===== 2025 Q1  (2025-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Kristina Waugh: Good evening, and welcome to Raymond James Financial’s Fiscal 2025 First Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company’s Investor Relations website. I’m Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us. With me on the call today are Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Paul Reilly; President, Paul Shoukry; and Chief Financial Officer, Butch Oorlog. The presentation being reviewed today is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to Slide 2. Please note that certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, industry or market conditions, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, and general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and the future or conditional verbs such as may, will, could, should and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in these statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 8-K, which are available on our website. Now, I’m happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you, Kristie. Good evening. Thank you for joining us today. As we begin my 61st and final earnings call as CEO, I want to take a moment to thank you all. These quarterly conversations have always been constructive, and the dialogue has helped informed our investors and shareholders, and I’m sure they have appreciated it over the years. I’m excited for the future. I believe Paul Shoukry and his leadership team will deliver leading results when he takes over next month following our annual meeting. He along with the leadership team bring both deep experience and a commitment to our culture and how it translates to our performance. The Board and I have great confidence in their collective abilities and believe the future is very bright. I’m not riding off to the sunset though. As Executive Chairman, I will be supporting Paul when he needs it just as Tom James supported me when he handed me the reins 15 years ago. The continuity of experience and counsel are important components of any transition. With that, let’s get into the fiscal first quarter. We achieved strong results in the quarter. We generated record net revenues and the second highest net income, showcasing the strength of our diverse and complementary businesses. We ended the period with quarter end record levels of PCG assets and fee-based accounts and a very healthy pipeline. With ample capital and funding, we remain well-positioned to continue to invest in our business, our people and technology to help drive growth across all our businesses. Beginning on Slide 4, the firm reported record net revenues of $3.54 billion for the first fiscal quarter with net income available to common shareholders amounting to $599 million slightly below the previous quarter’s record, resulting in record earnings per diluted share of $2.86. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders equaled $614 million or $2.93 per diluted share. We generated strong returns for the quarter with annualized return on common equity of 20.4% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 24.6%, a great result, particularly given our strong capital base. Moving to Slide 5. Total client assets under administration increased 14% year-over-year to $1.56 trillion. Sequentially, client assets were negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates and by one large departure we previously discussed. Private Client Group assets and fee-based accounts were up to a quarter-end record of $877 billion and financial assets under management were nearly unchanged at $244 billion. Over time, net new assets is primarily driven by our ongoing efforts in retaining and recruiting high-quality financial advisors. Domestic net new assets during the quarter equaled $14 billion representing a 4% annualized growth rate on the beginning of the period domestic PCG assets. As we described on our last earnings call, impacting this quarter’s performance was the departure of primarily one large branch in our independent contractor division. The impact was approximately $5 billion of AUA. Adjusting for those assets, domestic net new asset growth in the quarter would have been approximately 5.4%, a strong result. Over the prior 12 months, we recruited financial advisors with approximately $318 million of trailing 12-month production and $51 billion of client assets at their previous firms to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels. Including assets recruited into our RIA and Custody Services division, which we refer to as RCS, we recruited total client assets over the past 12 months of nearly $61 billion across all of our platforms. RCS finished the quarter with $188 billion of client assets under administration, up 28% year-over-year. Following the strong recruitment results we achieved in fiscal 2024 and in particular the fiscal fourth quarter, our recruiting momentum continues to be strong under Jodi Perry’s leadership. Jodi previously ran our ICD division and took the role to lead our firm-wide PCG recruiting. We remain optimistic about both the near-term and long-term growth given the pipeline of high-quality advisors and large teams. Overall, we remain focused on serving advisors across our multiple affiliation options. Despite our record high advisor satisfaction score, I have watched Paul Shoukry continue to double-down on our service capabilities during the transition period, believing we can continue to do more. Our robust technology capabilities and client first values continue to enable us to retain and attract high-quality advisors making Raymond James a destination of choice for advisors. Total clients domestic cash sweep and enhanced savings program balances at the end of the quarter were $59.7 billion reflecting a 3% increase over September 2024. Of note, suite balances grew 5% in the quarter. Bank loans grew 3% over the preceding quarter to a record $47.2 billion primarily due to higher securities based loans, which grew 4% in the quarter as well as continued residential mortgage growth. Moving to Slide 6. Private Client Group generated pretax income of $462 million on record quarterly net revenue of $2.55 billion. Results were bolstered by higher PCG assets under administration compared to the previous year due to a strong equity market and the addition of net new assets to the firm. Our Capital Markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $480 million and a pretax income of $74 million. Net revenues grew 42% year-over-year driven primarily by higher M&A revenues. Result this quarter marked the second best for M&A revenues and the third best quarter for investment banking revenues. The Asset Management segment generated record pretax income of $125 million on record net revenues of $294 million. Results were largely attributable to higher financial assets under management compared to the prior year quarter due to market appreciation and net inflows into PCG fee-based accounts. The Bank segment generated net revenues of $425 million and pretax income of $118 million. On a sequential basis, Bank segment net interest income increased 1%, while net interest margin of 2.6% declined two basis points compared to the preceding quarter. And now, I’ll turn the call over to our CFO, Butch Oorlog to review the financial results in detail. Butch?
Butch Oorlog: Thank you, Paul. Turning to Slide 8, consolidated net revenues reached a record $3.54 billion in the first quarter, representing a 17% increase over the prior year and a 2% rise sequentially. Asset management and related administrative fees grew to $1.74 billion representing 24% growth over the prior year and 5% over the preceding quarter. PCG domestic fee-based assets grew to $877 billion up 17% over the prior year and slightly above the preceding quarter. As we look ahead, given two fewer billing days, asset management and related administrative fees are expected to decrease by approximately 2% in our fiscal second quarter. Brokerage revenues of $559 million grew 7% year-over-year, primarily due to higher brokerage revenues in PCG. I’ll discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment banking revenues of $325 million increased 80% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. Following a strong result in the preceding quarter, first quarter results continued to benefit from very strong M&A revenues, which grew 92% year-over-year and 10% sequentially. Other revenues declined $21 million sequentially, primarily due to lower affordable housing investments business revenues where we typically see a slowdown in the fiscal first quarter following its seasonal high in the preceding quarter. Moving to Slide 9. Clients’ domestic cash sweep and enhanced savings program balances ended the quarter at $59.7 billion up 3% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 4.3% of domestic PCG client assets. So far in the fiscal second quarter, domestic cash sweep balances have decreased by approximately $1.8 billion primarily due to quarterly fee billings of nearly $1.6 billion. Turning to Slide 10. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $673 million down 1% compared to the preceding quarter. The Bank segment net interest margin was down two basis points to 2.6% for the quarter, while the average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks decreased 22 basis points to 3.12%, primarily due to the two 25-basis-point Fed rate cuts that occurred during the quarter as well as the 50 basis point rate cut that occurred late in the preceding quarter. Based on current rates and quarter-end balances, net of second quarter fee billings, we would expect the aggregate of NII and RJBDP third-party fees to be down 2% to 3% in the fiscal second quarter, in large part driven by two fewer billing days. Keep in mind, there are many variables that will impact actual results, including any rate actions during the upcoming quarter and factors impacting our balance sheet, including loan and deposit balances. Turning to consolidated expenses on Slide 11. Compensation expense was $2.27 billion and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 64.2%. Excluding acquisition related compensation expenses, the adjusted compensation ratio was 64%. As a reminder, the impact of salary increases arising from our annual cycle and effective on January 1, along with the reset of payroll taxes at the beginning of the calendar year, will each be reflected in our fiscal second quarter compensation expense. Non-compensation expenses of $516 million decreased 5% sequentially, largely due to a lower bank loan provision for credit losses and a decrease in professional fees. For the fiscal year, we expect non-compensation expenses excluding the bank loan loss provision for credit losses, unexpected legal and regulatory items, and non-GAAP adjustments presented in our non-GAAP financial measures to be approximately $2.1 billion representing about 10% growth over the same adjusted non-compensation figure for the prior year. Importantly, we will continue to invest to support growth across the business while maintaining discipline over controllable expenses. As such, the majority of this projected increase reflects our continued investment in leading technology supporting our financial advisors, as well as our expectations for overall growth in the business, which drives, for example, higher sub advisory fees, FDIC insurance premiums and recruiting costs. Slide 12 shows the pretax margin trend over the past five quarters. This quarter, we generated a pretax margin of 21.2% and adjusted pretax margin of 21.7%, achieving our target of 20% plus margin. On Slide 13, at quarter-end, our total assets were $82.3 billion a 1% sequential decline. Liquidity and capital each remained very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $2.3 billion well above our $1.2 billion target. With a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 13% and total capital ratio of 25%, we remain well-capitalized. Our capital levels provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.9%, reflecting a tax benefit recognized for share-based compensation that vested during the period. For fiscal 2025, we still estimate our effective tax rate to be approximately 24% to 25%. Slide 14 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. In December, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend on common shares 11% to $0.50 per share and authorized common stock repurchases of up to $1.5 billion replacing the previous authorization. During the quarter, the firm repurchased 310,000 shares of common stock for $50 million at an average price of $161 per share. As of January 24, approximately $1.45 billion remained under the Board’s approved common stock repurchase authorization. Going forward, we expect to continue to offset share-based compensation dilution and will be opportunistic with incremental share repurchases. Given our present capital and liquidity levels, we remain committed to maintain capital levels in-line with our stated targets. Lastly, on Slide 15, we provide key credit metrics for our Bank segment. The credit quality of the loan portfolio remains solid. Non-performing assets remain low at 26 basis points of Bank segment assets and criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.26%. The bank allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 95 basis points, down four basis points from the prior quarter. The allowance percentage has trended lower largely due to a loan mix shift toward more securities based loans and residential mortgages, which carry lower allowance levels and now account for 36% and 20% respectively of the total bank loan portfolio balances. The bank loan balance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percentage of corporate loans held for investment was 1.93%, down six basis points from the preceding quarter. We believe our allowance represents an appropriate reserve, but we continue to closely monitor economic factors that may impact our loan portfolios. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Paul Shoukry to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul M. Shoukry: Thank you, Butch. We are pleased with our strong results this quarter. And while the first calendar quarter always had some seasonal headwinds with the reset of payroll taxes and fewer billable days, I am optimistic about fiscal 2025 and beyond. In the Private Client Group, next quarter’s results will be negatively impacted by two fewer billable days, which we expect to result in an approximate 2% decline in asset management and related fees. But advisor recruiting activity remains solid, and we’re encouraged by the number of large team joining us and it’s still in the pipeline. In the Capital Markets segment, we are pleased to see a continuation of improved results this quarter as the market environment became more constructive for investment banking results and particularly for M&A, which had a second best quarter in our history. Our results in Capital Markets over the past two quarters reinforce our patient, long-term approach and strategic investments we have made over the past several years, even during a challenging market backdrop. The near record levels in M&A and investment banking this quarter were outstanding, and we remain optimistic for the rest of the fiscal year given our healthy pipeline along with a more conducive market environment and our well-positioned platform and capabilities. In the fixed income business, the market is still challenging, but we’ve begun to see some improvement in the depository sector of our business. With the outlook for short-term rates moderating and the yield curve steepening, depository clients are starting to be more engaged in managing their securities portfolio. In the Asset Management segment, we are confident that strong growth of assets and fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group will drive a long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James Investment Management to help drive further growth over time. In the Bank segment, we have seen securities based loan demand continue to increase as clients get more comfortable with the current level of rates, further supported by the Fed’s recent rate cuts. With ample client cash balances and capital, we are well-positioned to lend across the loan segment as activity increases within our disciplined risk guidelines. And speaking of our strong capital position, we are well-positioned to continue investing in organic growth and will be front-footed in pursuing acquisitions that meet our criteria of being a good cultural fit and strategic fit. And, while we decelerated the pace of share buybacks this particular quarter, our commitment to repurchase shares remains unchanged if we cannot deploy capital in those aforementioned growth initiatives. Meanwhile, the Board did increase our dividend by 11% to $0.50 per share per quarter and authorized common stock repurchases of up to $1.5 billion. Over the past nine months, I have been spending much of my time traveling across the country meeting with our financial advisors, investment bankers, associates, and clients. I could not be more energized and excited about our future. We have really great people who focus every day on helping their clients achieve their financial objectives. And, our best of both worlds value proposition continues to be more and more differentiated across all of our businesses. We are unique in having the scope and breadth of products and capabilities to serve complex needs of clients, combined with our strong culture that is anchored on putting people first. This makes us a preferred destination for both current and prospective advisors, bankers, and associates, which we believe will drive industry-leading growth over the long-term. The most powerful thing I hear consistently from financial advisors and associates is the best decision they ever made in their career was affiliating with Raymond James, and the biggest regret they have is they did not do it a few years earlier. That is really a testament to our unique values and all the great work our associates do each and every day to help financial professionals serve their clients. For that, on behalf of our entire leadership team, I want to thank our advisors and associates for making Raymond James such a special place. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Thanks so much. Hi, Paul, Paul, and Butch. And, before I ask a question, just want to say congratulations to Paul Reilly on a great career. And, obviously, I know you’ll still be there, but, it’s really been a pleasure. So, thank you. First question just on capital, and I know you guys hit on this quite a bit in the call, but, 13% Tier 1 leverage ratio, that’s $2.5 billion above 10% ratio. You’re going to generate probably a couple $1 billion more of capital through earnings over the next year. You only need about $400 million for the dividend, so maybe call that $4 billion of excess over the next year. So, just want to think about obviously, you’re growing loans at a pretty good pace. So, can you talk about the level of loan demand, because it would seem that you can support a lot of growth there. And then just beyond that, how you would kind of rank the other priorities or most attractive priorities for capital use? And, do you think you can actually work down that Tier 1 ratio over the next year without acquisitions? Thanks.
Paul M. Shoukry: Thanks, Devin. Yes. Our target is still to get to that 10% ratio, which is still twice the regulatory requirement, to be well-capitalized. And so, your analysis was quite good in that we have excess capital now. Not a bad position to be in, but, we are looking at the same levers that we have always told you that we prioritize, which first and foremost is organic growth, investing in our business and our advisors, clients and associates. The recruiting pipeline is still very strong, across all of our affiliation options. And also recruiting across all of our businesses as well, investment banking and asset management and the bank. And then speaking of the bank, growing the balance sheet. The loan growth, particularly securities based loans, to Private Client Group clients, has really, rebounded and been strong over the last couple of quarters as clients get used to the new level of rates and short-term rates have declined. And so, we are seeing that growth there, which is, the loan category that we feel has the best risk adjusted returns and the most synergy, with our Private Client Group clients. And then outside of organic growth, we have been front-footed and looking for acquisitions. We can’t say much, about that topic other than, there has been a lot of activity there. And, the last thing we want to do, yes, we don’t know whether or not we will close any of them or we’ll get to the finish line. That’s we have tight filters of it has to be a good cultural fit, strategic fit, and at a price that makes sense for our shareholders. But the last thing we want to do is a large amount of buybacks, while we’re doing due diligence on, a few acquisitions and then go, have to turn around and raise capital to fund the acquisitions. And so, buybacks, which is sort of our, behind dividends, sort of the last lever that we prioritize for, capital deployment, it’s something that we can, turn up or turn down depending on what we see with the other uses that I just described. And, you saw the deceleration there in the last quarter. If those other levers, don’t drive the kind of capital consumption that we’re hoping over the next several quarters, then we will, take buybacks back up to the pace that we saw in the preceding quarter.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Really appreciate the thorough response there, Paul. Just as a follow-up, on a segment basis, it’d be great to just think about what a potential recovery will look like for the Capital Markets segment margin, assuming business activity continues to recover to something ‘more normal’. Just trying to think about, obviously, we’re mid-single digits last year. In 2021, 2022, you were north of 20%. So, do you feel like you can get back to above 20%, or just how would you guys frame what a recovery looks like based on the business composition today? Thanks.
Paul M. Shoukry: I would tell you above 20% would, most likely for capital markets require, both sides of the business, broadly speaking, the equities and the fixed income side of the business to be running on most cylinders. And so, a good capital market result, if both businesses are not running. If one of the two, is strong and the other one’s okay, is probably what we saw this quarter at around 15% to 16%. That’s a pretty reasonable result for the capital market segment. We had a stronger result in M&A and investment banking, whereas for fixed income, it was a little bit of a softer quarter. But, over 20% numbers we saw during COVID really was record levels of revenues of pretax for both the equities and fixed income side of the businesses, which is atypical because they’re sort of natural hedges or kind of, they typically don’t run on all cylinders at the same time given the macroeconomic backdrop. So long winded way of saying, 15-ish%, 15% to 20% is something that we would be very happy with over cycles.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Terrific. Really helpful. Thanks, guys. Really appreciate it.
Paul C. Reilly: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good evening. Maybe a first question on the comp ratio. I wanted to focus on the advisor compensation as a percentage of compensable revenues. Last two quarters have been right around 74%. I think you’ve generally been in the range of 75% to 76% during that zone for the better part of the last seven years or so. I know the mix of advisors on platform has recently been shifting towards employees a bit. Just wondering if that’s having an impact on that advisor comp ratio and whether this lower level near 74% is kind of a better run rate?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Hard to look at one or two quarters and call that a new run rate. I think if you look at the entire fiscal year for 2024, it was right around 74.5% or something like that. So, that’s probably what I would point to. It bounces around from quarter-to-quarter. But over a long period of time, there’s the mix dynamic that you’re describing. But there’s also as you grow the production, there is sort of a more fixed base that grows as you recruit advisors that, amortizes over time of the transition assistance. And so, there is some scale advantage there as you grow, the production relative to the transition assistance that you kind of could see some modest benefit in. Now, we’re still recruiting heavily so that transition assistance will still come on and grow as well. But the revenue has been growing with the S&P 500 and the recruiting results, 17% for fee-based assets year-over-year. The transition assistance amortization is not growing that fast.
Kyle Voigt: Right. Thank you. Just to follow-up on net new asset growth, I think you noted 5.4% [ex] (ph) the $5 billion, large branch that off-boarded. Obviously, still a really healthy rate, but wondering what you think would need to happen to kind of accelerate back to that high-single-digit M&A growth rate similar to what you’re generating in 2022 and 2023. Just wondering whether you think that’s simply industry churn related or there’s competition, higher competition, in certain channels for recruiting?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think it’s just going to take, recruiting can be a little lumpy as it is. We came off a record year and had a lot of advisors join at year-end, and the pipeline is very, very healthy. So a lot of that is pushed by just how and when we bring recruits on. And then when you recruit, they come, it takes a while, a good year for a lot of them to build up their asset base. So, we feel really good about the trend. It looks like, if you look up and down the industry, it’s been a little slower, but we expect, I think we should expect, strong M&A still for a while as long as the advisors are moving and joining us. And we’re optimistic with the pipeline.
Kyle Voigt: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Thank you very much, for taking the questions. And Paul and Paul, again, congrats to both of you guys. Just in terms of the front-footed comment that sort of caught my ear, you’ve said it twice now on this call, is the significant amount of capital as you discussed. Wondering when you can sort of prioritize where you’re most interested in growing the platform. Maybe if you could talk either at the segment level or geographically. I’d be curious to sort of where you think you need to sort of further scale? Thank you.
Paul M. Shoukry: Yes. I would say, again, our priorities have been pretty consistent. The Private Client Group business is our biggest business. And so, that is sort of our top priority both in terms of organic deployment and also our pursuits on acquisitions. But, that’s also a very difficult from an acquisition perspective space to find a good strategic fit, cultural fit, and also a value that makes sense for shareholders, especially with private equity firms being so aggressive in the space right now. So, but that’s our top priority. And then the capital markets continuing to look at M&A firms to strengthen our platform form various verticals. Those have been more kind of team hires and lift niche, acquisitions and lift outs. And so, those have been very accretive for us over the past several of years, and also looking at asset managers. But, again, on the asset management front, most of the deals that we look at, that are shown to us are not necessarily showing us good organic growth profiles. And, that’s something that we would be looking for on the asset management front. So, really looking across all of our businesses, we have a lot of headroom to continue growing and expanding our market share and expanding the solutions that we provide to clients, in each one of our businesses. And so, those are sort of aligned with the priorities that we have from an acquisition perspective.
Paul C. Reilly: And just to add on to Paul, I mean, absolutely agree. You asked about geography too. First, we’ll take a good advisor anywhere. So, we’re looking trying to get the best advisors on the platform. But you look at market share, we’ve grown in the northeast, but certainly have a lot of room for gaining market share behind a lot of our other markets. And the West Coast is really still wide open. We were growing at a fast percentage pace, but it’s our smallest market share. And so, we believe we have a lot of opportunity to continue to grow in that business organically through recruiting.
Paul M. Shoukry: And also in Canada, and the U.K. as well. So, those are markets that, in Canada, we have a lot of headroom to continue growing there as well. So, those are markets that we’re interested in.
Bill Katz: Okay. Terrific. And as a follow-up, you mentioned the non-comp, non-provision being about $2.1 billion. So, maybe a two part question. How much flex is that if the revenue backdrop were to, potentially, decay a little bit just from a macro perspective? And then how should we be thinking about a more sustainable operating margin, just given the further scaling of the business? Thank you.
Paul M. Shoukry: Yes. We, there is some flex, not necessarily flex we want to experience because a lot of that, those expenses grow right in-line with revenues. So, investment sub advisory group fees grow with fee-based assets. And, the branch expense grows as we expand branches and open up new branches. And so FDIC insurance expenses grow as we grow the banks. And so, we want those expenses to grow because that means revenues are growing. So, answer to your question is there is flex, but not necessarily flex that we want to experience. Outside of that, in terms of discretionary flex, there always is discretionary flex short-term. But, we’re really committed to investing in the long-term. We don’t try to manage the expense growth from quarter-to-quarter. We’re looking at our needs over the next three, five years and beyond. And so, we want to stay committed to those investment objectives independent of what the short-term macroeconomic backdrop looks like or what the short-term revenue profile looks like.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Paul M. Shoukry: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Just wanted to follow-up on that last question. Sounds like, that’s a normal course in terms of some of the investments and growth in the business. As we think about non-comp on a multi-year basis, is 10% a reasonable run rate? Or do you view this level as a bit elevated given some of your priorities around spending and investing in the business?
Paul M. Shoukry: Now, again, investment sub advisory fees grow with the fee-based assets. That was up 33% year-over-year. So, we would love to see that continue to grow 33% year-over-year because that means our fee-based assets are growing that much. And so, I would say you have to look at each piece of it, but overall, with the revenue growth that we’ve been experiencing and the correlated expenses 10% has certainly been reasonable over the last couple of years. But that will naturally decelerate if the associated revenue drivers decelerate.
Dan Fannon: Understood. And then just, following up on organic growth, sounds like the backlog and recruiting still quite strong. Wondering if you could characterize that today versus, prior periods last quarter or the start of last year. And then you’ve also had some headwinds on some of the attrition that you had noted. As you look forward here in 2025, do you anticipate are there other kind of known platforms or things that might be leaving or some that you had already noted that aren’t fully gone just to quantify that?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. The large one is essentially, almost totally gone. This was the big quarter. That one has even received publicity. So that’s behind us. We think that there’s always some attrition. We know we’ve historically had that 1% type of credit attrition, but we don’t see anything big on the leaving side. The biggest movement of people that have gone to RAA, fortunately have gone to RIA, so we kept the assets. And then pipeline, I think, will you might have seen a little bit this quarter, but normally, when we have a really strong year and just like investment banking, when you close in the fourth quarter or fiscal quarter, we had a very big join in that fourth quarter. Usually, the first quarters a little slower because you burned off the backlog and you’re just going through it and people hop in. So, the timing is always a little off. But if you look the pipeline’s very strong. Team’s up to $20 billion in assets. Again, the teams keep seeing get bigger and bigger. And so, we’re very, very confident in it. But it will be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. It’s not always, it’s not a straight line business, but we feel really good about the pipeline. It’s as strong as it’s been.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my calls or my questions. So, curious on the average yield on RJBDP, third party bank, down about 22 basis points this quarter. I wanted to confirm, number one, the revenue side of that is really primarily moves with the policy rate, and so therefore, the offset partial offset would be the deposit beta that you have tied to those balances. Should we continue to think that that deposit beta offset will remain roughly at the level you’ve experienced so far? And maybe if you do let us know what the beta’s been on ESP and the Fed cuts.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I mean, I think that’s a reasonable assumption going forward, and we’ll, of course, next quarter have the full impact of the rate, the two rate cuts, in this quarter. And so, I think the deposit beta has been averaging around 35% on the sweep balances, but much higher than that on the highest yielding products like ESP, closer to 100%. And that’s what we anticipated was sort of that the deposit beta would look similar for the various products on the way, down as it did as on the way up for rates.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. Thanks. Thanks for that Paul. And then, understanding that SBL growth has been pretty strong, but given the increasing optimism in the environment and business, it seems confidence is improving. How should we think about C&I loan growth going forward? And how are you thinking about that as you think about moving into the fiscal -- through fiscal year ‘25?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I mean, we’re, we’re still active in the space, certainly, and especially for client relationships. But it’s been challenging. New origination flow in the spaces that we cover have been still relatively muted. We expect that to hopefully pick up in 2025, just given the macro backdrop. And then the flow we have seen have been really extremely tight spreads. And so, we’re not going to force growth by pursuing spreads that don’t meet our thresholds in terms of risk adjusted returns. And so hopefully, when volume gets to more normal levels, we’ll see spreads recover to more normal levels. But time will tell over the course of the year. In the meantime, we would hope for a continued growth in the securities based loan portfolio, as clients continue to establish new lines and tap into their existing lines.
Brennan Hawken: Great. That that makes a lot of sense. Thanks. And congrats to three of you on your new roles.
Paul C. Reilly: Thanks, Brennan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hi. Good evening, everybody. Thank you for taking the question as well. I’d like to go back to the capital management discussion. It feels like it’s been very consistent, I guess over the quarters years, but here we are and capital continues to build. I know your target intent and I know it’s over time, but can you give us a sense of realistically when you expect to get there not to pin you down to any particular quarter, but as a framework. Right? And it sounds like you’re closer to deals, and that’s held you back. But then you also named a lot of things that are interesting on the deal front, again similar to what you’ve said in the past. So, what is more likely, at least in terms of the type of businesses that you’re looking to add inorganically? And if not, when should we expect to that capital ratio to walk down to your target?
Butch Oorlog: Yes. Let me because Paul, I think, answered the question pretty thoroughly, and I understand why you’re asking for clarification. I think we were on a road of buybacks because we felt that was the best use of capital. And when we felt that there may be other uses, we held back on it. And so we’re going to, we’re not going to acquire something to lower the capital ratio. We’re going to do it because if we do something, it’s because of the strategic and long-term shareholder benefit. And we feel like when there’s an opportunity, it’s prudent to have the capital if we do it. And if we don’t do it we’re just going to have to catch back up quickly. We’re committed to the ratio. I think people were surprised when we actually did the buyback targets. Last time, it showed our commitment and we didn’t slow up for fun. We slowed up for prudently. But it’s kind of hard on the timing. Right? It’s so 13%. We don’t like operating at 13%. We think 10-ish is comfortable and that’s where we prefer to operate. But, again, we don’t want to use capital then have to go chase it, fund something.
Paul C. Reilly: And I know it’s it almost perhaps feels and seems like eternity since we were at 10%, but it was just over two years ago. And in our time horizon, two years, it’s not a short period of time, but it’s not an extremely long period of time, especially when you consider what’s happened over the last two years, with balance sheet growth being harder to come by across the entire industry. And the acquisitions were very, very low velocity in terms of potential acquisitions out there over the last couple of years. And the ones that were done didn’t meet our criteria of being a good cultural fit or strategic fit or at evaluation that made sense for us. So, I know it seemed like a long time. We agree with you. 13% is over our 10% target. But, last time we were here just over two years ago, we did six acquisitions in two years. And so what we’re telling you is that we’re committed to getting back down to 10%. But we’re also asking you to kind of be patient with us in the context of two years. We’ll be prudent and we’ll be disciplined and we’ll and be front footed on deploying that capital.
Alex Blostein: Yes. Fair enough. I mean, at the end of the day high class problems. So, I get that. Second question for you guys around is the advisory revenues within investment banking, I think running at north of $200 million for two quarters in a row now. Sort of approaching kind of peckish levels, but that’s without even the M&A cycle really taking off. So, maybe help us frame, how much the underlying drivers of the business have expanded over the last couple of years. And as you think about the current cycle in the context of the prior peak, how much higher do you think advisory revenues could ultimately get to as the new M&A cycle unfolds?
Paul C. Reilly: Right. So, let’s start with the pipeline looks very strong just like everyone in the industry believes. And, maybe that story with strong pipelines, the green shoots were past that, so people are doing deals. But I wouldn’t analyze the last two quarters. We’ve been last quarter the first quarter, we were stronger than most, we had an early recovery. Last quarter, we had two large fees, one over $40 million. So, it’s hard to say M&As lumpy. And I think it’s going to be smooth, I think would be not a good assumption that run rate that will be challenging next quarter, although the pipeline looks very good. So, we got out of the gates quickly, maybe a little more quicker than our run rate would be. So, I’d be cautious that taking that number and just extending it. Although, we think we’re in the middle of a good recovery, but not at the run rate at the peak.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Alright. Thank you both very much and congrats to everybody.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you.
Butch Oorlog: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
James Mitchell: Hey. Good afternoon. Maybe just on NII, it sounds like based on the guidance for the next quarter that your NIM is seemingly pretty stable. We have loan growth picking up, deposit growth looking like it’s turning and starting to get a little better and you still have asset repricing. So, with only about one or two cuts in the forward curve, is it fair to think the trajectory on NII could start to get a little better beyond next quarter? I mean, just think trying to think through full year ‘25 and what maybe the quarterly trajectory looks like.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, Jim. That’s absolutely right. That’s our hope as well. But we have two fewer billable days, this upcoming quarter. So, that’s the headwind. But beyond that is, assuming rates stabilize and NIM stabilizes, we grow assets. We think that can be a tailwind for NII. And that’s the goal is for it to be a tailwind to NII going forward.
James Mitchell: Okay. And then maybe as a follow-up on just on the NIM, it seems like you’re kind of you’re currently being dragged down by the securities book yielding around two in a quarter and the mortgage book yielding in the threes. Can you give any sense on the timeframe around when those books could start to get back to kind of current market rates? Is that a multiyear story? Is it a little more quicker than that? How do we think about that?
Butch Oorlog: Yes. Hey, Jim. That’s a great question. In terms of the available for sale book repricing, we see the maturities decreasing or maturing about $1.5 billion over the next 12 months. Not at a pro rata run rate, about $500 million of that repricing maturities will occur in the next quarter. And then other smaller amounts over the remaining three quarters. And that repricing is we’re using to fund the loan growth associated with the bank. So, that repricing for this past quarter and for the upcoming quarters will be deployed in those loans and the SBL loan growth that we talked about and the other elements of loan growth.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Turn from a headwind to a tailwind for us as those securities mature and roll over to higher yielding assets.
James Mitchell: Yes. Absolutely. Alright. Great. Thanks, Butch.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to circle back on the non-comp expense $2.1 billion guide for the fiscal year. I was hoping you can elaborate a little bit more on some of the major areas for investment that you’re focused on. I think technology has been one. Maybe you could provide a little bit more color on the types of technology investments, maybe help quantify that a bit more and just more broadly unpack some of the major areas for investment here in the fiscal ‘25?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think technology in particular is something we want to speak to, The Street about in more detail at the next Analyst Investor Day because that is a big area of focus for us as we really help advisors, ultimately save time so they could spend more time with their clients and provide deeper and broader services to their clients in a more efficient way. And so investing in the technology and also the process, the underlying processes that require automation, to be more efficient. And so we’re doing that across the private client group. Also investing in that, technology infrastructure and capital markets business as well and really across all of our businesses. So, more detail than we can provide on our earnings call, but a good question and something that I think we will try to carve out time at our analyst Investor Day to really highlight because it is a real strength, and probably maybe an underappreciated strength at Raymond James, underappreciated by The Street, certainly not by the advisers. When we bring in advisers to home office visits from the largest firms in the country, the oftentimes, more often than not they tell us, wow. We thought we’re going to have to downgrade in terms of technology to join Raymond James because you guys have such a great culture. But I am now realizing after spending a day or two with your technology that it’s actually going to be an upgrade. And so, we need to do a better job highlighting that. And we’re also investing in automation across the platform as well to increase efficiency. So, we’re excited about the technology investments we’re making across the business, over the next several years.
Michael Cyprys: If I could I was just hoping to ask a question on AI, although maybe you’ll tell me you’ll save it for Investor Day, but maybe I’ll just give it a shot here anyway. But just curious if you can maybe just give a little bit of an update on how you’re thinking about the opportunity set, where and how you’re experimenting across the firm today, what sort of learnings have you had along the way, where do you think it could be the most impactful as you think about the business over the next couple years. And just given the DeepSeek’s advancement over the weekend, it seems like maybe there could be some potential for faster deployment. Just curious how you’re thinking about that from an innovation and cost of deploy standpoint.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. It’s definitely a topic for analyst Investor Day. So, you’re right about that. But it is something that not only are we actively looking at, but we have been actively looking at. And we are in active discussions and making investments to be more formal about that, investment and that monitoring and deployment across our businesses. Because as you point out, we know it’s going I think the management team has a lot of conviction, that it’s going to result in substantial changes probably sooner than we think. But we also have a lot of conviction that we don’t know exactly how those changes will manifest themselves over the next couple of years because it’s still so early in the process. So, really the key for us is to and for everyone in our industry is to really be proactive in monitoring the development and understanding the potential use cases and testing and deploying and piloting the potential use cases. So, that is something we are in the process of setting up a team to do in a more formal way, in a more dedicated way and something that we will certainly be ready to discuss in more detail at the analyst Investor Day.
Michael Cyprys: Super. Look forward to that. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Congrats, Paul and Paul. And yes, look forward to, obviously, engaging with Paul in the new role, certainly. So just quick question for me on sweep cash trends. They were quite resilient in the quarter for you and industry peers. Your growth did lag, however, some of the public peers. I was hoping you could speak to any actions or changes in promotions, which may have impacted the cash growth. And with NII poised to stabilize at some point this year, what you’re underwriting for sweep cash balance growth in the year ahead?
Paul M. Shoukry: Yes. And I think, you know, we look at quarter-to-quarter trends, but, if you look at year-over-year trends, I think you’ll see different trends there. So, our cash balances and our cash programs, we always put clients first in the offering. And we have a very competitive offering, both in the suite program, the enhanced savings program, some of the special rates we offer for new money and also the purchase money market fund platform. And first and foremost when we make decisions around any of those cash programs, we’re thinking about what’s best for clients. And that served us very well over a long period of time. And the sorting dynamic has certainly gotten into the later innings, especially as rates have started to come down. And when outside of quarter-to-quarter blips that you’re highlighting, which may have some noise in it. If you look over a long period of time, we’ve been very consistent that as you know, Stephen, about being, about providing transparent and sort of consistent guidance around what we thought was going to happen to cash balances. And we have performed just as well, if not better, than the rest of the industry since the start despite, what maybe some others were saying about what would happen.
Steven Chubak: That’s helpful, Paul. And, I just have two cleanup questions here, if I could ask quickly. The first is just on the capital markets comp ratio, whether the 63% is a reasonable run rate, assuming this more constructive backdrop continues. And then what drove the decline in AUM in the quarter given equity markets were slightly higher? You cited the positive flow trends. Just want to understand some of the drivers underpinning that.
Paul C. Reilly: I’ll talk about the AOA trends. I mean, they’re really which is something unusual for us. A lot of the some of the big delta was actually FX, which usually doesn’t hit us. But with the UK and Canada being down 6% in the portfolio, that actually was a big chunk, and then the one firm that left. It’ll be nice not to talk about that anymore after this quarter, but that would have brought us into positive territory. So, there is someone off things in the quarter, which I think is why we look like we lag. And, again, our asset growth has been very strong, and I think we figured this was just a blip before. There’s nothing that we can see or that we’re worried about in terms of the growth of assets. On the comp ratio, I don’t know, Paul or Butch, if you want to take that.
Butch Oorlog: No. The comp ratio, our guidance has been to keep the comp ratio under 65% for the firm. And we have certainly been able to do that even though even as your interest rates have started coming in a little bit. So, it bounces around from quarter-to-quarter, especially in the capital markets segment. It’s certainly hard to compare our last fiscal quarter to the first fiscal quarter of the year because we have year-end reversals and those sorts of things. So, I always encourage folks to kind of look at a longer term trend, when making comparisons.
Steven Chubak: That’s great. Congrats again, Paul and Paul, and thanks for squeezing me in here.
Paul C. Reilly: Thanks so much, Steve.
Paul M. Shoukry: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Paul Reilly for closing remarks.
Paul C. Reilly: Well, I thank you all for attending, and I really do appreciate, as I said in the opening, this is very valuable to shareholders of us and the feedback. So, I appreciate a very constructive open dialogue. I hope that you always felt we’re front footed and honest, even though you call us sandbaggers once in a while. But, you know, we try to give you good and accurate information. So, thank you for that. I appreciated it, and I’ll be I may not be on the calls, but I’ll be listening to them at a minimum. So, appreciate it. Thanks for your support. And Paul and Butch, we’ll talk to you next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Kristie Waugh: Good evening and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Fiscal 2024 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. I'm Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and thank you for joining us. With me on the call today are Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Paul Reilly; President Paul Shoukry; and Chief Financial Officer, Butch Oorlog. The presentation being reviewed today is available on our Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to slide 2. Please note that certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, industry or market conditions, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions, and our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments and general economic conditions. In addition words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future, or conditional verbs such as may, will, could, should, and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in these statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our website. Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Kristie. Good evening and thank you for joining us today. Before I discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year earnings, I want to start by acknowledging the heartbreaking devastation our associates, advisors, friends and neighbors experienced over the last several weeks. With hurricanes Helene and Milton impacting communities throughout the Southeast including the St. Petersburg Tampa Bay area where Raymond James is headquartered as well as the Carolinas and Georgia, thousands across the region experienced unprecedented flooding, power outages, property damage and devastation. We enacted our business continuity plans and with our service workforce almost equally distributed across offices in St. Pete, Memphis and Southfield Michigan, colleagues outside impacted areas stepped in to ensure continuous service coverage. Even those affected associates and advisors continue to serve clients while facing storm and evacuations often working remotely from safe locations. The storm left a long recovery road ahead of us for all in their path. And while it's been difficult to bear witness to the pain and loss, I have also been humbled by the resilience of our associates, advisors and our community. Following the hurricane, the firm and leadership team have contributed almost $11 million to associate and community relief, including stipends to eligible associates and donations the Friends of Raymond James, the American Red Cross, United Way Suncoast and other charitable organizations across impacted communities. In addition to granting associates the time needed to navigate recovery efforts, the firm continues to provide comprehensive resources and benefits, including information about financial support, immediate aid, relocation services and wellness benefits. Challenging times like these highlight the importance of always putting people first, which has always been the foundation of Raymond James. The preparation, perseverance and response to the storm reflect the long history of Raymond James service culture and I'm especially proud to represent our team today. Now moving to our quarterly performance. We achieved strong results once again, concluding another fiscal year with outstanding achievements. In fiscal 2024, we generated record net revenues and record net income showcasing the strength of our diverse and complementary businesses. We ended the year with record client assets, healthy pipelines for growth across our business and ample funding to support the balance sheet. We remain well-positioned to continue to invest in our business, our people and technology to help drive growth across all of our businesses. Beginning on Slide 4, the firm reported record fiscal fourth-quarter net revenues of $3.46 billion, net income available to common shareholders of $601 million, and earnings per diluted share of $2.86. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $621 million, or $2.95 per diluted share. We generated strong returns for the quarter, with an annualized return on common equity of 21.2% and an annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 25.8%, a great result, particularly given our strong capital base. During the fiscal quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock for $300 million, bringing our fiscal year total to 7.7 million shares for $900 million at an average price of $117 per share. In total, we returned nearly $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends in the fiscal year. Moving to Slide 5, client assets grew to record levels this quarter, driven by rising equity markets and solid advisor retention and recruiting in the Private Client Group. Total assets under administration increased 6% sequentially to $1.57 trillion. Private Client Group assets in fee-based accounts grew to $875 billion in financial assets under management to $245 billion. Domestic net new assets during the quarter were $13 billion, representing a 4% annualized growth rate on the beginning of the period domestic PCG assets. And for the fiscal year, domestic net new assets were $60.7 billion, representing a 5.5% growth rate on beginning of the period domestic Private Client Group assets. A key contributor to the net new asset growth is our continued recruiting results, which were really strong this quarter. To our domestic independent contractor and employee channels, we recruited financial advisors with approximately $100 million of trailing 12-month production and $17.5 billion of client assets at their previous firms. Including assets recruited into our growing RIA and Custody Services division, which we refer to as RCS, we recruited across all platforms, total client assets during the quarter of $22.3 billion, surpassing the previous best quarter which occurred in 2021 in terms of recruited assets. For the fiscal year, we recruited financial advisors with approximately $335 million of trailing 12-month production and $56.7 billion of client assets at their previous firms, recruiting in the year production and assets equal to that of a pretty good-sized firm. RCS asset growth is bolstered by both external joins as well as from internal transfers, and RCS finished the quarter with $181 billion of client assets under administration, up 36% over the prior year level. This quarter, we reported financial advisors of 8,787. Overall, these fantastic recruiting results reflect the continuous focus of the entire firm to ensure Raymond James remains a destination of choice for advisors. As we had mentioned in previous quarters, there are a couple of OSJ relationships in our independent contractor division who had decided to leave the platform. It takes time to effect these movements, but a portion of those assets left the firm in the fiscal fourth quarter, totaling roughly $3 billion of AUA. We anticipate approximately $5 billion of assets associated with these firms to complete their transfers off the platform in early fiscal 2025. Adjusting for these transferred assets, net new assets growth in the quarter would have been approximately 5%. Overall, we remain focused on serving advisors across our multiple affiliation options. Our robust technology capabilities and client-first values continue to enable us to retain and attract high-quality advisors. Total client domestic cash sweep and enhanced savings program balances ended the quarter at $57.9 billion, up 3% over June of 2024. Bank loans grew at 2% over the preceding quarter to a record $46 billion, primarily due to higher securities-based loans which grew 5% in the quarter as well as continued residential mortgage growth. Moving to slide 6. Private Client Group generated record quarterly net revenues of $2.48 billion and pre-tax income of $461 million. Year-over-year results were bolstered by higher PCG assets under administration due to a strong equity market and net new assets brought into the firm, reflecting positive results from our long-term focus and patience to hold the course in our capital markets businesses generated quarterly net revenues of $483 million and a pre-tax income of $95 million. Net revenues grew 42% year-over-year and 46% sequentially driven primarily by higher M&A revenues as the market environment became more supportive of transaction closings in the quarter. Market conditions seem to be improving and we are optimistic about our healthy pipeline and new business activity and M&A. The Asset Management segment generated record pre-tax income of $116 million on record net revenues of $275 million. Results were largely attributable to higher financial assets under management compared to the prior year quarter, due to market appreciation and net inflows in PCG fee-based accounts, as well as modest net inflows into Raymond James Investment Management. The bank segment generated net revenues of $433 million and pre-tax income of $98 million. Bank segment net interest income increased 1% due in part to higher loan balances. The net interest margin for the segment of 2.62% declined two basis points compared to the preceding quarter. Looking at the fiscal year 2024 results on slide 7, we generated record net revenues of $12.82 billion and record net income available to common shareholders of $2.06 billion up 10% and 19% respectively over the record set in the prior year. Additionally, we generated strong returns on common equity of 18.9% and adjusted return on tangible common equity of 23.3% for the year. On slide 8, the record results in PCG and Asset Management segments for the fiscal year, primarily reflected a strong organic growth in PCG along with robust equity markets. Now, I'll turn the call over to our new CFO, Butch Oorlog to review our financial results in detail. Butch?
Butch Oorlog: Thank you, Paul. Turning to slide 10. Consolidated net revenues were a record $3.46 billion in the fourth quarter, up 13% over the prior year, and up 7% sequentially. Asset management and related administrative fees grew to $1.66 billion, representing 15% growth over the prior year, and 3% over the preceding quarter. This quarter PCG domestic fee-based assets increased 7%, which will be an approximate 6% tailwind for asset management and related administrative fees in the fiscal first quarter. Brokerage revenues of $561 million grew 17% year-over-year, primarily due to higher brokerage revenues in PCG and fixed income capital markets. I'll discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment Banking revenues of $315 million increased 56% year-over-year, and 72% sequentially. Fourth quarter results benefited from a significant increase in M&A revenues. Moving to slide 11. Client domestic cash sweep and enhanced savings program balances ended the quarter at $57.9 billion, up 3% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 4.2% of domestic PCG client assets. So far in the fiscal first quarter, domestic cash sweep balances have declined about $1.3 billion attributable to record quarterly fee billings. Turning to Slide 12. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $678 million, up 1% over the preceding quarter. The bank segment net interest margin was down two basis points to 2.62% for the quarter, while the average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks decreased seven basis points to 3.34%, primarily due to the Fed rate cut. Based on current rates and balances, which reflects the September rate cut and the impact of quarterly fee billings, we would expect the aggregate of NII in RJBDP third-party fees to be down approximately 5% in the fiscal first quarter. Keep in mind, there are a lot of variables that could impact that estimate, including further rate actions which are not assumed. Turning to consolidated expenses on Slide 13. Compensation expense was $2.16 billion and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 62.4%. Excluding acquisition-related compensation expenses the adjusted compensation ratio was 62.1%. Non-compensation expenses of $543 million increased 10% sequentially, largely due to the bank loan provision for credit losses, which was a benefit in the preceding quarter. For the fiscal year, non-compensation expenses, excluding the bank loan provision for credit losses, unexpected legal and regulatory items and non-GAAP adjustments presented in our non-GAAP financial measures came in just under our expectation of $1.9 billion. While we maintain discipline in controlling our expenses, we continue to invest to support growth across the business. Slide 14 shows the pretax margin trend over the past five quarters. This quarter, we generated a pretax margin of 22% and adjusted pretax margin of 22.7%, an increase over the prior quarter arising in part from the improved capital markets results. On Slide 15. At quarter end, our total assets were $83 billion, a 3% sequential increase, largely due to loan growth and higher cash balances primarily held in our bank segment. Liquidity and capital each remained very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $2.2 billion well above our $1.2 billion target with a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 12.8% and total capital ratio of 24.1%, we remain well capitalized. Our capital levels provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. The effective tax rate was 20.8% for the quarter, primarily reflecting the favorable impact of nontaxable valuation gains associated with the corporate-owned life insurance portfolio. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. During the quarter, the firm repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock for $300 million at an average price of $115 per share. For the fiscal year, we repurchased 7.7 million shares for $900 million. As Paul noted earlier, in total we returned capital to shareholders of approximately $1.3 billion during the fiscal year through dividends and share repurchases. As of October 19, approximately $645 million remained under the Board's approved common stock repurchase authorization. Going forward, we expect to continue to offset share-based compensation dilution and to be opportunistic with incremental share repurchases. Given our present capital and liquidity levels, we currently expect to keep a similar pace of buyback activity as we did during this quarter, or possibly more as we remain committed to maintaining capital levels in line with our stated targets. Lastly, on Slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for our bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio remains solid. Non-performing assets remained low and relatively unchanged from the prior quarter level at 28 basis points of bank assets. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.47%, up from 1.15% in the preceding quarter, primarily due to a small number of idiosyncratic loan downgrades. The bank allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter roughly unchanged from the prior quarter level at just under 1%. The allowance percentage has trended lower, largely due to a loan mix shift toward more securities-based loans and residential mortgages which carry lower allowance levels and now account for 35% and 20% of the total loan portfolio balances, respectively. The bank loan allowance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percent of corporate loans held for investment was largely unchanged from the preceding quarter at approximately 2% at quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve, but we continue to closely monitor economic factors that may impact our loan portfolios. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul Shoukry to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Butch. You definitely covered the financials a lot better than I did when I was a CFO. Great job. Now on to our outlook. We are pleased with our record results this quarter and for the fiscal year. More importantly, we are well positioned entering fiscal 2025 with record client asset levels, healthy pipelines for growth across the business and ample capital and funding to support balance sheet growth. In the Private Client Group, next quarter's results will be positively impacted by the sequential increase of assets and fee-based accounts, which we expect will benefit asset management and related fees by approximately 6%. Our advisor recruiting activity remains robust, and we're encouraged by the number of large teams joining us and remaining in the pipeline. We are focused on being a destination of choice for current and prospective advisors, which we believe over the long-term should continue to drive industry-leading growth. In the Capital Markets segment, we were pleased to see significantly improved results this quarter as the market environment became more constructive for investment banking results and particularly M&A. Our M&A pipeline remains healthy, and we are optimistic that the consistent investments in our platform and people should continue to drive growth in fiscal 2025. And in the fixed income business, the market is still challenging, but we've begun to see some improvement in the depository sector of our business. With short-term rates decreasing and the yield curve steepening, depository clients are starting to be more engaged in managing their securities portfolio. Overall, despite the headwinds over the past two years, we believe our long-term patient approach along with opportunistic investments we've made have well positioned us for growth as the market and rate environment become more conducive for the Capital Markets segment. In the Asset Management segment, we remain confident that strong growth of assets and fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James Investment Management to help drive further growth over time. And while the entire industry has been challenged by high levels of redemption activity, the record levels of sales in fiscal 2024 are a testament to our strong portfolio management and sales teams. In the Bank segment, we remain focused on fortifying the balance sheet with diversified funding sources and prudently growing assets to support client demand. We have seen securities-based loan demand increase, as clients get comfortable with the current level of rates further supported by the recent Fed rate cut. Corporate loan growth has been muted as new origination activity in the credits we target remain low, but we will remain patient and we are confident that loan demand in this category will rebound as well. With ample client cash balances and capital, we are very well positioned to lend across the loan segments as activity increases within our conservative risk guidelines. In addition to driving organic growth across our businesses, we also remain focused on corporate development efforts. While we prefer to deploy capital to invest in growth we plan to maintain this past quarter's pace of buybacks or potentially increase it as we continue to look for opportunities that may meet our disciplined M&A parameters. I want to quickly touch on short-term rates because all too often lower interest rates are viewed as a negative for our business. I would just say that there are a lot of potential positive outcomes as well. Two potential examples are higher loan growth and better investment banking results across the industry, both which have been really low over the past couple of years. Again, this reinforces the value of having diversified and complementary businesses. In closing, we are well positioned entering fiscal 2025 with strong competitive positioning in all of our businesses and solid capital and liquidity to invest in future growth. I want to thank our advisors and associates for their continued dedication to providing excellent service to their clients. I also want to thank our fantastic leadership team, many who took on larger roles starting on October 1 as part of our long-term CEO succession process. I really look forward to partnering even more closely with all of our leaders and associates for many years to come. And of course, I want to thank Paul Reilly for developing the strong team over the past 15 years. What is reinforced in the most challenging of times including with the 200-year hurricanes that hit us in a two-week period is that we have something really special here at Raymond James. And my number one job when I take over as CEO is to do everything we possibly can to fiercely protect our culture and values. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cho with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Cho: Hi, good evening team. Thanks for taking for my question. I just wanted to touch on the Capital Markets segment here. I apologize in advance a two-parter. But clearly a nice pickup as you noted in the advisory segment. Can you give any color or anything incremental in terms of maybe what you saw in the quarter or what -- and if there's anything in particular that drove the quarterly results in advisory? And maybe anything more on the pipeline as you look ahead as well? And then secondly Paul, if you kind of talk through you've invested in people and platform in this business over the last number of years. And so when we think about operating leverage ahead, I mean is there a way to frame the incremental margins ahead maybe relative to maybe what you've achieved in prior environments of better capital markets activity?
Paul Reilly: Well, first I think the whole market is pretty much shown an improving M&A environment and I think it's rate expectation and frankly a lot of capital on the sidelines. So, we had a big pickup this quarter, but we're seeing that both in activity in this current quarter coming up. So a lot of bigger transactions it's a lot of people who have been on the sidelines sort of reached deals to close them. So in terms of activity we could go by a number of MDs. We'd have to speculate with what the rate is. Certainly, I think we've had a year -- a couple of years ago that's hard to beat the benchmark because it was an exceptional year. But we've got room to grow from here. And I wouldn't really put a number on it yet, but we've got a lot of productive capacity.
Paul Shoukry: As far as the margin goes, the margin portion of your question, for the year is 20.6%. And that's a pretty healthy margin, given the mix of businesses that we're in. Now capital markets really wasn't hitting on all cylinders until this past quarter's final quarter of the fiscal year. But we have puts and takes in our businesses. So I'd say over time, our goal has always been to grow revenues faster than expenses and therefore, grow earnings and margins beyond that. But in any one quarter, any one year, there could be a lot of puts and takes in our various businesses.
Michael Cho: Okay. Wonderful. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up on the balance sheet. I know you had a willingness or the willingness to ultimately grow the balance sheet and you've called out that corporate loan growth, particularly has been somewhat tepid. I'm just curious what you're hearing from clients and what ultimately drives more demand area, if it's really just simply lower rates or if you're hearing anything else in terms of that that piece of business? Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: On the corporate side lower rates would certainly help, as companies take advantage of the debt that they could get at more attractive rates. But also going back to your last question to Paul, M&A activity historically has been a big driver of financing needs. And so as we start seeing M&A activity pick up, hopefully that will be a leading indicator for corporate loan demand over time.
Michael Cho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Curious on your outlook for next year with the non-comp expense you came in slightly below the 1.9 for fiscal 2024. Could talk about the areas of investment and maybe quantify growth in that non-comp, as you think about the next 12 months?
Paul Shoukry: A lot of our non-comp items, as we've said in the past is really growth related, so investment, advisor, sub-advisory fees for example that grows with fee-based assets which have been growing really nicely, 7% sequentially as an example. And then the other expenses, we're going to continue to invest heavily in technology. If you look at it on a percentage basis, that's been our biggest grower consistently year in and year out and on an absolute dollar basis for that matter. And that's really to remain competitive and provide advisors the very best technology that we can, very competitive in the industry to help them find time and serve their clients more efficiently and effectively. And so technology will continue to be an area of focus. And then of course, as you grow as an organization and grow the businesses, you're going to need to grow the branch and office space and other aspects of non-comp to invest in the business.
Dan Fannon: Understood. And then the comments around the backlog for advisors sounded pretty similar to what we've heard from previous quarters. I was hoping to get a little more context maybe around numbers for retention in the period. And then I think the larger books of business coming on board maybe talk about the size today that you're recruiting, average size versus say a year ago?
Paul Reilly: I think that both of those are up is that the biggest change probably over the last few years is a fewer advisors in total but much, much bigger books. So not only was this year an onboarding of probably the largest books we ever have but also the same in the pipeline. So we've become a destination for very large teams. I think both because of our technology platform and our high net worth offerings over the last couple of years that we've developed have really taken off and made us a destination. So we're very comfortable not only do we have a very good recruiting year but we're very comfortable with the backlog that's in there too.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Thanks very much. Hi, Paul, Paul and welcome, Butch. First question just on – coming back to the balance sheet just lending capacity as demand picks up here. So you have obviously plenty of capital. You seem to be holding at least a couple of billion dollars of excess liquidity on the balance sheet. Then I think you have $18 billion of cash at third-party banks. So I appreciate, this isn't going to happen overnight and you're not going to force the lending, but how you would frame the amount of loan growth that could come from just remixing the current balance sheet? And then how much of that third-party cash you guys are comfortable moving on to the balance sheet over time with the assumption that deposits are stabilizing to maybe starting to grow a bit here?
Paul Reilly: Well, Devin you answered the question just by giving the stats we have a ton of cash and capital. And I think that what's limited our growth on -- is just we've been very consistent in our risk appetite and having low risk on the C&I side of the portfolio and just the spreads and the demand haven't been there. They're just -- I think a lot of that is as Paul talked about earlier because of lack of M&A activity. Certainly the opportunities to lend at the spreads and the risk tolerances we like haven't been there. But we're more unwilling when that returns to invest in them. So that's holding it back there. On the other side the SBL loans as rates went way up and mortgages as rates went up it just cooled the appetite. Now that we've seen even after just the 50 basis point drop we've seen a pickup in SBLs right away. I think people have gotten used to the rates and figured they're going to be aroundish to stay and they are floating. So if they -- the SBLs when they go down the rates will go down and clients seem to be more active. So we're waiting on the commercial side to see a risk/reward in terms of spreads and the risk part we like and are comfortable with. And on the client side for SBLs and mortgages it's really their appetite. We're here and ready and we have plenty of cash. So we're not trying to limit the bank growth seen over the years we'll have quarters whether we've had fairly sizable growth and then quarters where we've had none just based on really what we think that market risk appetite is.
Devin Ryan: Thanks, Paul. I appreciate that. I guess where I was going was more that you have $18 billion of third-party cash you want to have some liquidity parameters there I'm sure for risk management purposes. So like are you comfortable moving $5 billion of that or $10 billion of that? Like what's the threshold that we should be looking at? I know there's been thresholds over time. So just curious how you guys think about that and where you're comfortable.
Paul Reilly: Well, I mean, the major thing that drives that is we offer clients FDIC insurance up to $3 million through the multi-suite program. And so we want to make sure that we avail our clients to those third-party banks to maximize their FDIC insurance. Not a lot of other firms do that anymore especially firms with affiliated banks. And so we think it's important to protect to give that client that type of protection. And so that would limit all $18 billion for example to being deployed in our own bank probably would limit half of that I would say something in that range from being deployed to our own bank to give the clients the FDIC insurance that they could get to the multi-suite program.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay. That’s great color. Thanks, Paul. And then a follow-up I'd love to ask about fixed income brokerage. I think performing reasonably in an environment that's been challenged. I think you guys highlighted starting to see some light at the end of the tunnel with depository clients. So just trying to think about where we could go from here. If there's a kind of a framing of whether it's historical levels of revenue? Or how we should think about like how maybe much that part of the business is under punching relative to its potential if liquidity builds in the system and banks are more active? Like just where that could go relative to where we currently are?
Paul Shoukry: I would say the periods during COVID with very low rates. Those were kind of record levels for fixed income brokerage and it was a perfect environment for that business. There's lots of excess cash in the system, there is -- short-term rates were close to zero and there is benefit for taking on some duration. And so somewhere between kind of where we've been running in the last couple of years in COVID is probably a reasonable place to kind of think of a healthy level would be over time. And then of course as we grow the business and we take market share and we grow tangential opportunities like Sumridge has been a great addition beyond the depository spaces that diversifies and further strengthens our business as well. So we'll continue to look to add to our capabilities and also our balance sheet is getting bigger. So over time we'll also use our balance sheet in a very prudent way to continue supporting that business as well. So it's still a growth business for us over time. But just from the pure depository space the COVID period was sort of a the components of that business were sort of perfectly aligned.
Devin Ryan: Yes, got it. Okay, that’s helpful. Appreciate you taking all the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brennan Hawken: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I wanted to ask about advisory. So, it's one of the themes we've been noticing and has been sort of nagging has been that sponsors have been sort of slow to reengage. But I know your advisor business has a lot of leverage there and certainly encouraging to see that strength. So, hoping you could get maybe a little more color around what you're seeing. Is this a good sign that sponsors are beginning to reengage in the mid-market space? Or were there some lumpy results that benefited the revenues?
Paul Reilly: I think there's a general reengagement and across a lot of sectors. So, it's a sign. We've always been I guess pretty conservative on our outlook there when any time we talked we talked about a backlog, but the market wasn't conducive. We're seeing people engage. And it's not only on inventory I mean existing things that were up for being sold but we're seeing new engagement and discussions about new mandates. So, we think -- I'm not going to say it's going to boom overnight, but we're seeing a much, much more conducive market both in interest on buyers and sellers. So, at least for the near term we see a fairly good market and recovering market. But I don't know if we can give you more color because one quarter doesn't always paint a long-term trend but we can tell you the backlog looks pretty good for the near term anyway.
Brennan Hawken: That’s fair. Thanks for that Paul. And then ESP given where the yields were on that product I would expect that in the recent Fed cut that had a very high beta. Should we just assume that that's a roughly 100 beta product as we see cuts? And have you noticed any change in behavior or engagement since yields have started to come down around that offering?
Paul Shoukry: I would say ESP balances are higher yielding balances sort of at the same rate range as money market funds. So, that is typically a 100% deposit beta type product. And we have others we have balances and opportunities and certain balances in the bank segment as well. In total, when you look at our total balances at the bank segment deposits the bank segment and the suite balances roughly half of those balances are of highest -- higher rate higher deposit beta type balances. So, we have a lot of protection to downside rates which will give us some offsets as rates decrease because our assets are mostly floating rate assets. And what was the other part of the question?
Brennan Hawken: Any changes in engagement with those higher yield products as we've seen rates come down?
Paul Shoukry: Not really. I think a lot of the cash reinvestment activity we are slowing down and decelerating well before the rate decrease. And so we haven't seen sort of an acceleration or deceleration frankly that's notable following the decrease.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi good evening Paul. Good evening Butch. I wanted to start with a question just on the spread revenue guide for next quarter. Now, the growth in sweep deposits was encouraging even inclusive of the fee billings. Just wanted to drill down to some of the inputs that are underpinning that lower spread revenue guide? Maybe more specifically just what deposit pricing changes are embedded in the guide? And does it contemplate any favorable cash seasonality which we typically see around year-end?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean we've been accused of being conservative with our guidance in the past particularly on this guidance. So, hopefully that proves to be the case this time around because loan balances are continuing to grow. We're not really factoring in ongoing loan balance. This is more of a snapshot type view in terms of what the full run rate of rate changes would be to both the BDP fees and NII. And so, to your point, balances can increase throughout the quarter whether it’d be cash balances but hopefully more loan balances and that could offset some of the reduction in rate and the sensitivity around that. And I just gave you the breakout of the deposits that are higher yielding and higher deposit beta versus the ones that are lower yielding lower deposit beta. And so that's kind of what went into our math.
Steven Chubak: Understood. And for a follow-up just on, I wanted to drill down to some of the earlier comments you made on net new asset growth in the pipeline. For both you and industry peers, this past year we did see the moderation in industry flow trends. I understand you struck a positive tone in terms of the pipeline of new advisors but just trying to gauge what drove the slowdown in industry growth, whether we should interpret the comments on the pipeline as supportive of an acceleration in that flow rate? And which channels are seeing the fastest growth across the platform given the omnichannel offering?
Paul Reilly: It depends on how you want to look at it in our RIA part RCS, it's by far the highest percentage growth and is consistent with industry trends and that's been growing quickly. If you look at total dollars and this goes back and forth a couple of years ago, it was independent this year the employee channel really led the way. And it's -- we used to have -- independents grow faster than down markets, I mean in up markets and employees and slow markets. We don't see that trend anymore. It's really just where we can meet the teams that like an affiliation option. And so, employee led the way. I actually think that we'll get some improvement in the independent contractor model, because it's just cyclical. And the employee size seems to have a very good backlog as does RCS. So, we're encouraged. But it's a process both to get people to commit and then get people in the door. So we can never predict the timing but we're encouraged even with the great results that we could do better.
Steven Chubak: Helpful color. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys. Good afternoon and Butch welcome to the call as well. I wanted to follow-up to Steve's question around cash trends. Is it possible to unpack sort of sources of growth you saw in the third quarter, your fiscal fourth quarter across the cash stack, and curious whether it is really kind of abating of the sorting? Or are you starting to see more cash coming on to the sidelines as net new assets coming in?
Paul Shoukry: I mean we continue to grow a lot as a business. And as we grow and bring on new advisors they bring on their clients, they're going to bring on their clients cash balance. And so -- and that's been happening throughout the last couple of years has just been masked by the fact that there's been a lot of reinvestment activity. And so, as that reinvestment activity decelerates and subsides then you're going to start seeing the pure -- the growth coming in from the addition of advisors and their clients.
Alex Blostein: Yes. That makes sense. So your point is kind of like look from this point on like your cash balances are likely to grow and trend more in line with net new assets like we've seen in the past?
Paul Shoukry: Well, you took my comments a couple of steps further but I'm not sure we're willing to declare a total end to the cash reinvestment but that's the dynamic that you've seen over the last, call it, four to six quarters as that dynamic has decelerated.
Alex Blostein: Got you. Okay. Good enough. Thanks. And then a quick follow-up on the buyback. I just want to make sure I'm interpreting your comments correctly. So, $300 million share repurchases this quarter a nice step-up. Should we assume that to be kind of run rate quarterly pace of buybacks from here as well or absent, obviously, like M&A or anything like that? And if there are opportunities to do more, you're likely to do that as well? I'm just trying to understand what the criteria are from here for trajectory of share repurchases.
Paul Shoukry: I mean to your point, we'd much rather use the capital to grow the business whether it's through organic growth acquisitions or balance sheet growth with loan growth. And we are optimistic on those fronts as well. But to the extent that we're not using the capital and we're generating pretty good earnings then we want to make sure that we limit further expansion of the capital ratio. And that's where we come up with the pace that we've been out here for the last quarter or maybe even a little bit more, depending on all those factors and price and other things that we want to show our commitment to limiting further capital ratio growth given how strong it is now and it is over our target of 10%.
Alex Blostein: Yeah. Make sense. All right. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Good evening. Just coming back to the margin discussion. Just wondering, if you could unpack a little bit from the top-down view of driving operating leverage to maybe the segment lines. So if I look at maybe the private client business and the capital markets business in particular, the margins there improved reasonably strongly particularly in capital markets. So how do we think about the marginal margin in those segments? And then coming back Paul to your comments, Paul Shoukry your comments of 22% margin is pretty fulsome at this point. So how do we think about the incremental margin at the segment level and then that translating into the overall margin outlook for holdco? Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: How many more hours do you have tonight? Yeah, I mean I think listen to the extent that revenues grow in our segments then that should result in margin expansion for each one of our segments. So interest rates and spreads play a big role in that both at the private client group segment and the bank segment. And we just had a 50 basis point reduction. Now I think we can over time offset that impact by growing the balance sheet at the bank as loan demand comes back. So over time I think we can do that. And then to the extent capital markets margin improved this past quarter, but it hasn't been exactly great the first three quarters of the fiscal year. So the incremental margin when you're operating at a loss is pretty significant especially with the significant revenue increase we had in the segment this quarter. So I'm just saying over time what I caution the Street from doing is just assuming that the margin gets better in every segment because everything goes in the right direction and then that generates a substantially higher margin than we generated this year. I think that's maybe not factoring in the puts and takes that are natural and are diverse and complementary businesses.
Bill Katz: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just one follow-up just coming back to client cash for a moment, sort of, seen this as some of your peers you've seen a big pickup in client cash into the end of the quarter and some have pointed to just some fixed income liquidity maturities coming in, some uncertainty around interest rate expectations given some of the moves by the Fed, and obviously election coming up in just a couple of weeks from now. So are you seeing a structural shift in the client cash? Or is this more of a timing element on asset allocation that is somewhat pumping up client cash all else being equal and could move back into more AUM type of levels and not so much on the NII side? Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: I would say our asset mix has been remarkably consistent. Advisors have been doing a very good job through different cycles both market cycles and rate cycles, keeping client's asset mix relatively aligned with their long-term investment objectives. And so like for example equities for us right now is roughly 60% on an ex-rate basis of assets and that's been consistent within two or three percentage points for the last several years in various environments. And so the mix shift that you've seen over the last five years has really been within the cash category when it's a low rate environment there's more in transactional cash. And when you're in a higher rate environment there's more investable cash there. And so that's the only shift I think we've seen over the long-term. And one quarter -- the difference I think in just the last couple of quarters is the deceleration I talked about of the sorting activity. And now you're starting to see more of that growth coming in from just bringing on advisors as they bring on their clients and existing advisors bring on new clients.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you for the perspective and taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good evening. Paul, you noted a continued focus on corporate development efforts and remaining disciplined there. Just curious if you can give us an update on the M&A environment. Are you seeing more or less opportunities today compared to earlier in 2024? Is the rate certainty helping to narrow bid-ask spreads for potential targets? And any areas of focus we should really be thinking about in terms of the Wealth segment? Or are there other areas you're considering for inorganic growth?
Paul Reilly : Yes, we look across all of our businesses for growth. We really believe we're positioned for the right opportunities to grow. And I'd say, our corporate development team has done a great job of bringing opportunities to us, right? So, we look at a lot of deals. Some, we just don't like the deals, the way they fit in our environment, some are not culturally there. And some we like, and we just can't get the terms on what we think is the long-term price. So, we're constantly looking, we take them very seriously. We're, as you know, a conservative buyer and that will be competitive, but we won't stretch way out to buy an asset. And so it really just depends when they click, and that's the hard thing on timing. Like a few years ago, people say, well, you guys aren't going to buy anything. You're hoarding all this capital and we closed four deals in the next few months. I mean, it just took a while, and they just all happened to hit around the same time. So, we're still in that mode, but we're not going to do a deal just to do a deal. It has to be something that fits and makes sense for the firm and shareholders.
Kyle Voigt: Makes sense. And for my follow-up, maybe just a question on the balance sheet. On the AFS portfolio, I know that continued to run off in the quarter. I guess, with some more clarity on the rate environment in terms of the direction of travel with the Fed and still with significant excess capital. Is there any desire to change your stance on that and begin holding that steady or growing those balances in fiscal 2025? Or do you anticipate letting that portfolio continuing to run off?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. We let that portfolio grow modestly just really to accommodate client cash balances when the banks during the COVID period didn't really want those balances. And so now all we're doing is getting back to sort of a normalized liquidity level at both banks and primarily at Raymond James Bank, where we were accommodating those balances. So once they get to that normal state, then we'll maintain the balance for the securities portfolio. Banks typically need to run at maybe around the 10% to 15% liquidity ratio between cash and securities. And so Raymond James Bank is still well above that. And so we'll let those securities run off, and then once they get to that type of range, then we'll maintain the balances. But the point is we're not taking bets on duration, we're not taking bets on where the Fed may or may not take rates. That got a lot of our peers in trouble. And so we want to just stay focused on serving clients and keeping the balance sheet as flexible as possible for anything that the market or the interest rate environment may bring us.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask about the PCG business [indiscernible] you elaborate on how that's performing and contributing across Canada and the U.K. today? I know you've done some acquisitions there over the years. Just curious what you're seeing in terms of organic growth contribution over the past year versus, say, fiscal 2023? And then Canada and the U.K., maybe you could talk a little bit about some of the initiatives there to accelerate organic growth and improve scale and profitability?
Paul Reilly : It's a little bit of tale of two cities for different reasons. But the Private Client Group in Canada is doing great growth in recruiting. When we acquired that business, it was really a capital markets business and with the small PCG business and today, it's a very strong like -- similar to the U.S., really a big capital Private Client Group base continuing to recruit similar profit margins, good growth. Same kind of platforms that we have here in the U.S. where you have AdvisorChoice and they've executed very, very well to where we're really getting to the size of the smallest to the largest banks, which is quite unusual in Canada, but we are up there. We feel like a Canadian firm. They just have a U.S. parent, but they operate very, very well. The U.K., because we've done a recent acquisition are still in integration. The growth has been kind of flat. And that as we get people and systems and everything really hooked together and going through that integration process, the growth is much slower, but we anticipate once we're able to do that and get the integration we expect to be able to grow there, but it's a smaller business too. So, we won't have as big of an impact consolidated.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks. And just on the RCS business, maybe you could help remind us just in terms of the economics there, how that compares to your traditional channel say for $1 billion of assets. Just maybe, you can walk us through the P&L impact across revenue [indiscernible]? Thanks.
Paul Reilly: Yes. What we've disclosed so far, so maybe it's something we covered at Analyst Day or something, we haven't really disclosed in detail, but we really get an asset fee there. So if you looked at pure RIA, the way they measure margins, they're higher margins. If you look at our net on basis points on assets, are lower. So, part of the service model is different too. You don't have all the supervision and compliance requirements that an RIA has those responsibilities or certain things that they do. They are clients of ours, their clients are their clients, they're not our clients. And outside of some AML responsibilities and just oversight to make sure they have a process. There's a lot less cost that goes into it, although, we're a higher service model. So it's not easy to give a quick answer, but it might be something that we can show in more detail at maybe the next Analyst Day.
Michael Cyprys: Just any sense ballpark, directionally PBT margin, revenue ROCA, just how to think about that versus the firm or versus [indiscernible]?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. It's complicated. Again, as Paul said at Analyst and Investor Day, would be a good time to talk about the margin, on a P&L basis is actually higher, because the attachment revenue that you book is much lower whereas in our other businesses, we gross up the revenues pre-payout. And then the ROCA just varies dramatically depending on the asset mix that the RIA has and the pricing structure, because there's different pricing structures depending on the RIA as well. So, we can get probably more time than we have now to discuss, but Analyst and Investor Day is probably the right forum for that.
Michael Cyprys: Great. I look forward to that. Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Great. Well, we appreciate everybody's attendance and we're very proud of the quarter, but we're already working on the next quarter because that's just what we do here. And Butch has done a great job, and we've had a great transition and we'll continue to do that over the next year. So appreciate you joining us and we'll talk to you next call.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Kristie Waugh: Good evening, and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Fiscal 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. I'm Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us. With me on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Paul Shoukry, President and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed today is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to Slide two. Please note that certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, industry or market conditions, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions, and our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, and general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts, and future or conditional verbs such as may, will, could, should, and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in these statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent form 10K and subsequent forms 10Q and forms 8K, which are available on our website. Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Christy, and good evening. Thank you for joining us today. Last week Paul and I attended our Summer Development Conference for our employee advisors. It's exciting to spend time with so many advisors who embody our client first culture. We hear firsthand what makes Raymond James a great place for advisors who value the breadth of our technology and product platform so they can effectively serve their clients, and importantly, a firm that provides advisors the tools they need to grow their businesses. Paul and I appreciate the passion and dedication of the thousands of advisors who continue to serve their clients day-in and day-out. Turning to our quarterly results, we once again delivered strong results in the quarter. Our diverse and complementary business combined to generate record results for the first nine months of the fiscal year. We continue to invest in our businesses, our people, and our technology to help drive growth across all of our businesses. Beginning on slide four, the firm reported record fiscal third quarter net revenues of $3.23 billion, an increase of 11% over the prior year quarter, primarily due to higher asset management and related administrative fees. Quarterly net income available to common shareholders was $491 million, or $2.31 per diluted share. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $508 million, or $2.39 per diluted share. We generated strong returns for the quarter with annualized return on common equity of 17.8% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 21.9%, a great result, particularly given our strong capital base. During the quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares of common stock for $243 million, bringing our fiscal year-to-date total to 5.1 million shares for $600 million. Moving to Slide five, client assets grew to record levels during this quarter, driven by rising equity markets and solid advisor retention and recruiting in PCG. Total client assets under administration increased 2% sequentially to $1.48 trillion. Private client assets and fee-based accounts grew to $821 billion, and financial assets under management to $229 billion. Domestic net new assets during the quarter were $16.5 billion, representing a 5.2% annualized growth rate on the beginning of the period domestic PCG assets. Our robust technology capabilities, client-first values, and long-established multi-affiliation options continue to retain and attract high-quality advisors to the platform. This quarter, we recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels financial advisors with approximately $92 million of trailing month production and $13.4 billion of client assets at their previous firms. Including RCS, we recruited client assets of $14.9 billion, making this our best quarter since 2021 in terms of recruited assets. Fiscal year-to-date, trailing 12-month production of recruited advisors is up 33%, and related client assets are up 52% over the prior nine-month period. These results do not include our RIA and custody services business, RCS, which also continues to have recruiting success and finish the quarter with $167 billion of client assets under administration. We continue to experience growth in RCS from external joins as well as from internal transfers. This quarter, we reported record financial advisors of 8,782, and that does not include internal transfers to RCS of nearly 50 advisors, primarily all from one firm. While transfers to RCS lower the firm's advisor count, the client assets typically remain with the firm. Looking at fiscal year-to-date results, domestic net new assets were $47.7 billion, representing a 5.8% annualized growth rate on the beginning of the period domestic private client group assets, a strong result compared to peer group. Total clients' domestic sweep and enhanced savings program balances ended the quarter at $56.4 billion, down 3% from March of 2024. We are pleased to see cash balances remain relatively flat in the quarter following fee billings paid in April. Bank loans grew 2% over the preceding quarter to a record $45.1 billion, primarily due to higher securities-based loans, as demand for C&I loans remains muted. Moving on to Slide six, private client group generated record quarterly net revenues of $2.42 billion and pre-tax income of $441 million. Year-over-year, results were bolstered by higher PCG assets under administration due to strong equity markets and net new assets brought into the firm. The capital market segment generated quarterly net revenues of $330 million and a pre-tax loss of $14 million. Net revenues grew 20% compared to a year-ago quarter, primarily due to higher debt and equity underwriting revenues. Sequentially, revenues increased 3%, primarily driven by the higher affordable housing investment revenues. Pre-tax loss in capital market segment of $14 million reflects weak M&A results in the impact of amortization of deferred compensation granted in preceding quarters, which totaled approximately $20 million this quarter. While the timing of closings remain difficult to predict, we are still optimistic about our healthy pipeline and new business activity in M&A. We continue to expect investment banking revenues to improve along with industry-wide gradual recovery. The asset management segment generated pre-tax income of $112 million on record net revenues of $265 million. Results were largely attributable to higher financial assets under management compared to the prior year quarter due to market appreciation and net inflows into PCG fee-based accounts. The bank segment generated net revenues of $418 million and pre-tax income of $115 million. The bank segment net interest margin of 2.64% declined just two basis points compared to the preceding quarter. Looking at the fiscal year-to-date results on Slide seven, we generated record net revenues of $9.36 billion and record net income available to common shareholders of $1.46 billion, up 9% and 12% respectively over the previous record set in the prior year. Additionally, we generated strong annualized return on common equity of 18.2% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 22.5% for the nine-month period. On slide eight, the strength of the PCG and asset management segment for the first nine months of the year primarily reflects the strong organic growth in PCG along with robust equity markets. And now, I'll turn the call over to Paul Shoukry for his remarks. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. First, I just want to echo Paul's comments earlier on how great it was to attend our summer development conference last week, as well as our elevate conference earlier in the quarter and visiting several branches over the past few months. We truly have a fantastic group of financial advisors and associates who put their clients first each and every day. Now turning on to Slide 10, consolidated net revenues were a record $3.23 billion in the third quarter, up 11% over the prior year and up 4% sequentially. Asset management and related administrative fees grew to $1.61 billion, representing 17% growth over the prior year and 6% over the preceding quarter. This quarter, PCG domestic fee-based assets increased 3%, which will be a tailwind for asset management and related administrative fees in the fiscal fourth quarter. Brokerage revenues of $532 million grew 15% year-over-year, mostly due to higher brokerage revenues in PCG. I'll discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment banking revenues of $183 million increased 21% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. Compared to the prior year quarter, third quarter results benefited primarily from stronger debt and equity underwriting revenues. However, M&A and advisory revenues remained subdued. Moving to Slide 11, clients domestic cash sweep and enhanced saving program balances ended the quarter at $56.4 billion, down 3% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 4.3% of domestic PCG client assets. So far in the fiscal fourth quarter, domestic cash sweep balances have declined about $1.25 billion, as cash inflows have partially offset quarterly fee billings of approximately $1.5 billion. Turning to Slide 12, combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $672 million, down 2% from the preceding quarter. The bank segment net interest margin was relatively flat at 2.64% for the quarter, while the average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks decreased 18 basis points to 3.41%. The decline in third-party yield was primarily due to a mixed shift towards higher yielding sweep offerings. Based on spot rates at the end of the third quarter and current balances, we would expect NII and RJBDP third-party fees to be flat or perhaps down nominally in the fiscal fourth quarter. But of course, we are always monitoring the competitive environment, which has been notably dynamic in this space over the past few weeks. This guidance does not factor any incremental changes we may make to sweep rates based on these competitive dynamics or other factors. Moving to consolidated expenses on Slide 13, compensation expense was $2.09 billion and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 64.7%. Excluding acquisition-related compensation expenses, the adjusted compensation ratio was 64.4%. Non-compensation expenses of $494 million increased 6% sequentially, largely due to a favorable legal and regulatory net reserve release of $32 million in the preceding quarter that did not recur in the current quarter. Generally, non-compensation expenses grew this quarter, as expected, to support growth across the businesses. For the fiscal year, we still expect non-compensation expenses, excluding provisions for credit losses, unexpected legal and regulatory items, or non-GAAP adjustments to be around $1.9 billion, consistent with our previous guidance. Slide 14 shows a pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. This quarter, we generated a pre-tax margin of 20% and adjusted pre-tax margin of 20.7%, a strong result, especially given the challenging market conditions impacting capital markets. These results are in line with the targets provided at our recent Analyst and Investor Day meeting in May. On Slide 15, at quarter end, our total assets were $80.6 billion, a 1% sequential decrease, as loan growth was offset by declines in cash balances and the continued runoff of the securities portfolio in the bank segment. Liquidity and capital remain very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $2.1 billion, well above our $1.2 billion target. With Tier 1 leverage ratio of 12.7% and total capital ratio of 23.6%, we remain well capitalized. Our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. During the quarter, the firm repurchased 2 million shares of common stock for $243 million at an average price of $122 per share. As of July 19, 2024, approximately $945 million remained under the board's approved common stock repurchase authorization. Going forward, we expect to continue to offset share-based compensation dilution and to be opportunistic with incremental repurchases. Given our present capital and liquidity levels, we currently expect to increase the pace of buyback activity, as we are committed to maintaining capital levels in line with our stated targets. Lastly, on slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for our bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and Tri-State Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio is solid. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.15%, down from 1.21% in the preceding quarter. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1%. The allowance percentage has trended lower, largely due to a loan mix shift towards more securities-based loans and residential mortgages, which account for 34% and 20% of the total loan portfolio, respectively. The bank loan allowance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percentage of corporate loans held for investment was 2% at the quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve, but we continue to closely monitor economic factors that may impact our loan portfolios. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. I am pleased with our strong results this quarter, and looking forward we are well-positioned with record levels of assets and bank loans starting off the fiscal fourth quarter. And while there is still economic uncertainty, I believe we are in a position of strength to drive growth over the long term across all of our businesses. In the private client group, next quarter's results will be positively impacted by the 3% sequential increase of assets and fee-based accounts. Our advisor recruiting activity remains robust, and I am encouraged by a record number of large teams in the pipeline. We are focused on being a destination of choice for current and prospective advisors, which we believe over the long-term should continue to drive industry-leading growth. In the capital market segment, we continue to have a healthy M&A pipeline and good engagement levels. But our expectations are for a gradual recovery and are heavily influenced by market conditions, and we expect activity to pick up over the next few quarters. And in the fixed income business, although we've seen some improvement in depository, results are still lagging historical levels. Depository clients continue to experience flat to declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on the brokerage activity. We hope once rates and cash balances begin to stabilize and grow, we will start to see an improvement. Overall, despite some near-term headwinds, we believe the investments we've made in the capital markets business have us well-positioned for growth once the market and the rate environment become conducive. In asset management segment, we remain confident that strong growth of assets and fee-based accounts in the private client group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James Investment Management to help drive further growth over time. In the bank segment, we remain focused on fortifying the balance sheet with diverse funding sources and prudently growing assets to support client demand. We have seen securities-based loan payoffs decelerate and demand for these loans increase as clients get more comfortable at the current level of rates. Corporate growth has been muted as market activity remains low. However, with ample client cash balances in capital, we are well-positioned to lend once activity increases within our conservative risk parameters. In addition to driving organic growth across our businesses, we also remain focused on corporate development efforts. While we prefer to deploy capital through M&A, we plan to increase the pace of buybacks as we continue to look for opportunities that may meet our disciplined M&A parameters. I expect you have several questions related to the industry news regarding cash sweep changes that have occurred over the past few weeks. We have been monitoring these emerging developments closely like you have, and frankly probably have some of the same questions. We are prepared to attempt to answer any questions you may have. In closing, we are well-positioned entering the fourth quarter with strong competitive positioning in all of our businesses and solid capital and liquidity base to invest in future growth. I want to thank our advisors and all of our associates for their continued dedication to providing excellent service to their clients. Thanks for all you do. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cho with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael Cho: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for thinking my question. I will go ahead and start with a regulatory piece. Paul, you mentioned, you talked through the interesting comment in RJBDP, kind of doesn't include potential considerations to maybe changes in rates on sweep cash. You mentioned competition. Again, how would you characterize the current changes in the competitive environment from your view, from your seat? And is there a way to frame the magnitude or even type of response by running a game, whether it's either competition or regulatory on the spot? Thanks.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, let me start. The other Paul, the two Pauls here, but let me start by saying first. People are talking about, well, what's the difference to this program, that program? Our sweep programs are very, very different. So I want to set a stage first that if you look at our sweep programs, we offer from 25 to 300 basis points, the programs that people have been talking about offer one basis point to 50 basis points. So we start off with a whole different value proposition. We have $3 million of FDIC per individual or $6 million joint in the sweep. We have also in our programs, very competitive money market funds or institutional class available to everyone irrespective of the size of investments. And you can see how those have grown dramatically. We have enhanced savings program, again, offering high rates and up to $50 million of FDIC insurance, which you've also seen grow. And our advisors and clients, if you look at the shift, have taken appropriate actions to invest the money. So I don't know what's happening in some of the other programs. I can tell you ours are well thought through, we think are very compliant. And as we look at the announcements and changes, they're not very specific yet, right? So we've prided ourselves, subject to criticism, even from this group, maybe at times for having such high sweep rates. But we've done it because we believe both it's the right thing to do. And it's regulatory, that was compliant with what we understand. So we're going to have to look at movements and each of the movements have been a little different. We don't know totally what they apply to. So, we don't see anything that we know of today that's forcing us to change rates, but we meet weekly and we're going to be competitive. So if the competitive landscape of rates change, we have to be competitive both for our advisors and our clients. So that was more of an unknown comment, Paul saying, if things happen, we're going to adjust. But as of today, we're looking at stuff, but with no current plans.
Michael Cho: Okay, great. No, thanks for the clarification and some of the thoughts there. I guess just for my second question, I just want to zoom out and ask a broader business question and kind of trajectory for Raymond James ahead. I mean, as you talk through you continue to hit record assets, record revenue, record bank loans, and I realize you have some margin targets out there for the broader company. And clearly there's some aspects and nuances happening in real time as you just talked through Paul. But I'm just curious, how would you frame the trajectory for operating leverage in the business, as this backdrop continues to reach record levels for Raymond James despite maybe some rate normalization ahead?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think that, you know, the operating leverage, as we grow assets, we believe we can accomplish it. There were, you know, a number of factors. We certainly have the whole industry has had a strong equity market, maybe until the last week or two, but in cash spreads have also continued to support the businesses. But we believe that as we grow, and especially our use of technology in the back office, and I know that's one of Paul's keys focus as we transition over this next year to double down on that, we believe we can get operating leverage and still be able to keep our very high levels of support. So our advisors and our latest survey gave us 95% satisfaction rate, almost 60% net promoter score on service. So we believe that's a hallmark, but we believe with technology, we can make it better and easier for them as we continue to spend more money on that part of the service and the reason better service, but also much better leverage.
Michael Cho: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP. Your line is open.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good afternoon, Paul and Paul, how are you?
Paul Reilly: Good, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Good. I'll ask another one on the advisory cash rates. Sounds like some of what's going on in the industry is news to you guys as well as you're following along. And so, I guess just what I'd love to know if you can, like what percentage of fee-based accounts is in cash at the kind of the lowest rates? And then, just also trying to understand competitive reasons that could drive kind of a change in your thinking, because obviously one of the firms that's moved, you made their changes in April, which I'm assuming you guys probably, as you evaluate frequently, you probably saw that then. So just trying to think about what else could competitively change your view, especially now that the vast majority, if not all of the yield seeking cash has already been moved on to those higher yielding alternatives for customers as advisors should have already done?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So if you look at our advisory, sweeps, we'll just focus on those. It's about 2.5% of those assets are in cash and to us that's frictional cash. You can't find an institutional portfolio or anyone that doesn't have some cash in it at those levels for trading, for paying fees, for whatever you do in them. So we view that as frictional or spending cash. The average cash amount in those accounts are $8900. I mean, so I don't know where you go to a bank and get kind of our sweep rates at that amount of cash. So the other thing, if you look at those accounts and you can tell the shift, because before rates started moving, it was just cash in those accounts. Total money markets, CDs and treasuries are 22,600 for those accounts. I'm sorry, the money markets, CDs, treasuries combined are 22,600 in the account. So you can see it's much more invested, certainly on higher yield instruments. So, we believe that at $8900 [ph], 2.5%, that's a very low rate of cash to have sitting for transactions. So, we think it's, you know, we're putting clients money to work with those numbers.
Devin Ryan: Right. Exactly. So I guess that's kind of my, I guess the root of the question that you've already seen that move. It’s a very small amount that you are playing a higher rate than some other programs, as you mentioned already. So competitively from here, we don't know exactly every action that's happened, but just the catalyst to actually make meaningful change after you're already in the position that you're in as you just described, Paul?
Paul Reilly: I think the forces that could be happening if there was a squeeze on cash in the industry, where would you get the cash? You would offer higher rates to get it out of treasuries and money market funds and whatever. I think that cash has seemed to have stabilized pretty much everywhere. Starting to anyway, who knows where that goes? We have a very clear buffer still for operating our business. But I think a demand for cash or if rates go up, you start to see, that would pressure. But if rates go down and there's plenty of cash, I don't see what really squeezes that outside of following the market as rates fall. So I don't see anything else barring some unusual thing in the industry.
Devin Ryan: Yes. Okay. Very helpful. Thank you, Paul. And then just a quick follow-up on the loan growth and really nice to see that, I guess, securities-based loan demand that you guys referenced. And just curious if that's something that, just as you're kind of maybe seeing a shift in appetite and people's comfort with where rates are, if that's something that you'd expect would continue -- can that continue to fuel loan growth? I guess is the root of the question.
Paul Shoukry: Hey, Devin, Paul Shoukry here. The securities-based loan growth during the quarter, as you point out, was really nice to see. And I think it was due to one, payoffs and paydowns really decelerating since rates started rising. That was a big drag on loan growth in the SBL portfolio. So that has subsided, and also in borrowers and clients getting used to the new levels of rates. So that's also been -- they're tapping into their lines and borrowing more from their SBL. So we're cautiously optimistic that trend could continue going forward. And long-term, as you know, we're very bullish on the prospects for growth and securities-based loans. We think it's a very attractive product for clients. And we knew that there'd be some headwinds as rapidly as rates have risen, that there'd be some headwinds as clients get used to the higher level of rates. But going forward, we're growing more optimistic that we'll continue seeing growth in that portfolio.
Devin Ryan: All right. Thanks so much.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good evening, Paul and Paul. So one is -- this is a bit of a nitty-gritty question just on the same topic of advisory sweeps. One, there's been some speculation that at least one wirehouse peer may have some regulatory scrutiny of cash disclosure, it's disclosed in the filings. So we and others are admittedly scrutinizing some of these cash disclosures much more closely. Your disclosures note that Raymond James shares a portion of the revenue from sweep options with the advisor. So admittedly, you're a firm with a long standing reputation for putting clients first. But as conflicts are scrutinized more closely, is there a concern that that method for which advisors are compensated does create some inherent conflict? And how should we think about that in terms of the go forward?
Paul Reilly: No, that's a great question. And let me explain the disclosure first. So on advisory accounts, cash has no different payment in terms of the advisor than any other asset class. So if they have a million dollar account and they're charging 1%, they're getting $10,000 in fees. If there's zero cash in there, they're getting $10,000 in fees. If there's 5% cash, they're getting $10,000 in fees. There's no indirect incentives and trips or rewards or points or anything. There is zero incentive in advisory account to do anything but what's in the best interest of your client. And I assure you, there's nothing from home office that even asks them about it, where we've been known and continued, advisors should be doing the right things for their clients. And of course, we have supervision, making sure it doesn't go the other way. But you know, we have a great group of advisors and by the movements, they're doing what they should be doing. The disclosure really talks about some limited things and the brokerage side. And let me explain that one that we've had some fundraising programs like the ESP program, where for high rate money market types of rates that we've allowed advisors to be compensated in those programs, they are not compensated a penny on the sweeps. So the only incentive that they have is to go -- is to put clients for compensation into higher rate accounts. They have zero compensation on the low rate accounts. So brokerages be like dropping a ticket into some of their investment if they put it into those high rate accounts. They're doing the right thing for clients, it costs us more money. So we don't believe there's any conflict whatsoever. But the fact that we've done that in limited cases. We put that disclosure in, to cover that. And regulatory wise, they like it very clear that instead of you could pay that you are paying, but it's been a very nuanced circumstance. But again, it's all for the very high rated, quite high rate types of programs.
Steven Chubak: No, that's really helpful, very fulsome response, Paul, so thank you. One point I just wanted to clarify, because you specifically mentioned it's not part of the advisor program, which is consistent with what we saw too. But it also notes that you don't share comp directly with the financial advisor, but the aggregate amount of cash gets credit to the overall payout rate and can cause your FA to receive higher comp on transactions and other unrelated activities. It's vague, I don't know what those activities could be, but if you could provide some context around that as well, just give in the focus on this issue?
Paul Reilly: Yes, when you're looking at the focus on cash, that's the only thing I can imagine, that's the only thing where there's compensation at all for cash directly or indirectly. It's just on those very small investment vehicles like ESP that we've put into brokerage. And that's it. I mean, there is no other -- advisors have opportunities on asset growth and net new assets, but it has nothing to do with cash. I mean, if they bring in net new assets, we have a net new asset program that can benefit advisors, but it's nothing -- it's not centered on cash.
Steven Chubak: All right, I understand. That's very helpful, color. If I could just squeeze in one more quickly, just Paul Shoukry, on the flat spread revenue guide was a bit better than we had anticipated, so certainly nice to hear. I was just hoping you can unpack some of the factors to support the flat spread revenue quarter on quarter, just given there's been some upward pressure on funding costs, tail end of sorting, but still some incremental sorting, however modest. So I was hoping you could provide some context on what some of the key assumptions are underpinning that?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. So kind of offsetting some of the funding cost pressures that you're describing there is a loan growth that we experienced throughout the quarter and the continued asset growth that we would hope to experience going forward, so that's, we said flat or maybe down nominally, but that's what's driving that guidance.
Steven Chubak: Perfect, that's great color. Thanks for taking my questions.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good evening. I guess one more question on this, just in terms of the competitive backdrop. Does your evaluation period, does this imply that you need to see additional changes across the industry for you to potentially react, or are you still digesting these most recent moves and need to get more color on what they exactly were?
Paul Reilly: I think are we digesting? Sure, we're watching, but I mean, I don't. Again, we don't anticipate anything. We, you know, as you learn things, you might make tweaks here or there, but we're just going to have to see what plays out as what we know today. But we'll talk about it in our next cash meeting, but we have no plans going in to make changes at this point, but that doesn't mean we won't.
Dan Fannon: Understood. And then just in terms of the backlog around recruiting, you mentioned record backlog of large teams, that's a comment I think you've been making for several quarters. So just curious if there's additional context thinking, given the strong net new assets in the quarter, the funding, kind of bring onboarding that you're seeing versus the replenishment of that backlog, if there's any other additional color that would be helpful?
Paul Reilly: Yes, we've been, the recruiting is actually backlog has been picking up. It's extremely strong. I've said the last few quarters, we're not surprised by it anymore, but we were surprised the large number of $5 million, $10 million, even $20 million teams. It's continuing and we continue to get new ones, both joining, committed and in the pipeline that I think we're competing very, very well for. So the recruiting activity remains strong and we're still very optimistic on it. And I think we're we don't see anything right now that's slowing down the pace, so that's been really good news for us.
Dan Fannon: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is open.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning, Paul and Paul. Sorry. Good afternoon. It's been a rather long day. Sorry about that. I'm going to I'm going to start with another question somewhat related to this sweep. Is it possible for you to identify what portion of your advisory assets or the advisory assets, I should say, on the Ray J platform where Ray J is considered a fiduciary?
Paul Reilly: There's so many words. There's so many terms in fiduciary, right? There's a risk of fiduciary, there's best interest, there's, you know, and they all have different responsibilities and rules and everything else. So I don't know the best number we could give.
Paul Shoukry: I mean, what we could say is that within fee-based, all fee-based accounts, we have about $15 billion of cash sweep balances and that excludes the custody business. And then, within that, to Paul's point, it's very, there's some risk of fiduciary, there's some other types of programs within that, but that's all fee-based accounts.
Brennan Hawken: Okay.
Paul Reilly: And some of those are firm managed, some of them are advisors with discretion and there's some with advisors without discretion where they have to clear everything with a client. So, they -- so but that's the total number if you looked at it.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. The 15 million is the sweep in the sum of all of those accounts.
Paul Reilly: Yes. And again, almost the average on those accounts is $8900 and 2.5%. So it's not -- it's really the residual cash residing on average in those sweeps in those accounts.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, net new assets was pretty decent actually this quarter. Was curious whether you guys flagged the OSJ as a as a pending headwind. And I apologize if you touched on this and I missed it. But did that event that you flagged at the Investor Day come to pass? And what was the size of that as far as a net new asset impact?
Paul Reilly: No, we anticipate one coming. It's probably in the next quarter. So that's the one we've been talking about. But it hasn't happened. It'd be nice if it didn't. But we anticipate it will still happen. That's the one we wanted to flag. But it has not happened yet.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. Okay. So that's coming likely in the coming quarter?
Paul Reilly: Yes, the fourth calendar quarter.
Brennan Hawken: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good evening. Maybe a question on the third-party bank sweep yields falling by 18 basis points sequentially and about 25 basis points over the last two quarters. Just wondering if you could clarify, are there any changes made to rates or tiers that partially drove that. And also clarify what's driving this in terms of mix shift towards the higher yield sweep offerings? Is that simply a shift of cash towards higher balance tiers or is there something else driving the negative mix shift?
Paul Shoukry: Hey, Kyle. Yes, a lot of that is initiatives that we run where we offer kind of a higher rate for new cash that comes into the sweep program to the firm and/or maturities from money market funds, treasuries, and those type of things where clients want the functionality of the sweep program, but want a comparable rate to move over and benefit from the FDIC insurance and the availability of the cash in the sweep program. So as we've kind of implemented those initiatives, we've been able to effectively bring over cash from those sources through the quarter, which while it increases the average cost of the funding, it increases also the amount of funding that we have and it's still net attractive. So it's really a win-win-win initiative that we've put into place in the sweep programs.
Kyle Voigt: Okay. Is there any way to quantify the percentage of those third-party sweeps that are in the newer or high yield or the money market fund kind of equivalent yield program?
Paul Shoukry: I think now it's roughly somewhere in the 15% to 20% range of the total sweep balances that are in those type of programs.
Kyle Voigt: Understood. Okay, thank you. And then just as a follow-up, just on repurchases, you mentioned your desire to increase the pace of repurchases from here. You executed on about 240 million repurchases in the prior quarter. Should we think about that ramping to 300 or 350? Any way you can quantify the increase in that pace moving forward?
Paul Shoukry: We're not programmatic, so we're not going to give you a hard number. A lot of factors play into it in terms of the sources and uses of cash and capital. But yes, we definitely intend on increasing the pace from 243, which I know was higher than many people expected even during this past quarter. But we have lots of capital, lots of cash, and we remain committed to keeping that within our targets over a reasonable period of time.
Paul Reilly: As we said, if we couldn't find the -- we're still looking at M&A activity. It's our preferred, but if we couldn't find it, we'd return it. We haven't been able to find them yet, so we're going to start being more aggressive on returning to keep the capital ratios back where we think they should be.
Kyle Voigt: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. I do want to pick up on that last question. So, either you, Paul and thank you both. Just in terms of the commentary of reality, maybe to a little bit more buyback, is the deal pipeline at the strategic level, is it just less fulsome? Is it just harder to make the economics work? Is anything shifting in the backdrop here that sort of pushes out that opportunity? And relatedly, if a deal were to come back, would you then forego or truncate the underlying buyback? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: I think the, you know, very active, there's reasonable opportunities. Some are pricey. But for us, it's the right culture fit and integration and frankly, we're, as you can see by this quarter, in the last few, our earnings are very, very strong. So, this capital ratio tweaks up, we want to get it back in a proper range. So we think we can still be a lot more aggressive on the buybacks and still have the ample capital if something happens. So it's just saying, we don't expect anything of a size that there's no reason not to be more aggressive on returning it to shareholders.
Bill Katz: Okay. Just to clarify, is 10% still the appropriate Tier 1 leverage ratio guidepost, as you think about sort of getting back to sort of normal capital ratios?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, 10% still our target right now for Tier 1 leverage.
Bill Katz: Great, terrific. And then sort of second question, just going back to your outlook for the stable NII and cash sweep dynamics. How should we think about any residual adverse mix shift into some of these higher fee products? And is there any leakage here that existing customers that are not necessarily bringing new money in, but would look at that and say, hey, why can't I get that kind of rate and sort of put a little more downward pressure on the net yield? And maybe the other way I'd like to ask the question is, sorry to nest it here so much, but what is now the net rate the client is ultimately getting here on the cash sweep? Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. So we offer, our grid starts, as Paul said, from 25 basis points, goes all the way up to 3% on the cash sweep program, and you know, there has been some migration and mix shift to the higher yielding programs and initiatives that we've offered, which are actually closer to 5%. And so, what all of this is happening, what hasn't really been there for the us or the industry is loan growth. And that's actually impacted our capital ratios as well, because our earnings have been very strong, but the loan growth across the industry has been muted. So that's ultimately the driver of both NIM and more importantly, net interest income, which actually impacts the bottom line, will be driven by loan growth, which will drive higher yields and higher earnings overall. And so that's kind of what we're as an industry waiting for. We started seeing some improvement on the SBL side, and we're optimistic that with more corporate activity, we'll start seeing more activity on the corporate side eventually as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
James Mitchell: Hey, good morning. Good afternoon. Sorry. Just maybe, Paul, can you talk about deposit betas in the face of rate cuts? How do you at least think your asset sensitivity would look in the first 100 basis points? Can you kind of almost get a one for one offset or how are you thinking about betas?
Paul Shoukry: It'll largely depend on the competitive environment. But because we have been generous in passing rates to clients and through these other programs that have near money market fund rates like Enhanced Savings Program, et cetera, that we should have a lot of sensitivity to the downside as well in both the asset and on the funding side of things. So, we do feel like we have an ample amount of cushion. But again, it'll depend on the competitive environment and the demand for cash across the industry as rates go down.
Paul Reilly: Yes. If you're in a suite -- if you have a suite program, it's one to 50 basis points. You get a 50 basis point drop over two cycles. It's kind of hard to respond. We have plenty of room in ours and still be very competitive in the market today.
James Mitchell: Right. So, so, Paul, when you think about next year and we think about the forward curve on Fed funds, kind of a gradual, say, 150 bps, it seems like you guys might hold up a little bit better, especially if loan growth picks up and you still have some repricing in the securities portfolio, right, because the yields are still pretty low there. You put all that together, do you, I mean, I know there's competitive pricing, but do you feel like you guys can hold in there pretty well next year on NII?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, putting aside whether I believe the forward curve or not.
James Mitchell: Right, fair enough.
Paul Shoukry: We've generated record results now for the last three years and three quarters. And those were in very different interest rate environments. And so, we are confident in our ability to perform very well in any kind of interest rate environment, because we have diversified and complementary businesses. So, for example, lower interest rates, at least in the last cycle, certainly supported our M&A business and our fixed income business and supported loan growth. We had records, securities based loan growth, during the COVID period because partly due to the lower rates. So there's different things that benefit us in different rate environments. But to your point, on a relative basis, because we have been so generous in passing on the rates to our clients and offering these other programs, we feel like we're relatively well-positioned on that front as well.
James Mitchell: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just circling back to the industry conversation on the movement in sweeps, just curious more broadly how you see potential scope maybe over time for an evolution in the way customers pay for services and a way from cash sweep. Just curious what other ways over time could you envision 10, 20, some years in the future, potentially in some hypothetical scenario where customers pay differently for services. And how one -- how might one still capture economics for the services they provide? What other ways might you be able to capture value?
Paul Reilly: Yes, well, I guess there's so many ways, it's hard to tell, right? A big source of growth and income used to be, can be one fees and other things and they've become less of a factor over time. Certainly asset based fees, if you look at how they price versus the broker dealers. Asset based pricing is becoming more common. There's all sorts of ways and part of that depends on regulatory. You could have performance fees. You could have -- I think it's hard to tell where it evolves. I think in the business, I don't know, people talked about consulting fees or hourly rates. I don't think anyone likes a lawyer or accountant's bill when they spell out hours. So I don't think it will go there, especially given the value of the relationship with an advisor where they -- it's -- it's everyone always thinks about the investment part. And that that is part of it. But a lot of it is really the advice, the family advisors. And they've become a big part of the lives of clients. So there's all sorts of stuff that they change anyway over time. Maybe it'll get more asset based. We certainly have countries that the UK, Australia, where it's just direct charges, the clients have to be in fees. So it's very clear. It could evolve all sorts of ways. But it's a very competitive, mature industry. And I think that people will find a way to adjust. We've had to adjust through zero interest rates and high interest rates and all sorts of things. And we've kind of adjusted as we've gone along. So 10 years out in our industry seems like forever. Maybe it's because I'm old and Paul has to worry about it.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks for that. And just a follow-up question more broadly on cash sorting and cash sweep balances. Just curious how close you think we are to bottom and eventually starting to see that grow again. What catalysts do you see on the horizon that might get us there? And how might the recent evolving competitive backdrop in industry discussions here and debates on sweep rate, how might that impact cash sweep balance? It's just given the heightened focus and attention that it's getting?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean, we continue to believe that we're closer to the end of the sorting cycle than the beginning. And some of the metrics that Paul discussed just in the fee-based accounts, having $8,900 of cash sweeps per account, whereas we have $22,600 of money market funds, CDs and treasuries. A lot of these clients, to the extent they had investable cash balances, have been invested in the higher yielding alternatives. As we've always said since the very beginning, and we're one of the first, if not the first, to say it, we're not going to declare the end of the trend until we have several quarters of history to look back on and start seeing growth in the cash balances. And ultimately, that growth will come from the stabilization of the runoff and the migration and the growth of -- the continued growth, which we've had phenomenal growth of client assets. And as we retain, recruit advisors and those advisors bring on more client assets, there'll be cash associated with that, and that ultimately will drive the growth and the balances.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So appreciate all the detail, and obviously it's a dynamic backdrop, so we're all kind of navigating it and learning from it. So appreciate that there's still a ton of unknowns there. But I guess as you think about that $15 billion sweep number that you provided, and I think most of us understand that it is fairly small and it's largely operational. But I guess at the heart of the question, what we're all kind of trying to figure out is why is transactional or operational cash, albeit small on a per-account basis, but it's still part of the advisory relationship would be treated differently under the fiduciary standard of Reg BI, and why wouldn't that cash balance, again, albeit small, still receive some of the higher yields that are available out there?
Paul Reilly: Well, I guess, my quick answer would be, what do you get on your checking account, right? There's a cost to having it on the platform. There's a cost to servicing it. It's transactional, so it has more transactions, so there's a cost. I mean, if the standard for BI is you have to pay a rate that's way uneconomic to operate a business, I don't know what that means. I don't think that is the standard under BI. It's put clients first and be fair and take their interests at heart first. And I think that transactional cash, at 25 basis points, it's a lot more than you're going to get on your checking account, is very reasonable. So I mean, there may be disagreements. I think a standard like that is, I wouldn't understand how you can come up with that.
Alex Blostein: So I guess the difference is the checking account is not a fiduciary relationship versus this seems to be one. And I guess that's where the disconnect comes in and what could be the outcome?
Paul Reilly: There are a lot of fiduciary accounts, I agree, that you look at institutional asset managers, they have a fiduciary relationship, but they don't have zero cash in their portfolios. I mean, so if you want to benchmark it to other fiduciary relationships of this type of investments, it would be a real outlier to say, all that cash has to be 100% invested because it's not reality, the way accounts work. That would say we have to not only sort the cost, so we'd have to fund the transactions because there wouldn't be cash in the account or sell out securities in order to fund these transactions or other things. I mean, I think that, to me that's not a reasonable standard.
Alex Blostein: Got you. All right, understood. All right, my quick follow-up, Paul, the other Paul, back to the discussion around third-party bank sweep and the rate changes and the migration that you've seen there. Do you expect that to be largely done or there could be still some mix shift where some of the larger account balances will kind of push that yield a little bit lower? And to what extent, I guess, is that if it all incorporated in your sort of flattish cash revenue trajectory for next quarter versus this quarter?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, well, we have, I mean, the initiative itself, we have some levers on and around, largely rate, right? So to the extent that we want to continue bringing in cash from the outside, rate is a big lever. We actually just announced that we're reducing the rate on the high-yield portion of the program that brings in the new cash from the outside, because we have pretty big buffers now with over $17 billion of cash swept to third-party banks that we can reposition and bring on to fund our own bank over time. So, it really just depends on how much of the initiative that we want to continue to pull in that we actually, again, just announced that we're reducing the rate. It's still very attractive, higher than 5%. But we're not going to, again, declare completion of any type of trend until we have several quarters of history. Otherwise, it's just speculation.
Alex Blostein: I got you. Sorry, in the reduction on the, was that ESP or was that the program that sits within third-party bank sweep?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, that's the sweep initiative. That's right.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Okay. All right. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Paul Shoukry: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call to Paul Reilly for closing remarks.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well, I appreciate all the questions and you're on the call. I want to remind everybody we had a very good quarter, but I understand all the questions and cash sweeps. So, appreciate. Hope we were helpful in all of our responses and thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Kristina Waugh: Good evening, and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Fiscal 2024 Second Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. I'm Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us. 
 With me on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, President and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed today is available on Raymond James' Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions.
 Calling your attention to Slide 2. Please note, certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, industry or market conditions, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, and general economic conditions.
 In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future or conditional verbs such as may, will, could, should and would as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
 Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in these statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Form 8-K, which are available on our website.
 Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul? 
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Kristie. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Once again, we delivered strong results in the quarter. Highlighting our diversified platform, we generated record results for the fiscal second quarter and the first 6 months of the fiscal year. We continue to invest in our business, our people and technology to help drive growth across all our businesses.
 Before discussing quarterly results, I want to highlight an important announcement made last month. Following a multiyear succession planning process, the Board of Directors appointed Paul Shoukry, our CFO, as President of Raymond James. And following a transition period, Paul is expected to become the firm's CEO sometime during the fiscal year 2025, becoming only the fourth Chief Executive in the company's 60-plus-year history.
 Paul has been an exceptional leader and a major contributor to Raymond James' steady growth and financial stability. I am confident he will continue to guide the firm with the same conservative, long-term approach and laser focus on our advisors and client-first culture that has helped shape our success over the many years.
 In addition, we're proud to announce that other key leadership appointments to take effect October 1, 2024. Private Client Group President, Scott Curtis, will become COO of Raymond James Financial, moving into the role following the retirement of Jeff Dowdle at the end of the fiscal year; Tash Elwyn, current Raymond James & Associates CEO will become President of PCG; and Global Equities and Investment Banking President, Jim Bunn, will become President of the Capital Markets segment.
 These expanded roles are a direct reflection of the significant leadership and contributions that Scott, Tash and Jim have made over the years. I am confident, along with Paul, they will continue delivering on our mission to help clients achieve their financial objectives.
 Now to review the second quarter results, starting on Slide 5 (sic) [ Slide 4 ]. The firm reported record quarterly net revenues of $3.12 billion, an increase of 9% over the preceding year quarter, primarily due to higher asset-based revenues. Quarterly net income available to common shareholders was $474 million or $2.22 per diluted share. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $494 million or $2.31 per diluted share.
 The quarter included the favorable impact of a legal and regulatory net reserve release of $32 million, predominantly driven by a reduction in the reserve related to the FCC off-platform communications matter.
 We generated strong returns for the quarter with annualized return on common equity of 17.5% and annualized adjusted returns on tangible common equity of 21.8%, a great result, particularly given our strong capital base.
 Moving on to Slide 5. Client assets grew to record levels during the quarter, driven by rising equity markets and solid advisor retention and recruiting in the Private Client Group. Total client assets under administration increased 6% sequentially to $1.45 trillion. Private Client Group assets and fee-based accounts grew to $799 billion and financial assets under management reached $227 billion. Domestic net new assets were $9.6 billion, representing a 3.2% annualized growth rate on the beginning of the period domestic Private Client Group assets.
 This quarter does reflect some seasonality typical in the first calendar quarter. And as we've seen before, net new assets can be volatile quarter-to-quarter as we onboard newly-recruited advisors and have advisors retire or leave the platform from time to time.
 With our robust technology capabilities, client-first values and long-time multiple affiliated options, PCG continues to attract high-quality advisors to the platform.
 For example, during the quarter, we recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels, financial advisors with approximately $80 million of trailing 12-month production and $12.8 billion of client assets at their previous firm. Fiscal year-to-date, trailing 12-month production of recruited advisors is up 45% and related assets up 77% over the prior 6-month period.
 There is a lag between recruiting results and net new assets as it takes some time for clients to transition to the Raymond James platform, but we are encouraged by the recruiting success so far this fiscal year. And these results do not include our RIA & Custody Services business which also continues to have recruiting success, and finished the quarter with $161 billion of client assets under administration.
 Looking to our fiscal year-to-date results, domestic net new assets were $31.2 billion, representing a 5.7% annualized growth rate on the beginning of period domestic PCG assets, a strong result compared to our peers.
 Total clients' domestic cash sweep and Enhanced Savings Program balances ended the quarter at $58.2 billion, up slightly over December 2023.
 Bank loans were essentially flat from the preceding quarter at $44.1 billion as loan demand remains relatively muted given higher rates.
 Moving on to Slide 6. Private Client Group generated record quarterly net revenues of $2.34 billion and pretax income of $444 million. Year-over-year results were driven by higher asset management fees, reflecting the nearly 20% growth of assets in fee-based accounts at the beginning of the current quarter, compared with the same prior year period.
 The Capital Markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $321 million and a pretax loss of $17 million. Net revenues grew 6% compared to a year ago quarter primarily due to higher M&A and debt underwriting revenues. Sequentially, revenues declined 5% due to lower fixed income brokerage revenues and M&A and advisory revenues, partially offset by higher debt underwriting revenues.
 The pretax loss in Capital Markets of $17 million reflects the impact of amortization of deferred compensation granted in proceeding periods which totaled $20 million this quarter.
 While the timing of closings remains difficult to predict, we are encouraged by the healthy pipelines and new business activity in M&A. We continue to expect investment banking revenues to improve along with the industry-wide gradual recovery.
 The Asset Management segment generated pretax income of $100 million on record net revenues of $252 million. Results were largely attributable to higher financial assets under management compared to the prior year quarter due to market appreciation and net inflows into PCG fee-based accounts.
 The Bank segment generated net revenues of $424 million and pretax income of $75 million. Bank segment net interest margin of 2.66% declined 8 basis points compared to the preceding quarter primarily due to the higher cost mix of deposits as the Enhanced Savings Program balances replaced a portion of the lower-cost RJBDP cash suite balances.
 Looking to the fiscal year-end date results on Slide 7. We generated record net revenues of $6.13 billion, and record net income available to common shareholders of $971 million, up 8% and 4%, respectively, over the prior year's record. Additionally, we generated strong annualized return on common equity of 18.3% and an annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 22.8% for the 6-month period.
 On Slide 8, the strength of the PCG and Asset Management segment for the first half of the year primarily reflects the strong organic growth in PCG with robust equity markets.
 And now I'll turn over to Paul Shoukry, our CFO; and soon to be CEO for the second quarter results. Paul? 
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. Starting on Slide 10. Consolidated net revenues were $3.12 billion in the second quarter, up 9% over the prior year and up 3% sequentially.
 Asset management and related administrative fees grew to $1.52 billion, representing 16% growth over the prior year and 8% over the preceding quarter.
 This quarter, PCG fee-based assets increased 7%, which will be a strong tailwind for asset management and related administrative fees in the fiscal first quarter.
 Brokerage revenues of $528 million grew 6% year-over-year, mostly due to higher brokerage revenues in PCG which were partially offset by lower fixed income brokerage revenues as depository clients continue to experience flat to declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities.
 Remember, in our Fixed Income business, we do not have the same exposure to the higher volatility, currency and credit products that have benefited many of the larger players in our industry during the quarter. I'll discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly.
 Investment Banking revenues of $179 million increased 16% year-over-year and declined 1% sequentially. Compared to the prior year quarter, second quarter results benefited from stronger debt underwriting revenues in both fixed income and public finance as well as improvement in M&A and advisory revenues which continued to be subdued.
 Moving to Slide 11. Clients' domestic cash sweep and Enhanced Savings Program balances ended the quarter at $58.2 billion, up slightly over the preceding quarter and representing 4.6% of domestic PCG client assets. Sweep balances were essentially flat and ESP balances increased 3% sequentially, both outperforming our expectations on the last call.
 Since the beginning of this quarter, domestic cash sweep balances have declined about $1.7 billion mostly due to quarterly fee billings, along with income tax payments.
 Turning to Slide 12. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $689 million, down 1% from the preceding quarter, largely reflecting one fewer billable day. Again, this result outperformed our guidance on last quarter's call, given the more stable client cash balances.
 Going forward, net interest income and RJBDP third-party fees will largely be dependent on the level of short-term interest rates, the stability of client cash balances and the trajectory of loan growth which has been subdued in this rate environment. Fortunately, we are well positioned for the eventual recovery in loan growth with ample capital and funding flexibility.
 Moving to consolidated expenses on Slide 13. Compensation expense was $2.04 billion, and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 65.5%. Excluding acquisition-related compensation expenses, the adjusted compensation ratio was 65.2%.
 As is typical in the first calendar quarter, compensation expenses were impacted by annual salary increases and the reset of payroll taxes. All in, an adjusted compensation ratio close to 65% is in line with our current target and is a satisfactory result given the challenging environment for the Capital Markets segment.
 Non-compensation expenses of $466 million increased 1% sequentially, largely due to higher communications and information processing expenses and a higher bank loan loss provision, which were partially offset by a favorable legal and regulatory net reserve release of $32 million in the quarter, which Paul mentioned earlier.
 For the fiscal year, we still expect non-compensation expenses, excluding provision for credit losses, unexpected legal and regulatory items or non-GAAP adjustments to be around $1.9 billion. This implies incremental non-compensation growth throughout the year as we continue to invest in growth and ensure high service levels for advisors and their clients throughout our businesses.
 Keep in mind, many of our non-compensation expenses, such as investment sub-advisory fees, represent healthy growth that follows the corresponding revenue growth.
 Slide 14 shows the pretax margin trend over the past 5 quarters. This quarter, we generated a pretax margin of 19.5% and adjusted pretax margin of 20.4%, a strong result, especially given the challenging market conditions impacting capital markets.
 As a reminder, our current targets provided at our Analyst and Investor Day last May, are for pretax margin of 20% plus and a compensation ratio of less than 65%. We still think these targets are appropriate, and we will provide an update as needed at our upcoming Analyst Investor Day scheduled for May 23.
 On Slide 15, at quarter end, total balance sheet assets were $81.2 billion, a 1% sequential increase.
 Liquidity and capital remain very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $2 billion, well above our $1.2 billion target. And we remain well capitalized with Tier 1 leverage ratio of 12.3% and a total capital ratio of 23.3%.
 Our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth.
 The effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.8%, reflecting the favorable impact of nontaxable corporate-owned life insurance gains in the quarter. Looking ahead, we believe 24% is an appropriate estimate for the effective tax rate.
 Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past 5 quarters. During the quarter, the firm repurchased 1.7 million shares of common stock for $207 million at an average price of $122 per share. Including $43 million of shares repurchased in April, we completed the expected $250 million of these share repurchases since January 1 and fulfilled the repurchase commitment associated with the dilution from the TriState Capital acquisition.
 As of April 19, 2024, approximately $1.14 billion remained under the Board's approved common stock repurchase authorization. Going forward, we expect to continue to offset share-based compensation dilution and to be opportunistic with incremental repurchases.
 We are committed to maintaining capital levels in line with our stated targets, and we'll discuss more on our overall capital management strategy at our upcoming Analyst Investor Day.
 Lastly, on Slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for our Bank segment which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio is solid. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.21%, up from 1.06% from the preceding quarter.
 The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.06%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percentage of the corporate loans held for investment was 2.05% at quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve, but we continue to closely monitor economic factors that may impact our loan portfolios.
 Before I turn the call back over to Paul I just want to say that I am absolutely honored to be named President and future CEO of this great firm. I'm excited to partner with my colleagues and friends Scott Curtis, Tash Elwyn and Jim Bunn in their expanded roles to continue leading Raymond James with the same values that guided Bob James, Tom James and Paul Reilly since our founding. I am optimistic about our future, as all our businesses have critical mass, significant headroom for continued growth and highly competent management teams that embody our firm's advisor- and client-first values. 
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul? 
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said at the start of the call, I'm pleased with our results for fiscal second quarter and through the first half of the fiscal year, generating record results and ending the quarter with record client assets. And while there is still economic uncertainty, I believe we are in a position of strength to drive growth over the long-term across all our businesses.
 In the Private Client Group, next quarter's results will be positively impacted by the 7% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts. Our advisor recruiting activity remains robust and I'm encouraged by a record number of large teams in the pipeline. We are focused on being a destination of choice for current and prospective advisors which we believe over the long-term should continue to drive industry-leading growth. In the Capital Markets segment, we continue to have a healthy M&A pipeline and good engagement levels, but our expectations for a gradual recovery are heavily influenced by market conditions. And we could expect activity to pick up over the next 6 to 9 months.
 And in the Fixed Income business, the overall dynamic of the past year remain unchanged. Depository clients are experiencing flat to declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on our brokerage activity. We hope that once rate and cash balances stabilize, we will start to see an improvement.
 Overall, despite some of the near-term challenges, we believe the investments we've made in the Capital Markets business have positioned us well for growth once the market rate environment becomes conducive.
 In the Asset Management segment, financial assets under management are starting the fiscal third quarter, up 5% over the preceding quarter, which should provide a tailwind to revenues. We remain confident that strong growth of assets in fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James investment management to help drive further growth over time.
 In the Bank segment, we remain focused on fortifying the balance sheet with diverse funding sources and prudently growing assets to support client demand. We have seen securities-based loan payoffs decelerate, and we expect demand for these loans to recover as clients get comfortable with the current level of rates.
 With little activity in the market, corporate loan growth has been muted. However, with ample client cash balances and capital, we are well positioned to lend once activity increases in our conservative risk guidelines.
 In addition to driving organic growth across our businesses, we also remain focused on the corporate development efforts for opportunities that may meet our disciplined M&A parameters.
 In closing, we are well positioned entering the fiscal third quarter with a strong competitive positioning in all of our business and solid capital and liquidity base to invest in future growth.
 As always, I want to thank our advisors who drive this business and associates for their continued dedication to providing excellent service to their clients. Thank you for all you do.
 That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, will you please open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first today to Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: Congrats to both of you guys. Well deserved. I wanted to start with a question around comp maybe. I understand there are some seasonal factors that impacted the quarter, but maybe help break down how much is seasonal, what specifically this quarter? It feels a little bit heavier than normal. And then Paul, I think I heard you say that you're kind of on target to 65% comp rate for the year, but then you also said you're still shooting to be below 65% for the year. So maybe just kind of help reconcile where you guys are ultimately expect to end up for the full year. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Alex, I appreciate that. What we said was that the target that we announced at the last Analyst Investor Day was 65%. And so that's sort of where we've been trending in the first 2 quarters, but that's going to -- what it does for the rest of the year is going to be largely dependent on the Capital Markets segment. That's a big driver.
 Typically that would have a lower capital ratio -- comp ratio associated with it, then the other segments would help the firm's overall comp ratio, and that wasn't the case this quarter, as you can calculate. So we are pleased to be able to generate close to a 65.2% adjusted comp ratio despite the challenges in that Capital Markets segment.
 In terms of the reset of the payroll taxes and the increase in salaries that's typical for the calendar first quarter of each year, I would say that probably had an impact around $30 million to $35 million in the quarter. So a meaningful impact in the quarter. Of course, the salary increases will continue throughout the year. But probably 2/3 of that or so was related to the payroll tax reset, which will decline throughout the course of the calendar year. 
Alexander Blostein: I got you. My second question around recruiting activity. And if we look at the net new assets disclosed in the quarter, organic growth is trending at a lower end from what we've seen from you guys historically. And I guess double-clicking into that, it looks like the independent head count continues to be pretty range bound. So maybe kind of walk us through what's been sort of pressuring the net new asset growth so far this year, your expectations for the rest of the year? And then specifically, what you're seeing in the independent channel that's been keeping the head count relatively flat? 
Paul Reilly: I think you're seeing the same trends that the teams we're hiring are larger. So we're bringing in more assets. We're on a great roll in terms of assets in trailing 12. We do have head count that moves to our RIA channel. And that takes them out of head count because they're not licensed. So even with that movement, we keep the assets, but we're not keeping the head count, and we'll try to give you more granularity on Investor Day -- Analyst Day.
 Then you have ins and outs. So we do have some outs, in the end, take time to onboard. So the assets usually take when you see a robust quarter like the [ $80 million ] of trailing 12 that take 9 months to a year to get all those assets over. So our expectation is that the recruiting will continue and continues strong. And I think part of the transparencies, we need to give you a little more transparency on the RIA and how to think about that. We've struggled with the measurement to give you -- so you can see through those. 
Operator: Next question is Steven Chubak, Wolfe Research. 
Michael Anagnostakis: This is Michael Anagnostakis on for Steven. I did want to ask one just on cash sweep. I appreciate the commentary about how things have trended to the start of the quarter. And it was certainly nice to see that sweep cash was flat in 1Q, but seeing now tax season is behind us, are you seeing signs of cash sweeps building, inflecting positively? And maybe just speak to your level of confidence that we could see the absolute sweep cash balances build from here. 
Paul Shoukry: I mean we had tax season. We also had a record quarterly fee billing that came out of the cash balances already. And so I look at today's report, cash sweep balances so far in April are down $1.3 billion, which is less than the impact from the fee billings. Though we had some -- a decline in the Enhanced Savings Program so far as it was able to -- and again, that could have been impacted. We have tracked significant payments to the IRS with the tax season here.
 So -- and if you look at the last couple of quarters after the fee payments remain, cash kind of built throughout the quarter, and you saw that certainly in this past quarter where cash sweep balances ended relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, which are -- exceeded our expectations that we shared on the last call. So we are hopeful that balances are stabilizing, and so we'll kind of continue monitoring it from here. 
Michael Anagnostakis: Got it. And maybe just pivoting to DOL. Paul, on the last earnings call, I recall that you were relatively comfortable with Raymond James' positioning and that you expected the industry to challenge the new rule. With the final DOL rule now published, maybe you can update us on your views in terms of what the rule in its finalized state means for the industry as well as any implications for Raymond James' that you would highlight? 
Paul Reilly: Well, yes, so I appreciate the question. We're digesting 500 pages of a regulatory rule is a little more -- even more complicated than trying to get through our earnings release, so -- to analyze it. So it's early.
 The early read is actually from the rule itself, is we -- there's nothing that pops out that's overly problematic. It actually maybe surprisingly so. I think the industry's concern will be 2. One is that does the Department of Labor even have the authority to oversee these accounts, and that doesn't have to do with this rule, I don't think the rule itself will have a high impact. But do we want another regulator to concede there's statutory authority for the regulator to oversee those accounts?
 And the other thing is if the rule is talking about really complying with best interest standard, why is there an extra rule? So -- but the rule itself is I think, much more manageable than the draft rule was.
 So again, that's an early read. The devil is always in the detail, but I don't think the rule itself and what it requires to do today is -- doesn't look too problematic at all. 
Michael Anagnostakis: Totally appreciate that. And congratulations to you both. 
Paul Reilly: Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Cho, JPMorgan. 
Y. Cho: My first one, I just wanted to follow up on M&A again. I mean you talked through a healthy pipeline looking ahead. But just in the quarter, again, you all talked through some seasonality and some lumpiness. I'm just curious if there's anything else you can call out or any more color around nuances between, maybe some of the affiliate models that you talked through? And maybe anything to call out in terms of how maybe attrition is trending as well? 
Paul Reilly: If you look for the first 6 months, where it -- I think compared to the industry in the 5s, that we did pretty well. So this quarter was slower in terms of the number. Typically it is a little lower but lower -- maybe a little lower than we would have thought in terms of the number itself, but the recruiting is going well, the movement to RIA, you can see that net new assets growth was pretty robust. And that asset growth was pretty robust. So I think it actually, it was -- we have quarters where things are down and quarters where things are up. And I just think it was down a little more than we anticipated from a measurement standpoint.
 But the recruiting, not only in what we brought in this quarter, but what we have in the pipeline, I think we have a relatively good chance of closing, I can't remember it ever being stronger. So the numbers will be impacted by the -- in terms of advisor count, how many go to RIA and then hopefully, the ones that do will choose to stay with us. So -- and we've had a pretty good record on it so far. 
Y. Cho: Okay. Fair enough. And then just switching gears to the Capital Markets business. I mean I realize some of that is driven by the deferred comp that you called out and maybe still a recovering M&A environment. I guess so with that backdrop potentially improving from here and with Raymond James' history of investing in talent as well. I mean, how would you frame your willingness to go after incremental talent in the advisory business over the next, call it, 9 to 12 months? 
Paul Reilly: Yes. So we have done a lot of adjusting in terms of the cost and lowering the cost in that business, but we've also done some hiring. So the business is very leveraged to the upside as revenue comes up. I mean so the margin 2 years ago, we put 50% or something. I mean so now it's not. So I mean there's leverage for the revenue to grow to really help with that margin. So the question is just the market. And we're open always to bring in talent. I think we showed in '09 and the worst part of it, we were hiring when other people weren't and it really paid off for our growth for the whole next decade. 
 And so that is the blessing of a really strong capital position, is that we have the opportunity even in tough markets to hire, carry and really position talent to bring us forward. We've done some fixed Public Finance hiring that we're already seeing payoff from in the last -- this quarter and this coming quarter that if you looked at just the results of Public Finance, you wouldn't have thought it, but we're, again, great believers in the business, the platform. And if there's great talent out there, we're willing to take a long-term investment and liquidity and capitalize in order to do that. 
Operator: The next question is Brennan Hawken, UBS. 
Brennan Hawken: Congrats to both of you. Curious about the idea now that we're starting to see Capital Markets get going, activity begins to pick up. How should we think about incremental margins in that business for you given how weak the profitability has been? I would assume that they would be pretty good. But could you help us get a sense of what an incremental dollar of revenue would mean from an incremental margin perspective? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I think maybe the only thing we can really point to is the margins peaking out in the mid-20s. I think it's 25%, 26% and [ 21%, 22% ] in that time period. And so there's a lot of upside to the margins from where we are today. And just remember, this quarter was impacted by $20 million of deferred comp amortization from those record years as well, which will run off over the course of the next 12 to 18 months because those are 3-year deferrals typically.
 So there's been a lot of upside. We have a very strong franchise now in Investment Banking, the pipelines and the leading activity levels are good. Closings are difficult to predict just because of this margin environment. But we think there's a lot of upside to both the top and bottom line in our Capital Markets segment. 
Paul Reilly: And if we did, we would be doing -- we would be taking a lot of different actions than we've taken so far. I think we've prudently cut expenses and making sure that we have the right people on the field, but we think we have a great team and as the market recovers, we believe they'll do very well. 
Brennan Hawken: Sure. Fair enough. And then thinking about the improving environment. If we continue to see signs of recovering strength in your core businesses, would that increase confidence and improve the likelihood for a better outlook for capital returns and buybacks? 
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think our capital philosophy hasn't changed in that. We would love to add to the business, invest in the business first. And certainly, our recruiting was an ongoing large investment, which is certainly, I don't think anyone thinks it's a bad investment. We're looking for M&A opportunities and are active in the market but can't predict the timing. And we're not -- certainly, we've committed to buy dilution back and be opportunistic, but we don't want the capital levels. We think that these levels are high, and we want to manage them.
 So we will be meeting with the Board. And I think by the Analyst and Investor Day, we may have better insight to how we may do that. But to the profitability, we're not trying to hoard capital doesn’t benefit us, but we will always be higher probably than most firms, but this is a pretty robust level. We acknowledge that.
 I think our commitment, for those on this call, thinking we'd do a buyback that averaged $120 plus, you wouldn't have thought we would have done that even a quarter or 2 ago. So we are trying to manage the level. 
Operator: The next question is Dan Fannon, Jefferies. 
Daniel Fannon: Just to follow up on that last question. Can you talk about M&A and really what do you think makes the most sense in terms of strategic fit from a product, geography or scale perspective? 
Paul Reilly: Yes, we could go into a long -- I mean that's a hard question to answer quickly. I mean there's -- our primary geographies are North America and then Europe, that we look for the best opportunities in each business. The opportunities are different, in our Private Client Group, it's really North America and the U.K. Our M&A group is much broader, we're on the continent, not really in Asia, but not against M&A capability more than we have today in Asset Management, this particular product. We can go on and on and on.
 So it's -- we think in all the areas of the firm, there are areas that we can grow that strategically helps us through acquisition, but that would be a lot longer than -- a lot more detailed in that general question. So each business has different needs. In M&A, we think there are areas that we could expand. The Private Client Group, we think our geographies. We've done well in the Northeast but could do more, and we're really focused on growing in the West more robustly.
 So the answer is a lot of areas, if we could find the right opportunities and make a reasonable return for shareholders that we would execute on. 
Daniel Fannon: Understood. And then as you think about NII going forward, and you mentioned the kind of cash trends and some stabilization there. On the loan growth side, any signs of pickup and potential demand there? Or as you think about the rest of this year, what are the kind of most sensitive factors as we think about that line item in terms of up or down? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. As you know, loan growth has been tepid, not only for us, but the -- really the entire banking industry since rates started rising over the last 12 to 16 months. And a lot of that is due to just the higher rate environment and a lot of corporations and investors coming into this environment flushed with cash.
 We are optimistic about loan growth going forward. We don't know exactly when that inflection point will hit, but we do think that there's a demand building up both for companies who will eventually get back engaged in M&A and other investing activities as well as Private Client Group investors. So one of the reasons that we are maintaining strong capital funding positions and a lot of flexibility is to be in a position of strength when that loan growth does resume because it is just a matter of -- in our minds, just a matter of timing for when that loan growth recovers. And so we're well positioned for it. We don't know when that will come back, but we're optimistic about the growth going forward. 
Operator: Up next is a question from Mark McLaughlin, Bank of America. 
Mark McLaughlin: Congratulations to you both. I wanted to get your take with regard to advisor movements. What have you guys been seeing on your end in terms of advisors leaving wire houses and also competition between independent broker-dealers. Is there anything to call out? 
Paul Reilly: Just that the competition is still robust. I mean, that the advisor movement, especially of large teams has been -- [ already as a ] focus has been big. I think private equity investment into the RIA space has caused more movement to into outside of the independent broker-dealers and employee broker-dealers. So that's kind of a new factor in force. So part of the reason why a decade ago, we started investing -- to have our RIA channels, so we could be competitive.
 So yes, I mean, I can't remember a time where there has been a lot of competition, but we still see wire house movement in our favor. I think that you're seeing more people not reporting advisor count for that reason. But we see a lot of activity. But it's competitive. There are a lot of people out there competing and it's -- at the end of the day, it's not just money. I think what people think the highest bidder is good at -- if you look at our -- we just saw the latest industry source, we're still lower than most firms by a fair margin in our transition assistance, but it's clearly up from a couple of years ago, so reflecting the competition.
 So it's competitive, but we believe our platform is what lands people on our culture. And so, so far, it's continuing. But it's not easy. It's hard work. 
Mark McLaughlin: I appreciate that color. And then I'm sure we'll get an update on this at the Investor Day. But with respect to RCS, what are you guys seeing in terms of advisors moving, especially the size of those advisors? I realize, for the most part, it's usually advisors once they reach kind of sort of a critical mass. Are you seeing the size of the advisors wanting to move over to RIA kind of move down in scale? 
Paul Reilly: In the market, there's certainly a lot of movers and movements of the smaller teams that want to become RIAs and big teams that have the infrastructure to be RIAs. So the movement is really kind of across the board, larger teams. One of the positives and challenges of RIAs is that you can affiliate with a firm, but have multi-custodians. So I think that if you look at set -- large RIAs at some of the big custodial firms, they still move assets sometimes. So you don't have to have a firm affiliate with you to be an asset gainer, too. So the dynamic of that, it's a much more dynamic industry in that way. It's kind of all or none in the registered rep side. And it's a fight for wallet on the RIA side. 
Operator: We will now take a question from Kyle Voigt, KBW. 
Kyle Voigt: Just have a couple of follow-ups. Maybe first, just a follow-up on Dan's M&A question. And I guess, just to be clear on the capital point, do you feel like you have enough capital flexibility today with the current leverage ratios to act on M&A opportunities that you're seeing in the market? Or is the near-term guidance on buybacks to offset dilution and imply continued near-term capital build due to maybe wanting a bit more flexibility due to the size of the acquisition opportunities that you're seeing? 
Paul Reilly: I think we're in the ballpark of flexibility. The question just is that question. If you see something where it could be bigger, but you can't just wait and wait with total capital. We've drifted up once, if I remember right, Paul, 14% or something. And people are saying, what are you doing? But we had 3 deals that we executed in 1 year that brought it down.
 So it [ hit 10 ] and then has been building back up. So if it was so smooth and we could forecast it, it would be real easy, right? But if M&A kind of hits, deals sometimes come almost out of the blue or someone just decides they're going to sell. And so that's why if we average up sometimes it's -- we feel like the market will be -- we'll have opportunities that we can foreshadow, but that doesn't mean we're right. It's one thing to enter into a discussion. It's another thing for a seller to agree its time and pick us and to close. So that's the challenge.
 But many of the deals that we have closed is because we could execute and we could -- we were -- not only were they attractive to us, but there was a certainty of closing both financially and that we had enough cash on hand that it wasn't a leap, the financing because we're not leveraged isn’t a leap that we can close very, very quickly.
 So I wish I could give you a science to that, there's a little more art to it and we would love to be as clear as we can on this. But if we had the magic formula, we would let you know or at least package it and sell it to our competitors. 
Kyle Voigt: That's very helpful. And then just for a follow-up on the loan balances. I think you gave some commentary on SBLs a few quarters ago that you've actually seen some decent demand, and some of the acceleration in that book or the growth of that book that you were seeing in the calendar third quarter was due to some paydown slowing. So I guess a bit surprising to see that growth has stalled out here in the past quarter. Just wondering if you could provide any additional color on what's happening in the SBL book, specifically which has flatlined here?
 And then do you think the market really just needs to wait for rates to move lower before demand broadens again? 
Paul Shoukry: It was flattish for us as you point out sequentially as it was, I think the rest of the industry, at least those who reported thus far. So I'm not sure you necessarily need to wait for rates to decrease. It's just maybe a stabilization of rate even as borrowers get used to sort of the new norm. So I think that's really what we're seeing as we transition from historically low rates to where our current levels at an unprecedented pace. It's just a lot of people are still getting used to -- and companies are still getting used to this level of rates. 
Kyle Voigt: Great. And congrats again to both of you. 
Paul Shoukry: Thanks, Kyle. 
Paul Reilly: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Cyprys, Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys: I just wanted to ask on organic asset growth. I think in the past, you've suggested that most to the growth -- and I think that you're seeing is from recruiting. Just curious how you think about an opportunity set over time from maybe providing advisors with more services to enhance their efficiency and unlock growth from the installed advisor base to grow same-store sales. 
Paul Reilly: I think our focus internally is first to our existing advisors, both technology and capabilities to make sure they're spending as much time as they can with their clients and acquiring new clients. It makes the advisors happy. It means our clients are happy, that's the cheapest growth for us. So our focus -- and it develops the platform for other advisors still want to come to. So the tools we put out, the technology we put out, the back office modernization, all of that is to help advisor productivity and that does drive a lot of our growth in what we do and keeps advisors here.
 This is a market -- and frankly, the market has been this way for a while. We're -- almost any advisor could leave and get a lot of money for their book and start somewhere else, but they stay here because of that. So that's a big focus of ours. That's where we pay a lot of attention. Number one is on retention. And I think part of our growth rates have been driven by our retention rates, too, and our recruiting.
 So I'm not sure if there's more to the question, but that's kind of focus number one is to make the existing advisors happy and productive. 
Michael Cyprys: Great. And then just on the loan book. Just curious where you think you're underpenetrated as you look at the portfolio today. If you look out over the next couple of years, how would you sort of like the composition and size of the book to evolve? And are there any additional capabilities you feel you may need to build out? 
Paul Reilly: There's 2 pieces to that. There's are we underpenetrated compared to wire houses in terms of loans to clients. You would say yes, but our other thing is we take a position with advisors, your job is to do the right thing for your clients. And if our loans are -- if you like, our mortgage loans, use them, if you don't, it's -- something is better else for your clients, use it. So our job is to provide competitive products. And the advisor's job is to figure out what's appropriate for their clients to use.
 So we do not put quotas. We do not put incentives. Some people have product incentives for their top trips or their managers have quotas to try to hit, we have none of that. We just want advisors to do what's best for the business. And then we try to develop compelling products and services that they can educate, that they could use to help the client.
 So our numbers industry-wide are lower, but we understand why because we're not pushing it. We're -- we do it through education, not through trying to use incentives to get them to do it. So now you can talk about from a capital allocation standpoint, that might be different from our side, like what loans we'd like to grow. The good news is for us is we like the Private Client Group loans, the SBLs, the mortgages, the other things that  they have -- not only SBLs have our best risk-adjusted return or secured and they're good for clients and they're flexible for clients. So we're matched up that way.
 So our challenges are more where do we want to go on whether it's the commercial banking section or how much do we want to invest in securities and other that are more of a financial decision and long-term investments. So they're -- so penetration is a good question. We are lower, but we don't try to force it. We want our advisors to do it if it's the right thing for their clients. 
Operator: Next up is Bill Katz, TD Cowen. 
William Katz: Congratulations, everybody. Question for you just on the NIM, the net interest margin. Just sort of wondering if you could talk a little bit about maybe what the exit level might be for the new quarter? And just if -- just given sort of the reinvestment rates of what might be rolling on, rolling off and in a world of a tepid type of loan backdrop for now. How do you sort of see that playing out if the sorting starts to ease a little bit as well? 
Paul Shoukry: I would say a lot of the shift in cash balances from on balance sheet to third-party banks have really occurred in the last couple of quarters. So the NIM going forward is going to be more driven by, one, the absolute level of rates and what happens with short-term rates going forward and also to the asset mix, to the extent -- we're a little heavy right now on the bank balance sheet and cash balances. Going back to the comments I made earlier about wanting to be in a position of strength when loan demand recovers. And so that brings down the NIM all else being equal, but it's at least a push, if not a modest positive to NII, net interest income and earnings.
 But in the meantime, it does drag down the NIM a bit as we hold more cash balances than we think we would need on a run rate basis. So as far as the jumping-off point, I think it is a relatively stable number from where we were this quarter. We're not shifting, proactively shifting cash balances off balance sheet to third-party banks like we were doing over the last couple of quarters. So I think that's all fairly well reflected this quarter. 
William Katz: Great. That's helpful. And just trying to triangulate a combination of the senior executive leadership changes. Your comments, Paul Shoukry, about sort of the platform being in a very good spot with scale. Where are you investing right now as you think through maybe the comp or noncomp side? And how might the strategic vision be evolving as you sort of migrate to the next generation of leaders? 
Paul Shoukry: I mean we have been consistently investing in all of our businesses. First and foremost, the largest business by far is our Private Client Group business. And we don't anticipate that changing. So that's where the vast majority of our investment dollars go. But we also invest heavily in growth in the Capital Markets, Asset Management and the Bank businesses. They're all great businesses.
 If you look at the last 3 years and even the first half of this fiscal year, being able to generate record revenues and earnings in very different market environments has -- is a testament and a reflection of having a diversified business model. So we're going to continue to invest in very high service levels, continue to invest in technology to enhance the service levels and create more efficiencies for advisors so they can spend more time with clients, as Paul was touching on earlier.
 So kind of maybe a long-winded way of saying there's not going to be a dramatic change because everything is really working very well and has been since our founding in 1962 -- being focused on essentially the same businesses that we're focused on today. And so that's sort of the kind of plan going forward. 
William Katz: Congrats again. 
Operator: And our final question today will come from Devin Ryan, Citizens JMP. 
Devin Ryan: And obviously, I want to echo the congratulations as well to Paul Shoukry and the others on the leadership team now on the call. And to Paul Reilly as well. The stock, I think, was trading at about $10 when you joined in 2009. I remember those days pretty well. And so unquestionably, a successful run and a well-earned transition. So congratulations. 
 I just wanted -- real quick, a couple here on just fixed-income brokerage. You had a very significant step-up in the first quarter off of the back half of 2023, and then that took a step back again in the second quarter. I'm just curious, was that just a shift in activity and depositories just with the changes in rate expectations? Or is it something else going on there and just how to think about that business relative to maybe the second quarter jumping-off point? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. With a couple of quarters ago, the rates came down quite -- the yields came down quite a bit and gave depositories a repositioning opportunity. And on the call last quarter, I think we talked about that repositioning opportunity being somewhat episodic in nature. And throughout the course of this quarter, rates actually went up again. And so the underlying factors that Paul discussed on the call in his prepared remarks was that depositories are still struggling to grow deposit balances or keep deposit balances flat. And so they're going to be prudent and slow to reinvest in securities in this environment. So -- and that's the largest part of our Fixed Income business.
 So we continue to expect some headwinds there until deposit balances start growing again and banks feel more confident investing in their securities portfolio. Meanwhile, SumRidge has been nice in that it has diversified the fixed-income revenue streams with its corporate trading technology-enabled capability. And so -- but that business drives on volatility and this past quarter, spread and the rate volatility wasn't as significant. So they didn't have sort of the uplift that they had in preceding quarters. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to hand the conference back to Paul Reilly for any additional or closing remarks. 
Paul Reilly: Great. We appreciate you all coming on and good quarter, already on to the next quarter. And I think we've got some good tailwinds. So we look forward to it. And I'm not sure I look forward to hearing all these generational comments about how old I am, how ready Paul is, but he is ready. So I think you're going to see a lot of good things from Raymond James. So thanks for joining us today. 
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Kristina Waugh: Good afternoon, and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Fiscal 2024 First Quarter Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. I'm 	Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us today. With me on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed today is available on Raymond James' Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. 
 Calling your attention to Slide 2. Please note that certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, industry or market conditions, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments and general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future or conditional verbs, such as may, will, could, should and would, as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in these statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our website. Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul? 
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Kristie. Good evening. Thank you for joining us today. Who would have thought, given all the uncertainty over the past year, we would have ended the last fiscal year with record results and generated record earnings per share and record client assets this quarter. This is a testament to our focus on executing on our strategic priorities, which are rooted in our adviser and client-focused cultures. These priorities have remained consistent over many years. They are: to drive organic growth throughout our businesses, invest in technology and service capabilities and to maintain focus on strategic M&A and effective integrations. Through our relentless focus on these priorities, we have maintained long-term success across changing market environments. 
 Now to review the first quarter results, starting on Slide 4. The firm reported quarterly net revenues of $3.01 billion, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter primarily due to higher asset-based revenues. Quarterly net income available to common shareholders was $497 million or a record $2.32 per diluted share. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $514 million or $2.40 per diluted share, both records. We generated strong returns for the quarter with annualized return on common equity of 19.1% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 23.8%, a great result particularly given our strong capital base. 
 Moving to Slide 5. Client assets grew to record levels this quarter driven by strong adviser retention and recruiting results along with the strong market. Total client assets under administration increased 9% sequentially to $1.37 trillion. Private Client Group assets in fee-based accounts grew to $747 billion, and financial assets under management reached $215 billion. PCG continues to generate strong organic growth evidenced this quarter with domestic net new assets of $21.6 billion, representing a 7.8% annualized growth rate on beginning-of-period domestic PCG assets. Advisers are attracted to our robust technology capabilities and client-first values. And through our long-established, multiple affiliation options, they can find the right fit for their business. 
 During the quarter, we recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels financial advisers with approximately $60 million of trailing 12 production and $13 billion of client assets at their previous firms. These results do not include our RIA and Custody Services businesses, which also continued to have recruiting success and finished the quarter with $147 billion of assets. Despite strong recruiting activity, the financial adviser count was sequentially flat mostly due to an elevated number of retirements, which are seasonally higher in the first quarter but where the firm typically retains the vast majority of assets through previously established succession plans. In addition, advisers moving to our RIA channel are excluded from the adviser count since they no longer carry a FINRA license with us. 
 We announced that the President of our PCG Independent Contractor Division, Jodi Perry, transitioned to a newly created role of national head of adviser recruiting. Jodi has generated outstanding results in every role she has held in her nearly 30-year career with Raymond James, and I am confident she will continue to strengthen this key growth engine for the firm. This key leadership appointment continues to highlight the importance and focus on adviser recruiting. With this transition, we are excited about Shannon Reid becoming the PCG Independent Contractor Division President and joining the firm's executive committee. Shannon's most recently served as Senior Vice President of our Northeast division. She has an impressive background and has been a stellar leader in an important market. 
 Total clients' domestic sweep and Enhanced Savings Program balances ended the quarter at $58 billion, up 3% over September 2023. Balances were boosted by growth in both the Enhanced Savings Program as well as the client sweep balances. Bank loans increased 1% from the preceding quarter to a record $44.2 billion, although loan demand remains relatively muted given higher rates. 
 Moving to Slide 6. Private Client Group generated quarterly net revenues of $2.23 billion and pretax income of $439 million. Year-over-year, results were driven by higher asset management fees, reflecting 18% growth of assets in fee-based accounts. The Capital Markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $338 million and a pretax income of $3 million. Investment Banking revenues grew 15% compared to a year ago quarter due to higher M&A and underwriting revenues. Sequentially, robust fixed income brokerage revenue growth largely offset weaker M&A and affordable housing investment results. While fixed income results were stronger during the quarter, investment banking activity industry-wide appear to be on a gradual recovery. The uncertain market environment, along with the impact of the amortization of share-based compensation granted in the preceding periods, has strained the near-term profitability of segment results. We remain focused on managing controllable expenses. 
 The Asset Management segment generated pretax income of $93 million on net revenues of $235 million. Results were largely attributable to higher financial assets under management compared to the prior year quarter due to market appreciation and net inflows into PCG fee-based accounts. The Bank segment generated net revenues of $441 million and pretax income of $92 million. Bank segment net interest margin of 2.74% declined 13 basis points compared to the preceding quarter primarily due to a higher cost mix of deposits as Enhanced Savings Program balances that replaced a portion of lower RJBDP cash sweep balances. 
 Now I'll turn it over to Paul Shoukry for a more detailed review of the first quarter results. Paul? 
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. Starting on Slide 8. Consolidated net revenues were $3.01 billion in the first quarter, up 8% over the prior year and down 1% sequentially compared to the record set in the preceding quarter. Asset management and related administrative fees grew 13% over the prior year and declined 3% compared to the preceding quarter. The sequential decline was largely the result of lower fee-based assets at the beginning of the quarter compared to the beginning of the preceding quarter. This quarter, fee-based assets increased 9%, which will be a strong tailwind for asset management and related administrative fees in the fiscal second quarter. Brokerage revenues of $522 million grew 8% year-over-year mostly due to higher transactional activity in PCG. Sequentially, brokerage revenues increased 9%, the result of higher institutional fixed income brokerage revenues as client activity increased and the trading environment was more favorable. I'll discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly. 
 Investment banking revenues of $181 million increased 28% year-over-year. Sequentially, the 10% decline was driven predominantly by lower M&A revenues. We are cautiously optimistic that the environment for M&A is improving, and we continue to see a healthy investment banking pipeline and solid new business activity. However, there remains a lot of uncertainty, and we are hopeful a gradual recovery will lead to better results over the next 6 to 9 months. Other revenues of $38 million were down 30% compared to the preceding quarter primarily due to lower affordable housing investment revenues compared to the seasonally high fiscal fourth quarter. 
 Moving to Slide 9. Clients' domestic cash sweep and Enhanced Savings Program balances ended the quarter at $58 billion, up 3% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 4.8% of domestic PCG client assets. Advisers continue to serve their clients effectively, leveraging our competitive cash offerings. Many clients have now taken advantage of the attractive Enhanced Savings Program and other high-yielding products. Thus, the pace of flows into this program has decelerated as we expected, growing approximately $900 million or 7% this quarter. A large portion of the total cash coming into ESP has been new cash brought into the firm by advisers, highlighting the attractiveness of this product and Raymond James being viewed as a source of strength and stability. 
 While we are encouraged by the modest sequential growth of client cash balances during the quarter, which was helped by seasonal tailwinds in the fourth calendar quarter, we continue to expect some further yield-seeking activity by clients. Through Monday of this week, sweep and ESP balances are down approximately $1.5 billion for the month of January primarily due to quarterly fee billings of $1.35 billion. RJBDP sweep balances with third-party banks were $17.8 billion at quarter end, up 12% from September 2023. 
 The strong growth of Enhanced Savings Program balances at Raymond James Bank has allowed for more balances to be deployed off balance sheet with third-party banks. While this dynamic has negatively impacted the bank segment's NIM because of the lower-cost sweep balances being swept off balance sheet, it ultimately provides clients with an attractive deposit solution while also optimizing the firm's funding flexibility by providing a large funding cushion for when attractive growth opportunities emerge. Looking forward, we have ample funding and capital to support attractive loan growth. 
 Turning to Slide 10. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $698 million, down 2% from the preceding quarter due to lower firm-wide net interest income resulting from NIM compression, but outperforming our expectations on the last earnings call as client cash balance were more stable than we expected at that time. The Bank segment's net interest margin decreased 13 basis points sequentially to 2.74% for the quarter, and the average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks increased 6 basis points to 3.66%. 
 While there are many variables that will impact actual results, absent any changes to short-term interest rates, we currently expect combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks to be about 5% lower in the fiscal second quarter compared to the fiscal first quarter just based on spot balances after the fee billings this quarter and our expectation of some continued client cash sorting activity. Hopefully, we can outperform this expectation again this quarter, but we believe it's prudent to err on the side of conservatism given the continued uncertainty around client cash balance trends. We remain focused on preserving flexibility and growing net interest income and RJBDP fees over the long term, which we believe we are well positioned to do. 
 Moving to consolidated expenses on Slide 11. Compensation expense was $1.92 billion, and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 63.8%. Excluding acquisition-related compensation expenses, the adjusted compensation ratio was 63.4%. Looking ahead, the impact of salary increases effective on January 1 and the reset of payroll taxes at the beginning of the calendar year will be reflected in the fiscal second quarter. Noncompensation expenses of $462 million decreased 20% sequentially largely due to elevated provisions for legal and regulatory matters in the preceding quarter, whereas this quarter was a relatively quiet quarter for legal and regulatory reserves. The bank loan provision for credit losses for the quarter declined to $12 million. I'll discuss more related to the credit quality in the Bank segment shortly. 
 We remain focused on managing expenses while continuing to invest in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisers and their clients. For the fiscal year, we expect noncompensation expenses, excluding provision for credit losses, unexpected legal and regulatory items or non-GAAP adjustments, to be around $1.9 billion. This implies incremental noncompensation growth throughout the year as we continue to invest in growth and ensure high service levels for advisers and their clients throughout our businesses. And remember, many of the noncompensation expenses, such as investment sub-advisory fees, represent healthy growth that follows the corresponding revenue growth. 
 Slide 12 shows the pretax margin trend over the past 5 quarters. This quarter, we generated a pretax margin of 20.9% and an adjusted pretax margin of 21.7%, a strong result given the industry-wide challenges impacting capital markets. As a reminder, our current targets provided at our Analyst and Investor Day last May are for pretax margin of 20-plus percent and a compensation ratio of less than 65%. We still think these targets are appropriate, and we will provide an update as needed at the next Analyst and Investor Day scheduled for May 22. 
 On Slide 13, at quarter end, total balance sheet assets were $80.1 billion, a 2% sequential increase. Liquidity and capital remained very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $2.1 billion, well above our $1.2 billion target, and we remain well capitalized with a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 12.1% and a total capital ratio of 23%. Our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 21%, reflecting a tax benefit recognized for share-based compensation that vested during the period. Going forward, we still believe that 24% to 25% is an appropriate estimate to use in your models. 
 Slide 14 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past 5 quarters. During the quarter, the firm repurchased 1.4 million shares of common stock for $150 million at an average price of $107 per share. As of January 24, 2024, approximately $1.39 billion remained available under the Board's approved common stock repurchase authorization. Our current plan, which is subject to change, is to repurchase at least $200 million of shares in the fiscal second quarter to complete the remaining repurchases associated with the dilution from the TriState Capital acquisition. Following the second quarter, we expect to continue to offset share-based compensation dilution and to be opportunistic with incremental repurchases. 
 Lastly, on Slide 15, we provide key credit metrics for our Bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio is solid. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.09%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.08%. The bank loan loss allowance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percentage of corporate loans held for investment was 2.06% at quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve, but we continue to closely monitor economic factors that may impact our corporate loan portfolio, including the commercial real estate portfolio. Within the CRE portfolio, we have prudently limited the exposure to office loans, which represent just 3% of the Bank segment's total loans. 
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul? 
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said at the start of the call, I am pleased with our results for the first fiscal quarter, generating record earnings per share and ending the quarter with record client assets. And while there is still economic uncertainty, I believe we are in a position of strength and are well positioned to drive growth over the long term across all of our businesses. 
 In the Private Client Group, next quarter results will be positively impacted by the 9% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts. Near term, we expect some headwinds to the interest-sensitive earnings at both PCG and the Bank segment given ongoing cash sorting activity in uncertain rate environment. However, we are already seeing some of the higher-yield competitor rates coming in. Despite this, I believe our effort and focus on being a destination of choice for our current and prospective advisers will continue to drive industry-leading growth. Our adviser recruiting activity remains robust, including a record number of large teams in the pipeline. 
 In the Capital Markets segment, we continue to have a healthy M&A pipeline and good engagement levels. But our expectations for a gradual recovery are heavily influenced by market conditions, and we would expect activity to likely pick up over the next 6 to 9 months. And the fixed income business, we saw improvements in this quarter with higher activity, but the dynamics of the past year persists. Depository clients are experiencing flat to declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on our brokerage activity. We hope that once rates and cash balances stabilize, we will start to see an improvement. Despite some of the near-term challenges, we believe Capital Markets business is well positioned for growth once the market and rate environment become conducive. 
 In the Asset Management segment, financial assets under management are starting the fiscal second quarter up 9% over the preceding quarter, which should provide a tailwind to revenues. We remain confident that strong growth of assets in fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James investment management to help drive further growth over time. 
 In the Bank segment, we remain focused on fortifying the balance sheet with diversified funding sources and prudently growing assets to support client demand. We have seen security-based loans payoffs decelerate and are starting to experience growth. We expect demand for these loans to recover as clients get comfortable with the current level of rates. With little activity in the market, corporate loan growth has been muted. However, spreads have improved and with ample client cash balances and capital, we are well positioned to lend once activity increases in our conservative risk parameters. In addition to our focus on organic growth across our businesses, we have also ramped up corporate development efforts. 
 In closing, we are well positioned entering the second fiscal quarter with strong competitive positioning in all of our businesses and solid capital and liquidity base to invest in future growth. As always, I would be remiss if I did not thank our advisers and associates for their continued dedication to providing excellent service to their clients. Thank you for all you do. 
 That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, will you please open the line for questions? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Michael Cho from JPMorgan. 
Y. Cho: For my first question, I just wanted to touch on net new assets. I mean, clearly, there seems to be a pickup in NNA and you continue to call out a robust recruiting backdrop. The question is what do you think is driving that NNA acceleration now? And how much do you think a more stable macro outlook could contribute for NNA acceleration from here? 
Paul Reilly: Well, historically, like this quarter, it's a pretty good NNA number. So what's really driving it is still rate retention, recruiting. And most of our recruiting -- the adviser count number is a little misleading now because we're recruiting more and more larger -- very large teams, fewer number but larger teams. This quarter, we had a lot of retirements. But the retirement -- seasonally, we do at the end of the year. But the retirement, almost all of them have transition plans. So we keep the assets, [ which drive ] the adviser count number down. And when people transfer to the RIA division, which happens every quarter, we take them out because they don't have a FINRA license. 
 So if you look at the net asset -- net new assets, you can go over the last few years, I mean, we continue to be near the top of the market or at the top of the market. And it's really just the great retention and robust recruiting. And as we recruit larger and larger teams, a lot of those teams are -- their businesses are still growing significantly, and it's really generating net new assets. And of course, there's market health, right? If the market goes up, you bring people over, the assets are higher. So we feel pretty comfortable. And as we announced, we brought over Jodi Perry to really even add more robustness to our recruiting efforts, which were kind of diversified or spread out between the channels but really bring them together to a more unified effort. We think we can do better than we have been doing. 
Y. Cho: Okay. Great. I just want to switch gears on the capital markets side of the business, specifically investment bank. I mean you continue to invest in talent there despite the choppy backdrop over the last 18 months. And I think you've called out a higher-quality banker or a higher-producing banker at Raymond James now [indiscernible] versus previous periods. I mean how should we think about something like revenue per MD going forward in a more normalized environment if the backlog starts to flow through at some point? 
Paul Reilly: Back in the last -- the peak of the last market, we exceeded $10 million per MD. So I mean, we generate a very, very high productive number. If you go back a few years, we were a couple of million dollars per MD, and that really is the difference. So part of that is the market. But certainly, part of that was the high-quality MDs recruited and the teams that joined us. So I don't know what that number is in a good market. I think we could still produce that number or better. We continue to recruit people in some of the businesses that we felt were subscale or didn't have the senior people that we wanted. And I think the productivity is still there. So if we had a market as robust as we did a couple of years ago, we could top that $10 million. But certainly, we'd be much higher than the high single digits, I think, in a reasonable market. But again, the market, as we said, is we see slow improvement, but nothing that's really moving quickly up but moving up steadily. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. 
Devin Ryan: So first question, if we go back to early calendar 2023, you guys have built a fair amount of liquidity and maybe gave up some interest income short term. And I think the view was that lending spreads could widen out, and so you wanted to have some capacity. Obviously, there's also a reason to be conservative at that time. But it did seem like some of maybe the headwinds to spread revenues was more of a timing dynamic and intentional. So looking at today, you still have a lot of excess liquidity to grow loans if you see attractive risk-adjusted returns. So I'm just curious if kind of that view still holds that you had kind of through most of calendar 2023. And then are those better spreads materializing as maybe you thought they would? Are you still waiting for that as you're trying to think about the interplay with that and then accelerating the lending activity into that as well? 
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think there's 2 pieces to that, Devin, is that we have seen spreads widen. The problem is, is the market hasn't been really robust in the area that we like to lend. And we have a target both in industries, borrowers. So it's fairly conservative. And that pipeline of new loans, as you can see from other banks, too, has just slowed down. So we're still waiting for that kind of resurgence in activity, which we think will happen at some point. But that's really been the -- we're ready to lend. We're also seeing SBL loans and things -- which was deteriorating. We've seen that the payoffs are really decreasing. We're seeing some growth there now, too. So we're starting to see the beginning of growth in those portfolios. But certainly, the market isn't giving us that opportunity to put on loans at the same rate we did in like early 2023 or certainly '22. 
Devin Ryan: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the institutional fixed income brokerage. Obviously, really material improvement in the quarter and kind of run rating over $400 million. Last year, you did mid-300s. And just looking at like 2023 relative to 2021, you're down over 30% even though you have SumRidge today and arguably a bigger, better business. So love to just think about kind of the -- some of the momentum that you saw in the quarter, depositories are maybe becoming more active again, and just how to think about kind of what a normalization in that business looks like. Is it the, call it, [ a little bit more than over ] $400 million run rate that we saw in this quarter? Or is it something better? And is this quarter kind of a good jumping off point because it is such a stark change from the prior quarter? 
Paul Reilly: Yes. So first, it's a pretty fickle market. SumRidge has done well the whole time. They [ day traded ] on volatility. So if you look at volatility, you could probably look at their results. They're really good, very hedged, very focused corporate trading strategy and consistently have executed since day 1. And their business has not been off. It's done well. Our traditional depository business, which is a big part of our franchise, as they got cash squeezed, it slowed down. Two things were happening. A lot of banks already had plenty of fixed-rate maturities, and they weren't looking for more bonds and they were worried about their liquidity. I think what happened in December as liquidity looked like it was easing some and rates looked like they were going to come down, they got much more active. 
 So I think that environment, which has been okay beginning of the year but it's too early to tell, is what happens with the rates. If people really think these are peak rates and liquidity continues to [ feel settled ], they'll get more active or at least be active as they are today. But I don't see the return to 2 years ago until the market really gets a lot better and a lot stable. But the guys, they've performed very, very well and it's just -- if rates go up, it's going to be a headwind. If rates go down some or [indiscernible] rates going down materializes or people get confident, I think it will pick up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. 
Daniel Fannon: Wanted to follow up on your comments around cash sorting and your expectation that you expect that to continue and curious if that's just some of the seasonal cash coming back into the market that may be built up in December and/or what other factors you think that are going to continue to have that be an ongoing trend beyond the billing and other things you mentioned so far in January. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, you touched on them. I mean, we, in the December quarter, typically have sort of seasonal tailwinds with tax loss harvesting, maturities and those type of things. And then throughout the year -- quarterly fee billings alone this quarter were north of $1.3 billion, and we'll hopefully see that continue to grow throughout the year. And then we also have the headwind as we enter April with income taxes as well. So rates are still high there -- out there. They've come in a little bit, as Paul said, just with the expectation for lower rates. So we have seen some declines across the industry. 
 But really, money market funds are -- the yields there are really the biggest competitor we have, if you will, and those -- the yields are still attractive. And so we still have to have attractive alternatives to bring in new cash to compete against the money market funds. So as I said in the last couple of calls, I think we're much closer to the end of that cash sorting dynamic than we -- we get closer and closer, I feel like, every quarter, but we're not going to declare that it's over until we have several months of history to prove it out. 
Paul Reilly: And I think that if people look at kind of the beta there is, they'll say if rates come down, will that spread increase quickly? Well, on normal sweeps, they kind of follow fed funds. But really, if you look at money markets, they're more -- they're buying bonds, and it takes 2 to 3 weeks for them to adjust. So if they're -- if you consider them some of the competition for rate, it's going to take a few weeks at least for that to sort through before there's -- before rates start moving at the more expensive people who are investing in higher-yielding types of certificates. But it will be moving in the right direction [ of rates ]. 
Daniel Fannon: And then just as a follow-up, within PCG, insurance and annuity products have been growing and a bigger contributor. Just curious with the DOL's proposal how you think that these products might be impacted or momentum in that might be impacted by the proposal. 
Paul Reilly: So first, there's always been scrutiny on those products over time, and we believe we have good products and systems to manage that. And the DOL, we had put in systems to comply with a fairly similar law in the beginning, and then we had to take them out as we -- as the industry defeated the rule. The second interpretation of questions came out, and the industry defeated the rule. So we'll have to see in court, and we'll have to see what this rule finishes with before we look at the impact. And my guess is the industry will challenge the rule again. So we've won twice. Well, my guess -- I think there will be a substantial challenge with a lot of things that could challenge what is proposed today, and so we'll have to see. So I'm -- it's kind of early to speculate on that until it's finalized, until we see if it really can withstand the third court challenge. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt from KBW. 
Kyle Voigt: So first, on the balance sheet, just given how much sweep cash you have sitting off balance sheet at this point at $18 billion and the excess capital you're currently running with combined with the shape of the forward curve, would you consider beginning to grow the securities portfolio again over the next few quarters and start to lock in some yield? Or do you still have a preference to allow that to run off? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Kyle, our position on taking duration on the balance sheet has remained very consistent through different rate cycles, which certainly positioned us well this time last year, which is really to keep more of a floating rate balance sheet and not try to time rates one way or the other. To the extent that we do take duration on the balance sheet, we really wanted to be -- to support and accommodate client needs, mortgages and those tax exempt loans, et cetera. And so we're really not looking to try to time what might happen to rates. I know the forward curve has been wrong more than right in the last 2 to 3 years and have misguided a lot of other firms. And so we're just going to remain flexible and really focus on accommodating clients versus making best for our own benefit. 
Paul Reilly: And we've heard a lot of people speculate over at the top rates, but we went from no rate cuts to 3, to people speculating 6, to speculating, well, maybe we won't get one for months. So we just don't want to really play that game. And I think one of the keys to our consistent performance is we're not making bets. We're just consistently running the business. So we really don't look at locking in rates like that. And right now, the spread on the sweep rates is very, very good and compelling anyways. 
Kyle Voigt: Yes. Understood. Maybe just a question on the noncomp expense guidance of $1.9 billion. I think that implies a 10% increase or so in the average noncomp expenses for the remaining 3 quarters versus the first quarter run rate. I know there's some variable expenses that you laid out in terms of the investment advisory fees, but just wondering if you could expand a bit on some of the other areas where you may be ramping investments through the remainder of the year. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. This quarter was pretty low almost across the board. IT -- the technology expenses, we typically pull back on external support during the December quarter just because it's a little bit slower for those vendors as well even to bring people in. We -- it's a relatively quiet quarter for conferences and trips. And so we -- and it was also a relatively favorable quarter for legal and regulatory. And so I think as the year progresses, we should expect to see growth to get to that $1.9 billion sort of guidance. And then as a reminder, that excludes some of the non-GAAP items, which most of you exclude, as well as the bank loan loss provision and unexpected legal and regulatory reserves because it's just -- it's impossible for us to try to forecast those over the next 3 quarters. 
Paul Reilly: And that was kind of our initial guidance was the $1.9 billion. So we're just -- it is lumpy, but we still think that's a good number. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken from UBS. 
Brennan Hawken: Curious if you could maybe disclose what portion of your client asset base is in retirement accounts. And also, when you think about recruiting, typically, how much of those assets tend to come in, in the form of retirement accounts, IRAs and the like? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we'll provide more of that breakout at our Analyst/Investor Day in May. When we last went through this in 2016, last time we disclosed this metric, it was about 1/3 of the assets were in IRAs and retirement accounts, but we haven't provided any real disclosure on that since then. So we'll plan on doing that at the Analyst/Investor Day. 
Brennan Hawken: Okay. And then when you think about the NNA, had a nice jump here this quarter, was there a bank activity within the bank channel here in the quarter that might have caused some of the significant quarter-over-quarter changes? And generally, what's your outlook for growth coming from that channel in the near term? 
Paul Reilly: There wasn't anything lumpy in the bank channel. We -- that tends to be a lumpier one just because of the -- with advisers, there's many, many. So they average out with the banks. We don't expect anything lumpy. It's part of our growth platform, and I think our NNA has continued to be very, very solid. So we like the trajectory. And this is, I think, a very strong number, both given the environment and given our competitors this quarter, and still believe we have the opportunity to keep -- we don't forecast a number, but I think we can be right at the top of NNA. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from TD Cowen. 
William Katz: Maybe to mix up the topics a little bit, I was wondering if we could circle back to capital return just given the fact that you have a very strong capital position. You mentioned sort of mix dynamics on the loan side or lending side. Why not pick up the pace of capital return through buyback? And then maybe as a subsector to that -- subset to that, what's your incremental thinking of inorganic opportunities at this point? And what might you be looking at? 
Paul Reilly: So we think -- first, we were a little late into the quarter because we had a self-imposed blackout given, as we said, given an accrual for our off-platform communications. So we get a little late jump. And so we weren't in a rush. We had a good period in that market, so we didn't try to catch up. But we're committed to, next quarter, the $200 million, which I think will catch us up on the TriState commitment and continue on our dilution and as we go forward, to be opportunistic. We are trying to balance. As we've said, we've put a new head of corporate development. We're seeing a lot of opportunities in the market, and we want to make sure that just like -- I remember -- forgot the timing -- 2 years ago, [ we presented ] that we're going to spend the cash when it got over 12%. And we did 6 acquisitions in 18 months, right, and got our ratio down to 10%. 
 So -- and the reason we could do them is we have capital on the balance sheet. And we think there are opportunities. The problem is you never know if they're actionable. You can talk a lot, but we're certainly out in the market and looking. And so we just try to balance those 2. The good news is we have strong earnings, so we understand we'll keep adding to the capital base. But we're just trying to balance the 2 of them. We think $200 million is a good target. And if we can't get -- if we get to the point where we don't think there are accretive acquisitions that would be accretive to the positioning of the firm, not just earnings, we will buy back stock. We're not trying to hoard capital. Our RSUs, at least half of them, are [ ROE ] and TSR-based. So we're not trying to hoard capital just for fun. We just think it's the right thing to do, looking at the potential opportunities. 
William Katz: Okay. Just a follow-up, maybe talk about margins for a moment. Appreciate the -- we look forward to the Investor Day in the spring. Just conceptually, though, to the extent that the investment banking backdrop were to pick up, how do we think about the incremental margin in both the segment and how that might translate down to the holding company at this point in time? Obviously, you're running about breakeven, if you will. I'm just trying to think through the puts and takes of some pressure on NII offset by maybe a little bit more countercyclical pickup in the i-bank and then how that might filter down to profitability. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Bill, I think in the Capital Markets segment, when they were operating at record levels over the last couple of years, 2 years ago, they, I think, hit a maximum margin or a record margin of around 26%. And so that just shows you the upside potential for that segment. And that was both the equity side and the fixed income side of the business running on all cylinders, which is somewhat atypical across the industry just given the countercyclical nature of some of those businesses. But we -- there's a lot of upside from just breaking even this quarter in capital markets to what the potential is and that we proved out a couple of years ago, and that obviously would help the overall margin of the firm. We're still saying it's a 20% plus margin target for the firm at this juncture, and we'll update that as appropriate at Analyst/Investor Day in May. 
 But we have a diversified business. So there's always puts and takes. And what we don't try to do is sell you on a story that just adds the incremental margin of everything happening to the plus side without factoring in potential offsets. And so we think that's a more balanced approach. But obviously, all else being equal, if we had the same exact sort of performance from the other businesses with the upside potential of capital markets, that would be accretive to the margins overall for the firm. But we're just reluctant to guide that now given all the uncertainty, particularly around cash sorting dynamics, which is a huge driver of margins. The cash balances and where interest rates are is a big driver of margins for the firm. So we're going to be conservative there until things stabilize. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. 
Steven Chubak: Wanted to start off with a question on deposit betas and pricing flex amid rate cuts. Just one of the challenges that we collectively are grappling with is that your mix of deposits is quite different than peers. You have a lower concentration of higher beta savings deposits that should carry very high deposit betas with rate cuts. At the same time, your current payout on your sweep deposits is actually much more competitive than your peer set. So I was hoping you could frame separately what your expectation is for deposit pricing flex on the ESP piece versus the sweep deposits within the bank channel. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I mean we -- the ESP balances, we would expect the correlation of the movement of those rates to be much more aligned with what happens with fed funds effective. And I think that's what advisers and clients expect not only at Raymond James but across the industry as well for those higher-yielding products. You say it's different in terms of mix of deposits than others in the industry. But you also have to remember, with the TriState acquisition, we have -- they have $18 billion of deposits now, which are higher-cost deposits and are likely higher beta deposits, too, both on the upside and on the downside of rates. So it gives us more similar sensitivity than just looking at the sort of PCG-related deposits, which we feel good about. 
 And then as you point out, the BDP, the sweep deposits, we were much more generous than most of our competitors on the way up, which gives us more kind of cushion on the way down as well with those deposits. So as Paul said, it's going to be a competitive dynamic, something that we'll look at as rates move. But we feel really good about the position we're in right now. 
Steven Chubak: That's great color, Paul. And for my follow-up, it's related to what Bill had just asked, but I was hoping to pin you down with an explicit number in terms of how to think about incremental margins because the offset from lower rates is clearly expected to come from the capital market side of the business. The concern is that NII is not compensable. But if we actually look at what you guys did during the period of robust capital markets activity, you cited the 25%-plus type margins. The incremental margins were actually close to 50% during that period. So I just want to get a sense, if we do have a more meaningful ramp in capital markets activity, is a 50% incremental margin a reasonable assumption consistent with what we saw during the COVID period? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean, I guess what I would say is if you kind of look at the revenues now versus the revenues of the peak of capital markets and being breakeven now versus getting a 26% margin during the peak of capital markets, I mean, it's pretty linear. There's a lot of incremental margin as you grow revenues from the current base to where we were at that point in time. So it also depends on, frankly, the mix of revenues in capital markets, how much comes from M&A versus underwriting versus fixed income. All those businesses have different incremental margins, too. So we can make up a simplistic number for modeling purposes. But frankly, I think it would be false precision. And we also know that the dynamics that may help the capital markets business may be dynamics that may positively or negatively impact our other businesses. 
 So with generating a 20% plus margin and generating record earnings in the last 3 years in very different market environments is something that really reinforces the value of having our diversified business model and being able to generate return -- adjusted returns on tangible common equity of over 20% -- 23% this quarter on our strong capital basis without the support of capital markets is something we're really happy about. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell from Seaport Global. 
James Mitchell: Maybe just a quick question on the brokered sweeps. Your yield went up -- net yield went up again. You've had pricing power. How long do you think the pricing power can last? I mean deposits in the industry have seemingly stabilized for banks. Does that start to erode some of that pricing power? What's your outlook on the sweep pricing? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. We're still seeing a lot of demand for these deposits across the banks that we deal with. So we still think that there's pricing power. But in fairness, the pricing power we're talking about is 5 basis points to 10 basis points, which on the balances of $17 billion is meaningful, but it pales in comparison to what's happening with the base rates nowadays and what might happen, going down or up. So we still think there's pricing power. There's a lot of demand for these deposits. But we're hopeful that over the next year or 2, we're using more of these deposits to grow the balance sheet and support clients with loan activity, which generates a higher yield and returns for the firm overall. 
James Mitchell: Great. Makes sense. And then maybe as a follow-up on just sort of the large team pipeline sort of at a record. I think you highlighted that last quarter as well. How much of that is -- what is your win rate among the large teams? Do you feel like it's getting better? And how much is in the pipeline versus actually in the door, I guess, when I think about just as you win new mandates and new clients and FAs? 
Paul Reilly: Yes. I don't know if I have those exact numbers. I will say, we didn't see $10 million teams a year or 2 [ ago ]. Now we see $20 million and $30 million teams that are -- the batting average is pretty good, but there's a lot of competition. We're not the highest payer, but we still -- we're still doing really, really well. Yes, we have a lot in the door. But right now, when we say in the pipeline, they're not committed. We're in the middle of -- we're right there neck and neck, and I think we have a pretty good read on who will come in or not or who are close and you just stay at it. 
 So -- but it's a large number, and we're actually honestly a little surprised. I think it's both the growth of our firm and our platform, the high net worth initiatives that we've had and what we've built really since Alex Brown has joined us with [ their help ] being a place for people and the high net and ultrahigh net worth feel very comfortable. And then our technology and our systems and culture, it's all combined to add it to a place where, frankly, if you'd asked us a couple of years ago, we would say -- we wouldn't have told you we'd expected $10 million, $20 million, $30 million teams, multiple teams at one time. So our job is to get them in the door, right? So the good ones. So that's what we work hard on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark McLaughlin from Bank of America. 
Mark McLaughlin: For my first one, I was curious, how do you view your use of transition assistance and loans to financial advisers? I know some of your competitors use that a lot in terms of generating growth. How do you view your competitivity in that space? 
Paul Reilly: Yes. First, everyone uses them. So if you want to recruit with zero transition of systems, good luck. I mean you might bring some people in, but not much. I mean advisers feel there's a value to their practices and want a fair return on those. So that is part of recruiting for all the firms, not so much in the RIA channel, but certainly in the employee and independent channel. We consistently, since my time and before, have not been the highest on purpose. And we want -- we've always said it's part of self-selection that we want people to come because they believe it's the right place, not for the highest check. Now having said that, in the last few years, transition of systems has gone up. So we've had to make adjustments. But I mean we're rarely ever the highest offer. I mean we rarely match the highest offer, and we still have a very good batting average. But that's part of the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: Paul, I was wondering if you could just expand a little bit on the comment earlier to Bill's point around building excess capital position and the fact that the last time you guys were over 12% Tier 1 leverage, you went out and did a significant number of deals. So maybe articulate a little bit more what the M&A pipelines look like for the business today and what areas within Raymond James look most interesting from an inorganic perspective. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. Well, honestly, there's a lot of opportunities in all of our business segments. We've been -- we think there's inorganic opportunities. The challenge is you just don't know -- some are on the market. Many we keep in touch with and say is this a good time for you to look at teaming with us versus competing with us. And I think during the last year with everything going on, discussions are up. Now when you can close those or when they're actionable or -- and frankly, in this market where we suffer a little bit from what our own M&A business does, that the sellers' price expectations adjust much slower than the buyers do. So just take in our industry with cash sorting right? We've always said conservatively, we'd expect cash sorting to continue, which it has over the last year. And many people were saying, "Well, cash sorting is over, and this should be our -- this should be the EBITDA you value us on." So we just say, no, we don't think so. 
 And so part of that sometimes solves over timing or part of that people say, "Well, at this valuation, we're not going to sell," and that happens in all the segments. But the number of dialogues are up. The interest, I mean, sustain dialogues. And some we walk from. Some they walk from. Some we just say, "Hey, maybe it's not the right timing price-wise." And that was no different to the dynamic a few years ago and then all of a sudden, [ 4 ] we were after for a while and [ 2 ] would came out of the blue almost [ that we found are ] closed. So we can't predict that timing and don't want to even try because there's nothing concrete to predict it. But when there's enough activity, you want to make sure you have enough capital that if that time does come, that you can execute. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys: I wanted to come back to some of your comments on the recruiting backdrop. I was hoping you might be able to elaborate a bit on the competitive environment today versus, say, 6 or 12 months ago for recruiting and how you might expect that to evolve if rates come down over the next year or 2. 
Paul Reilly: On recruiting, since my 15th year, I think, in this role -- I mean, since I've been here, everybody told me recruiting was going to slow down, and it's just picked up. There would be aging advisers. There'd be no more advisers left. And we see teams in their 40s that have bigger books than we've ever seen before. So I think the recruiting potential is going to stay there. I think we have a unique value proposition given our size on one hand with -- and our A ratings across the 3 rating agencies; our capital on the other hand, allowing independents and Freedom advisers to own their books so they can leave if they want to leave. The technology platform and wealth, we think, is second to none, and that's what the industry awards would say. 
 So you got to keep competing, and it hasn't slowed down yet. Probably the biggest change in the competitive landscape has been RIA roll-ups that pay prices that we can't quite figure out, and it's a bet on aggregating and being able to go to market at some point even though those private multiples are much higher than the public multiples. So that's a new competitor. It's kind of led price. Now people are selling their firms versus having people still kind of owning their businesses. So that's the newest dynamic. And in an area which is -- I call it new competitor. But again, it's the adviser's choice, right, how do they want to practice, if they want to own their business and get all the support of a leading technology or a great place, if they want to sell their business at a pretty high multiple to roll up. So we're trying to aggregate and then monetize later. I mean that's certainly a viable market option that wasn't really there 3 years ago. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Paul Reilly, I turn the call back over to you for some final closing remarks. 
Paul Reilly: Great. I just want to thank you all for attending. I think we're in great shape with, certainly, good tailwinds with that asset number being up 9%. The markets may surprise us all, continue to be robust. But if they continue, we're in great shape there. And the cash dynamic will sort itself at some time. If the forward curve is right at all, even if it's delayed, that will ultimately be a tailwind when that happens. But right now, we just -- as you know, we're conservative. So we always look at it as [indiscernible] [ Paul about this ] 5% decline in the last few quarters. We haven't quite hit that yet, [ so we did ] it again, but we don't know. So we try to be conservative. And if rates do moderate or come in, we'll get some tailwinds there for the industry. So thanks for joining, and we'll talk to you again. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-10-25 17:00:00) =====
Kristina Waugh: Good afternoon, and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded, and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations Web site. I am Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, and thank you for joining us today. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed today is available on our Investor Relations Web site. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to slide two, please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success integrating acquired businesses, divestitures, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, could, anticipates, expects, believes or continue or negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in these statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations Web site. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our presentation and press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good evening and thank you for joining us today. I've spent a lot of time in these last few weeks in front of our advisors. First, traveling with our top-producing independent advisors on a great trip, great to see the success in their business and the positive nature of how they feel about the firm. And then, attending our RCF Conference, our RIA division and clearing firm. Again, that division is over 10% of our private client group assets now. And it's great to see the growth and the enthusiasm there also. Now turning to our results, despite the challenging environment, which included a regional banking crisis, heightened volatility, and rapidly rising interest rates, we generated record net revenues and earnings for the last fiscal year. That's our third consecutive year of record results in very different market environments, was achieved by staying true to our core; we put clients first, we act with integrity, we value independence, and think long-term. These core values are more than words on a page, they are lived day in and day out by our advisors and associates. This dedication and focus provide stability during tough economic times and what makes me confident about our continued success in the future. Reviewing fourth quarter results, starting on slide four, the firm reported record quarterly net revenues of $3.05 billion, a net income available to common shareholders of $432 million or $2.02 per diluted share. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $457 million or $2.13 per diluted share. The increase in asset management revenues and interest-related revenues drove significant revenue growth over the prior year, with net revenues increasing 8%. Quarterly results were negatively impacted by elevated provisions for legal and regulatory matters, including an incremental $55 million provision related to the previously disclosed SEC industry sweep on off-platform communications. This provision resulted in an impact during the quarter of $0.26 per diluted share. We generated strong returns for the fiscal fourth quarter with an annualized return on common equity of 17.3%, an annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 22.2%, a great result particularly given our strong capital base. Moving on to slide five, the year-over-year client asset growth was strong driven by organic growth in all of our affiliation options, along with market appreciation. We ended the quarter with a total client assets under administration of $1.26 trillion, PCG-based and fee-based accounts of $683 billion, and financial assets under management of $196 billion. With our continuing focus on retaining, supporting, and attracting high-quality financial advisors, PCG consistently generate strong organic growth, which was evident again this year with domestic net new assets of $14.2 billion in the fiscal fourth quarter, representing a 5% annualized growth rate on beginning-of-the-period domestic PCG assets. For the fiscal year, domestic net new assets of $73 billion reflected a 7.7% annual growth rate, which is a leading result in the industry. During the fiscal year, we recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels financial advisors with approximately $250 million of trailing 12 production and nearly $38 billion of client assets of their pervious firms. These results do not include our RIA and custody services business, RCS, which had another strong year in recruited results. More importantly, we continue to maintain a very low [regrettable] (ph) attrition levels of financial advisors at about 1%. These factors contributed to our annual NNA growth of 7.7%. Total clients' domestic sweep and Enhanced Savings Program balances ended the quarter at $56 billion, down 3% compared to June of 2023. The Enhanced Savings Program, with its competitive rate and robust FDIC insurance coverage, continued to attract significant cash this quarter, partially offsetting a decline in client sweep balances largely due to quarterly fee billings and cash sorting activity. Total bank loans increased 1% from the preceding quarter to $44 billion, reflecting muted loan demand to our target markets, giving rising rates in the macroeconomic uncertainty. Moving on to slide six, Private Client Group generated record results with quarterly net revenues of $2.27 billion, and pre-tax income of $477 million. Year-over-year, results were lifted by strong asset-based revenues and the benefit of higher interest rates on interest-related revenues and fees. The Capital Markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $341 million, and a pre-tax loss of $7 million. Revenue declined 15% compared to the prior-year quarter mostly driven by lower fixed income brokerage in investment banking revenues. However, we were pleased to see a sequential improvement in M&A and advisory revenues this quarter. Additionally, our public finance business had improved results with debt underwriting growing 32% sequentially. The extremely challenging market environment, particularly for investment banking, has strained the near-term profitability of segment results. And as we explained previously, the segment results are negatively impacted by amortization of share-based compensation from prior years as well as growth investments. We remain focused on managing controllable expenses as near-term revenues are depressed. The Asset Management segment generated pre-tax income of $100 million on net revenues of $236 million. The increases in net revenue and pre-tax income over the preceding quarter were largely the result of higher assets in PCG fee-based accounts at the beginning of a quarterly billing period and strong net flows in Raymond James Investment Management, which generated $920 million of net inflows during the fiscal fourth quarter, and $2.2 billion of net inflows in the fiscal year. The Bank segment generated net revenues of $451 million and pre-tax income of $78 million. Fourth quarter NIM for the Bank segment, of 2.87%, declined four basis points compared to a year-ago quarter, and 39 basis points compared to the preceding quarter primarily due to a higher cost mix of deposits. We continue to add diverse higher-cost funding sources with our Enhanced Savings Program, and consequentially shifted more of the lower-cost sweep funding to third-party banks. In a few minutes, Paul Shoukry will discuss this further. While this negatively impacted the Bank segment NIM, there is an offset in higher RJBDP third-party bank fees. So, still a net positive for the firm overall, while also providing advisors an attractive deposit alternative to offer their clients. Looking at fiscal 2023 results on slide seven, we generated record net revenues of $11.6 billion and record net income available to common shareholders of $1.7 billion, up 6% and 15% respectively over the prior year's records. Additionally, we generated strong returns on common equity of 17.7%, and adjusted returns on tangible common equity of 22.5% for the fiscal year. On slide eight, the strength of the PCG and Bank segments for the fiscal year primarily reflects the benefit of strong organic growth in the Private Client Group, the successful integration of TriState Capital, and the benefit from higher short-term interest rates. When compared to the record activity levels in the year-ago period, weaker capital markets results reflect the challenging environment for investment banking and fixed income brokerage revenues despite incremental revenues from the SumRidge acquisition, which we completed in June of 2022. And now, I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry for a more detailed review of our fourth quarter results. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. Starting on slide 10, consolidated net revenues were a record were a record $3.05 billion in the fourth quarter, up 8% over the prior year and 5% sequentially. Asset management and related administrative fees grew 12% compared to the prior-year quarter and 5% sequentially due to the higher assets in fee-based accounts at the end of the preceding quarter. This quarter, fee-based assets declined 2%, which will be a headwind for our asset management and related administrative fees in the fiscal first quarter of 2024. Brokerage revenues of $480 million were flat year-over-year, and increased 4% sequentially. Year-over-year, the lower fixed income brokerage revenues in the Capital Markets segment were offset by higher brokerage revenues in PCG. I'll discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment banking revenues of $202 million declined 7% year-over-year. Sequentially, the 34% increase was driven predominantly by higher M&A and advisory revenues as well as a solid quarter for public finance. We are cautiously optimistic that the environment for M&A is improving, and we continue to see a healthy investment banking pipeline and solid new business activity. However, there remains a lot of uncertainty in the pace and timing of deals launching and closing given the heightened market volatility and geopolitical concerns. So, while we may not see significant improvement in the next fiscal quarter, we are hoping for better results over the next 6 to 12 months. Other revenues of $54 million were down 33% compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to lower revenues from affordable housing investments. The pipeline for that business remains strong, but several closings slipped to fiscal 2024 due to higher interest rates. Moving to slide 11, clients domestic cash sweep and enhanced saving program balances ended the quarter at $56.4 billion, down 3% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 5.1% of domestic PCG client assets. Advisors continue to serve their clients effectively, leveraging our competitive cash offerings. The Enhanced Savings Program grew approximately $2.4 billion in deposits this quarter. A large portion of the total cash coming into ESP has been new cash brought to the firm by advisors, highlighting the attractiveness of this product and Raymond James being viewed as a source of strength and stability. As many eligible clients have now taken advantage of this product, the pace of flows into the Enhanced Savings Program has understandably decelerated. Through Monday of this week, sweep and ESP balances are down approximately $620 million for the month of October, as growth in ESP balances was more than offset by the quarterly fee billings, as expected. We continue to believe we are closer to the end of the cash sorting dynamic than we are to the beginning. However, until rates stabilize, we would not be surprised to see further yield-seeking behavior by clients. Sweep balances with third-party banks were $15.9 billion at the quarter end, giving us a large funding cushion when attractive growth opportunities surface. The strong growth of Enhanced Savings Program balances at Raymond James Bank has allowed for more balances to be deployed off balance sheet. While this dynamic has negatively impacted the bank segment's NIM because of the geography of the lower-cost sweep balances being swept off balance sheet, it ultimately provides clients with an attractive deposit solution while also optimizing the firm's funding flexibility. Looking forward, we have ample funding in capital to support attractive loan growth. Turning to slide 12, combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $711 million, nearly flat from the immediately preceding quarter, as a sequential decrease in firm-wide net interest income was offset by higher RJBDP fees from third-party banks. If you recall, on our last earnings call, we anticipated a 5% sequential decline in these interest-related revenues, so we are pleased with the better-than-expected result, which was partly a function of higher-than-anticipated yields on RJBDP third-party balances. The Bank segment's net interest margin decreased 39 basis points sequentially to 2.87% for the quarter, while the average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks increased 23 basis points to 3.6%. While there are many variables that will impact actual results, absent any changes to short-term interest rates, we currently expect combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks to be around 5% lower in the fiscal first quarter as compared to the fiscal fourth quarter. And that's just based on spot balances after the fee billings this quarter. As experienced over the past two quarters, this guidance may prove to once again be conservative if cash sweep balances stabilize around current levels, and or if the bank assets grow more than anticipated during the rest of the quarter. But as we have always said, instead of concentrating on maximizing NIM over the near-term, we're more focused on preserving flexibility and growing net interest income in RJBDP fees over the long-term, which we believe we are still well positioned to do. As many of you may recall, our expectation has always been that the industry would over earn on interest income early on in a rising rate environment, and then experienced some normalization of interest earnings, as clients redeploy their cash to higher yielding alternatives. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 13, compensation expense was $1.89 billion, and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 62%. The adjusted compensation ratio was 61.4% during the quarter, which we are very pleased with, especially given the challenging environment for capital markets. Non-compensation expenses of $576 million increased 1% sequentially. As Paul Reilly mentioned earlier, the fiscal fourth quarter included the incremental provision related to the previously disclosed SEC industry sweep on off platform communications of $55 million, resulting in impact during the quarter of $0.26 per diluted share. Combined with the provision in the fiscal third quarter, we are confident that we are now fully reserved for this matter. The bank loan provision for credit losses for the quarter of $36 million increased $2 million over the prior year quarter, and decreased $18 million compared to the preceding quarter. I'll discuss more related to the credit quality in the bank segment shortly. In summary, while there has been some noise with elevated provisions for legal and regulatory matters this year, adjusted non-compensation expenses, excluding loan loss provision. And those legal and regulatory provisions came in very close to our annual expectation of $1.7 billion. Reinforcing that we remain focused on managing expenses while continuing to invest in growth in ensuring high service levels for advisors and their clients. Slide 14 shows the pretax margin trend over the past five quarters. In the current quarter, we generated a pretax margin of 19.2% and adjusted pretax margin of 20.3%, a strong result given the industry-wide challenges impacting capital markets in the aforementioned legal and regulatory provision. On slide 15, at quarter end, total assets were $78.4 billion, a 1% sequential increase. Liquidity and capital remain very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $2.1 billion well above our $1.2 billion target. The Tier-1 leverage ratio of 11.9% and total capital ratio of 22.8% are both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. The 11.9% Tier 1 leverage ratio reflects nearly $1.5 billion of excess capital above our conservative 10% target, which would still be 2x more than the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. Our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. We also have significant sources of contingent funding. We have a $750 million revolving credit facility and nearly $9.5 billion of FHLB capacity in the Bank segment. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. During the fiscal year, the firm repurchased 8.35 million shares of common stock for $788 million, an average price of $94 per share. As of October 25, 2023, approximately $750 million remained available under the Board's approved common stock repurchase authorization. While we didn't complete any repurchases in the fourth quarter, due to self-imposed restrictions, just to be prudent, given our knowledge of the aforementioned SEC, off-platform matter, we remain committed to our planned repurchases to offset dilution from the TriState Capital acquisition, and the share-based compensation as we previously discussed. Lastly, on slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for our Bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio is solid. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.17%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.07%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses on corporate loans, as a percent of total corporate loans held for investment was 2.03% at quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve. But we are continuing to closely monitor any impacts of inflation, supply chain constraints, higher interest rates, and a potential recession on our corporate loan portfolio. Given industry-wide challenges, we continue to closely monitor the commercial real estate portfolio, and more specifically the office portfolio. We have prudently limited the exposure to Office loans, which represents just 3% of the Bank segments total loans. Now I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said from the start of the call, I am pleased with our results for the fiscal 2023 and our ability to generate record earnings even in challenging market conditions. The record results this fiscal year once again highlight the strength of our diverse and complementary businesses. And while there is still near-term economic uncertainty, I believe we are in a position of strength and are well positioned to drive growth over the long-term across all of our businesses. In the Private Client Group, next quarter results will be negatively impacted by the 2% sequential decline in assets and fee-based accounts. Near-term, we expect some headwinds to enter sensitive earnings at both PCG and the Bank segment given ongoing cash sorting activity. However, I am optimistic we will continue delivering industry leading growth as current and prospective advisors are attracted to our client focused values, and leading technology and product solutions. Our advisor recruiting activity has picked up significantly over the last two months with record numbers of large teams in the pipeline. In the Capital Market segment, as we saw this quarter, there are some signs of improvement in investment banking, and we continue to have a healthy M&A pipeline and good engagement levels. But while there are still reasons for optimism, we expect the pace and timing of transactions to be heavily influenced by market conditions and would expect activity to likely pick up over the next six to 12 months. And in the fixed income space, the dynamics of last year persist. Depository clients are experiencing declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on our brokerage activity. We hope once rates and cash balances stabilize, we can start to see an improvement. So, while there are some near-term challenges, we believe the capital markets business is well positioned for growth given the investments we've made over the past five years, which have significantly increased our productive capacity and market share. In the Asset Management segment, financial assets under management are starting the fiscal quarter down 2% compared to the preceding quarter, which should create a headwind to revenue. We remain confident that strong growth of assets and fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James Investment Management to help drive further growth through increased scale, distribution, operational and marketing synergies. In the Bank segment, we remain focused on fortifying the balance sheet with diversified funding sources and prudently growing assets to support client demand. We have seen securities-based loan payoffs decelerate, and are starting to experience growth. We expect demand for these loans to recover as clients get comfortable with the current level of rates. With little activity in the market, corporate loan growth has been tepid. However, spreads have improved, and with ample cash sitting on third-party banks and lots of capital, we are well-positioned to lend once activity increases. In closing, entering fiscal 2024, we believe our strong competitive positioning in all of our businesses along with our ample capital and liquidity has us well-positioned to drive future growth. I want to thank our advisors and associates for their continued perseverance and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day, especially in uncertain times when clients need trusted advice the most. Thank you for all you do. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, will you open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Was hoping you could expand upon the record backlog you talked about for advisors joining your platform, maybe some context around the size and scope of that? And also, it seems like there is more industry movement. You mentioned attrition being very low for the year. Just wondering if you're seeing any uptick in terms of attrition across your platform more recently as you mentioned more advisor movement across the industry?
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well, that's a good question. I think that, first, the attrition still stayed around 1%, that's slightly up from last year but it's in the same ballpark, kind of rounding. So, we're happy to see that given the market has been very, very competitive. If you look at industry data, advisor movement is down about 15% industry-wide, if you believe the data. But what we're seeing in terms -- what we're not seeing in number of advisors we're seeing in size of team. So, just last month, we added a bank platform with $3 billion in assets, 27 advisors. And when we look at the backlog, especially in the last two months, the number of teams that are generating $10 million to $20 million of revenue, we've never had so many come through at once. So, that has been a really big pickup that's -- and the pipeline, not saying we're going to close them all, but we've never had this many at one time where we're down to the final negotiating line, as well as people that have committed we haven't announced. So, it's been a pickup from a little slower activity, but I would say that, between last year and this year, it's just last year was larger teams at the end, this year it's just significant number of very large teams that are in the pipeline.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, it's helpful. And then just a question as you think about the coming fiscal year and expenses, if the capital markets activity remain somewhat depressed or around these levels, should we think about non-comp expenses or how should we think about non-comp expense and levers that you think or you're looking to pull to potentially improve the profitability and/or even maintain profitability in a more challenged revenue environment?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean for capital market specifically, most of the expenses are comp expenses. And we had continued to invest in that business, even through this difficult environment, we were opportunistic, as we explained in our Analyst Day, in adding about a dozen MDs particularly to our healthcare group and other groups. So, we're still investing in the business long-term. We think it's attractive. We have a great platform there. Really, if you look at the losses that the [debt] (ph) segment generated this year, about $150 million of it or $135 million of it or so was related to growth expenses and retention expense -- deferred comp expenses that we're amortizing throughout the year, so more than the entire loss of the segment was really growth-related or deferred comp-related. So, overall, as to the firm, non-compensation expenses we expect will continue to grow. We manage them very well this year when we talked about excluding the legal, and regulatory in the loan loss provision, we're already close to that $1.7 billion target we laid out a year ago. And we expect it to continue growing from this level because a lot of those costs are growth expenses, whether it be the FDIC insurance expenses, we continue to put more deposits at the bank, et cetera. So, they were negatively impacted this year by legal and regulatory after a very benign year last year, but net-net we would continue to expect non-compensation expenses to grow, while also being very focused on managing the controllable expenses that we can manage while still ensuring high support levels for advisors and their clients.
Dan Fannon: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt of KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good evening. So, just with the nearly $1.5 billion of excess capital above that 10% target, you mentioned the suspension repurchases in the quarter due to knowing about the regulatory matter. When we think about the pace of repurchases in fiscal 2024, Paul, should we still think about that $300 million to $350 million per quarter run rate or should we expect a little bit of a catch up given there were no repurchases last quarter and given how much excess capital you have on the balance sheet?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think when you think about excess capital, I would just start with the capital prioritization framework that we've been following almost since our inception really, which is, first and foremost, to use the excess capital to invest in growth. So, Paul talked about the prospects that we have for organic growth, which we're pretty bullish on right now just given the pipeline, not only in PCG, bur really across our businesses. And then we're also active on the acquisition front, looking at opportunities that are a good cultural fit, first and foremost, but that would also be good strategic fits. And pricing across all M&A right now is challenging because there are gaps between buyers and sellers, but we feel like we can, through continued dialogue, find good opportunities there over time. And then to the extent that we can invest the capital in growth and we have this -- our ongoing dividend, which is 20% to 30% of earnings, and then buybacks. And we do have to play some catch-up on the buybacks since we didn't do any this quarter. I think we have about $250 million more to offset the issuance associated with TriState acquisition in two years of share-based compensation. So, we'll get back to doing that. And then we have a commitment to offset dilution going forward, which is about $200 million a year. But if we have the excess capital which we currently have and we deem the price to be attractive, then we would obviously be opportunistic above and beyond that offsetting of dilution.
Kyle Voigt: Great, thank you. And then just for a follow-up, just want to touch on the admin comp line within the PCG segment, moved lower sequentially in the quarter, came in a bit lower than expected. If we take a step back and look at the full-year, that admin comp grew by more than 15%, which is a similar rate to fiscal 2022, although I think there were some acquisitions in there and some unusual or higher than expected raises that went into effect over that period. As we look out to fiscal 2024 or over the medium-term, just how should we think about growth in that admin comp line on a normalized basis?
Paul Shoukry: You've touched on it, that 16% growth in PCG admin comp does include growth investments, a full year of Charles Stanley is in there, as well as all of the support staff for all of the advisors that we bring onboard, that their compensation goes into the admin comp as well. So, we've invested in the platform, and this year we had, on top of that, as you pointed out, we were very generous in passing on the financial success for the associates in the form of higher raises last year, and then that's reflected in these numbers as well. Looking forward, we are again focused -- again while expecting continued growth in this line item, certainly would expect it to sort of be a reduction in the growth rate from what we experienced this year, given the aforementioned factors.
Kyle Voigt: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS. Your line is open.
Benjamin Rubin: Hi, this is Ben Rubin filling in for Brennan. Thank you for taking my question. I first want to ask about the composition of the loan book. We did see some growth in the loan book and the balance sheet for the first time in several quarters. I guess, my first question is, how are you thinking about balance sheet growth on the loan side in fiscal year 2024, maybe on commercial versus consumer underwriting? And then also, what type of balance sheet growth does your NII guide interpret as we look to next quarter? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Yes, the near-term NII guide factors in very modest loan growth, just given the environment still being pretty -- in terms of the demand being pretty muted, particularly on the corporate side now. But we were pleased to see the growth during the quarter. And a lot of it was driven by securities-based loans and residential mortgages. And while we expect mortgage volume to decelerate, given much higher rates now, we are optimistic about the securities-based loan portfolio in both Raymond James Bank and TriState as we look forward over the next 12 months. And that's based on two factors. The first is the repayments of those balances have really stabilized, as you would expect, accelerated significantly as rates were rising, almost doubling in some cases over the last 12 months. And so, that has stabilized. And we are starting to see new origination. And on the TriState Capital side, a lot of benefit from what they call transitions, or essentially existing clients bringing on and recruiting new advisors. So, we are optimistic about that portfolio going forward over the next 12 months.
Paul Shoukry: I would just add, we are open for business, we have more than adequate cash and buffer, and certainly the capital, and it's really just the loan demand. So, hopefully, the SBLs continue to go from being repaid to starting to grow, as we saw the indication last quarter. The mortgage business is obviously slow. And the commercial loans, we're open to it. But it's a very slow market. And spreads are widening for the deals that are coming out. But again, it's more of a muted market. So, you saw this quarter, we're open for business. We just have to find the loans that we're comfortable with.
Benjamin Rubin: Great, that's very helpful. And then, for my follow-up, I'll kind of touch back on Dan's first question about net new assets. So, net new asset growth in the quarter was 5%. It's a bit below the high single-digit percentages you guys have been printing in recent years. I was just wondering if you can give me some color if there was any noise, any advisor departures that were lumpy that may have impacted the quarter, and whether or not this, let's call it, mid-single-digit range is more appropriate. Or should we kind of -- is it some revert back to the high single digits once the advisor market, if it does improve from here? Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: I think for the quarter, I mean, it's been a dynamic year in a lot of ways, in terms of as you look at advisor count. I think that we had one program, which we previously talked about, that we exited from the platform. We kept 60% of the advisors, 40% left. And it cost us $4.6 billion in assets and 60 advisors. But we think from a profitability and long term, it was the right program. If you look just this month, again, adding a $3 billion bank program and 27 advisors just in one recruit, there are a lot of big projects like that. So, we're still optimistic whether we get the double digits we had in a couple of quarters. It's a big number, depending on the markets. But we expect to do very, very well. But that'll be up to recruiting and what happens to the Capital Markets. So, I don't know if you have anything to add, Paul.
Benjamin Rubin: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Chubak: Good afternoon, Paul and Paul.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Steve.
Paul Shoukry: Hey, Steve.
Steven Chubak: Hey. So, I wanted to start off with a question on spread revenue, came in better than your guidance in the quarter, it also trended better than what we saw at some of your peers and given you have a larger proportion of client cash that swept to third-party banks, to what extent is the spread revenue benefit from improved pricing from those partner banks provide any incremental boost. We know banks are seeking out alternative sources of liquidity. There's a lot of demand for that whether you benefit from any improved pricing on some of those third-party sweeps?
Paul Reilly: I think our better performance than many peers is really just a reflection of our long-term focus on kind of maintaining a flexible approach that's focused on giving clients as much FDIC insurance as possible. And you see that with the growth and enhanced savings program balances, which give us more flexibility in that dry powder that effectively puts more sweep balances with third-party banks as we await growth of the Bank's balance sheet as Paul discussed earlier. And that in that dynamic, as you point out, Steve is absolutely correct. The banks, the demand from third-party banks is only increasing by the week and as contracts renew, we are able to renew at more favorable terms. So, that played a role, bigger picture of what really played a role was us just maintaining that sort of long-term flexible approach to managing the balance sheet and offering clients as much FDIC coverage as we possibly can to our various products.
Steven Chubak: It's great. And for my follow-up, wanted to drill down into some of the October deposit trends, Paul that you would say that, given the sensitivity of spread revenue to changes in deposit mix, I was hoping you could provide some additional granularity disaggregating this sweep and ESP deposit levels and maybe help size the impact of the advisor payout?
Paul Reilly: When you say the advisor payout, are you referring to the quarterly fee billings or what have you…
Steven Chubak: Quarterly fee billings, which honestly, I care less about that, I really just was hoping to get the ESP and sweep deposit levels disaggregated given the sensitivity?
Paul Reilly: Got it. Yes, so we were down as a couple of days ago, $600 million, but this does bounce around from day-to-day. I mean, we had a $200 million positive day, yesterday, so at quarter-end we have $500 million. So, the balances are at numbers, we're not used to high and low coming in and out. But the enhanced savings program is up probably $200 million to $300 million so far this month. And so, the net and the offset to that would obviously be the sweep balances, which frankly are doing much better than we would have expected given that we had the quarterly fee billings earlier this month as well. So, net-net cash to be down 500 to 600. When you add those two components, considering the $1.2 billion of quarterly fee billings, we're pretty pleased with our situation right now. But again, it's day to day can change today or tomorrow. So, we're going to monitor it closely.
Steven Chubak: Sorry, go ahead.
Paul Reilly: Important thing for us, I mean just not on earnings, but the fact that we have so much money to third-party bank. So, we could use if we wanted to. And we really haven't been borrowing. So, we have a lot of comfort to be able to go ahead and still have all the flexibility we need. But there has been the mix change with ESP with higher deposit costs. That's what you've been seeing net-net.
Steven Chubak: Got it, that's helpful color. Thanks for taking my questions.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark McLaughlin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Mark McLaughlin: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you could provide us with some more color around deposit cost mix and specifically the pickup in money market and savings account yield?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think we just sort of covered the growth and enhanced savings program balance for us, I mean in terms of the deposit cost, that is the biggest factor because that those costs somewhere around 5%. And so, to the extent that the mix of the total client cash balances shift to those Enhanced Saving Program balances, you're picking up probably 350 or so, 3.5 percentage points of cost effectively. So, I would say that's probably the biggest factor and the higher deposit costs. And why you saw the NIM really contract sequentially was largely due to us intentionally growing the higher cost deposits. But again, a lot of that is geography. Because effectively what we have done is raised the higher cost deposits of the Bank segment to that and savings program, and then essentially shifted more of the lower cost sweep balances to third-party banks. And so, that shows the NIM at the Bank segment, contracting sequentially, but you see the corresponding benefit to the firm with third-party fees, which shows up in the PCG segment. And that's why, as Steve pointed out, we were able to generate better than expected and better than industry trends, at least on the sequential basis.
Mark McLaughlin: Yes, very clear. I appreciate that context. Also, for my follow-up, how is feedback and adoption for RCS been. I was curious on what the mix between outside advisors joining the platform was versus the transition of existing advisors on the platform?
Paul Reilly: I think that the growth has been great, we're over 10% now of our assets in the RCS division. When we first probably opened it, we had a bigger movement of internal people who wanted to go just switched platform, which again as part of the noise and advisor count, when the advisors moved from our employer independent division, we count them as advisors. And once we're in the RCS, they're not registered. They're RIAs. So, they're one firm, right? So, we dropped them out of the advisor count, so but the assets have stayed and I think the proof point in that is the growth, D&A and assets, which I think for the year, and for the quarter have been above most of the players in the market. The speed and the recruiting outside has picked up to now that we've gotten the platform much more robust and increased the technology significantly. Hopefully the long-term growth will come from the outside. But we do have people here if they want to operate in the RIA format. They're welcome to switch affiliation options. But that has slowed down over the last couple of years from the initial opening of it or more people came over.
Mark McLaughlin: Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
James Mitchell: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Maybe Paul, I mean you talked a lot about sorting, I guess starting to decelerate, ESP growth, decelerating. You have some pricing benefits on third-party sweeps. If we look beyond the first quarter or next quarter in terms of the guidance on rate sensitive revenue, do you start to see things stabilizing? I guess I'm not asking for specific guidance, but if it kind of help us think through the puts and takes and when we start to see those revenues, maybe potentially stabilize?
Paul Reilly: I don't think anyone can really tell you exactly when cash sorting will fully stabilize across the industry. I know a lot of firms have been trying to convince you of that for the last 12 to 18 months, but we've been trying to be pretty transparent with you guys. And so, what we have said in the last three months, at least is that we feel like we're closer to the end of the sorting dynamic than the beginning. And you sort of are seeing that in the numbers. But we're not going to sort of declare an end to that dynamic until we have several months of data to support that. But to your point, longer-term, we are excited about the position that we're in now with a strong capital position, with the $16 billion, almost as cash with third-party banks. That gives us a lot of dry powder to really grow the balance sheet when the attractive opportunities come. And we think we'll be in a position of strength there because not a lot of other firms in our space will have the capital and funding to pursue that attractive growth. So, we're in a great position. Again, it's a reflection of that long-term client focus, the flexible balance sheet that we've always strived to maintain even when being criticized for it over the last few years, but it puts us in a pretty good position now.
Paul Shoukry: I think, Jim, I think for us to really be able to call it in and it's really when interest rates stabilize if the Fed was starting to raise rates again, that ultimately has securities and if it's money market funds, you have a higher rate competitors, so you have to raise rates. I mean that's really the if -- and it appears that the Fed is closer to the end of the cycle of doing that, and rates stabilize, I think sorting will stabilize also.
James Mitchell: Right. That's fair. And maybe just to follow-up on the credit side, some pretty big additions to reserves. You said you feel comfortable. I guess, what changes that, you mentioned macro, just trying to think through how you're feeling about the credit provision story there, given that loan growth has been pretty flattish.
Paul Shoukry: We think credits are -- we like the profile, we like the risk, we've always tried to be proactive on adding to reserves to make sure we're well-reserved and often are ahead of movements. The one thing we don't control sometimes is our models. Some of our macroeconomic models are based on Moody's. If they change their outlook, that has an impact to us. But we try to stay ahead of the credit and more, as you could see in '09 through a very tough credit period, we did pretty well, but we're pretty credit tough. Maybe what's different this cycle and starting in COVID, we have sold off loans, but we didn't like the credit yield trade-offs and risk trade-offs, and we continue to do that kind of a one-off basis. So, that's been an extra tool that we've used to manage credit. So, we're feeling pretty good. Now, if the economy spins out of control, then you've got other issues. But it seems like even if things slowdown, which they may. As long as people are employed and buying, we think we'll get through it pretty well.
James Mitchell: Right. So, the additions are more macro-driven rather than specific concerns internally?
Paul Shoukry: I would say the additions this quarter were sort of a number of items of specific loans where we, as Paul said, try to get in front of it with additional reserves when possible. There are also a modest amount, I think, charge-offs are flat sequentially. So, nothing thematic, we feel good about the portfolio overall, but we try to get ahead of things, especially when the market environment is as unpredictable as it is, as Paul said.
Paul Reilly: For last quarter, the macro had a bigger impact than it did this quarter. It wasn't a big macro outlook change this quarter. That's right.
James Mitchell: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. Thanks, Paul and Paul. And most have been covered here, but I do want to just touch on the fixed-income businesses briefly. So, the debt underwriting obviously had its best quarter in some time, it can be a little bit of seasonality there, but did have a better result than some peers. So, just curious whether that's some idiosyncratic deals or if you're actually seeing conditions for that business maybe starting to improve a little bit from depressed levels. And then, I guess, conversely, the fixed-income brokerage business took a little bit of a step lower from already a pretty tough level. So, just whether you see any catalysts on the horizon that could drive better results there as well.
Paul Shoukry: I think the fixed-income debt, certainly the activity was up. We did have a pretty big deal in the quarter also. So, that was part of the pickup and it's long-term client we're in rotation. We happen to have a big -- our term for kind of the big underwriting. So, it's a little bit of both, I would say, but certainly the big deal had an impact. And I just -- the lack of interest rate kind of, as Paul talked about with the depositories, without excess cash, they're waiting for stabilizing too. So, that part of our franchise has certainly been slow. And I think in general, the trading has been, as you look at spreads, whether in AAA munis or mortgage securities or stuff that have very high spreads. Right now, people are just waiting for rates to pick out because certainly the spreads there are higher than they've been in a while, but the activity is not way up. So, I think people are waiting to feel like they know where interest rates are going to stabilize. And until then, it's going to be a tough business, maybe a little better. It's hard for it to get a lot lower, not impossible, but when it really picks up is I think you're going to have to see more of a stabilized outlook and interest rates.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay.
Paul Shoukry: I mean, the big ad has been, SumRidge has done extremely well since joining us, too. So, they've been a great addition and well ahead of what we would expect in the traditional business, but at lows given the interest rate environment.
Devin Ryan: Yes, got it. Okay. Good color there. And then, just follow-up briefly just on kind of corporate M&A, I hear all the comments around growth opportunities with capital and obviously opportunistic buybacks, but just more broadly, how you would just characterize the flow of deals you're seeing across the firm right now? And then just where the appetite is at the moment, just given the higher cost of capital how much of that calculation and maybe appetite for M&A has changed because you guys clearly have been acquisitive over the last several years here.
Paul Shoukry: I think that first, cost of capital is impacting deals. So, it's two things. First, it's pricing. So, with the buyers, the cost of capital is saying, well, this is significantly higher, and pricing has been slower to come down, which isn't unusual in other M&A cycles that I've lived through. The price is slowest to adjust, and so that we have empathy for M&A bankers because we look at things too. We have the same thing when you look at debt was free and then you layer on a seven or eight or whatever the cost of rate is, and especially for a lot of M&A firms where it's more higher risk debt. I mean, it impacts the pricing. It just has to. So, we see that both in the M&A business, it's backed up. So, you can see people doing deals now in the fourth quarter. We don't expect the next quarter to be a lot different, but backlog's good. People are waiting, but that gap, which I think a lot of it's from lending pricing and the cost of capital is impacting it and you can see it in all the firms. And I'd say the same thing when we run numbers, it has an impact. Even with our excess capital, we assume we have to replace it, it makes it tougher. And most of the prices, most prices adjust a little bit or cost of capital falls. It's going to be harder. Or people just wait it out long enough and go, okay, the lower price is the new price. It's going to take one of those factors for it to really pick up. So, that's why we gave more of a six to 12 month outlook in our M&A business. Just, we think that the market's starting to see that, but let's see if it adjusts or not. I don't think it's going to happen overnight.
Devin Ryan: Okay. That's great. I'll leave it there. Thanks guys.
Paul Shoukry: All right. Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Our final question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good evening. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just a question on the bank capital rules, we've seen some proposals from the banking regulators, including the Basel III Endgame proposal. Just curious how you see that impacting the opportunity set for your capital markets business, given you're under the 100 billion asset threshold. Just curious how you think about the opportunity set for yourselves, but then as you look out over the coming years, I'm sure eventually you probably hope you cross a hundred billion and grow to that level. Just how do you think about that impacting potentially your capital markets business? Which areas you think might be more impacted and how do you think about preparing for that?
Paul Reilly: Well, a couple of things. First at our $78 billion and 1% growth, it's going to take a lot of time to hit a hundred. And I think people forget that one of the big jumps in our assets is because of the TriState acquisition. We have no plans to acquire another bank. In fact, it took us five years of looking to acquire TriState, which was the perfect fit to joining the family. But we're not looking for another banking franchise. Almost anything else we do doesn't significantly drive our asset size. So, we think we've got a certainly I'd say 5 year, you have to cross and then you get a year to comply. So, and it could be much longer. So, I -- most of all the rules as you cited, there was a 100 billion. And so, I think we have time to do that. Now, having said that, we're already internally doing studies on the impact of reporting requirements, the capital requirements, the technology everything that's going to be impacted and the regulatory expectations, which do change, when you cross a 100 billion, so we have both inside and outside how we've been hiring some people, and this is kind of 5 years in advance. So, we're not -- we're not taking it for granted. We know we'll grow, but as you said, almost a 100 billion became the old 500 billion before they changed the rule and then 250 billion. So, it has brought a lot of those rules down for significantly higher heavy -- higher lift. But I think right now that's in the future for us, so always.
Paul Shoukry: And just to add one thing to that timeline, one of the reasons it will be we expect to be around that long is because one of the things we did during COVID is really accommodated client cash balances on the balance sheet to the securities portfolio. And so, we expect over the next year, for example, for a lot of the Bank's loan growth to be essentially funded with securities that mature out of that portfolio, so you don't get as much net growth from the loan growth because it's a repositioning of those assets.
Paul Reilly: Thankful. That's a good clarification, because we still expect to grow the bank loan portfolio, so but it's just as being funded on balance sheet and off balance sheets.
Michael Cyprys: Great. And just a follow-up on that point, as banks that are impacted by the rules, either pullback of certain areas, or reprice certain products, how do you think about the opportunities set for you guys to step in given that the rules won't apply for you for many years? Where do you see the biggest opportunity set for your capital markets business or more broadly, from these rules impacting a lot of banks?
Paul Reilly: I think if you look at acquiring capital markets businesses, or fixed income businesses, or asset management businesses really don't significantly impact our asset size. So, what would really impact is acquiring a bank because you're acquiring balance sheet. Those businesses, especially the M&A, fixed income, like even today we operate. When Morgan Keegan joined us seven or eight years ago, we had a beta of inventory database and inventory today, we have less, we've operated well under the inventory. So, I don't -- we think there's a lot of room to acquire a lot of business, those businesses in that space, without really altering trajectory and talked about $200 billion, it's the banking side that impacts the balance sheet, really. That's not our focus.
Michael Cyprys: Okay, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back to Paul Reilly for closing remarks.
Paul Reilly: So, first, I appreciate the time. It's been really outside the kind of a regulatory charge, it would have been a really outstanding quarter that still is a very good quarter. And so, we're focused still going into an uncertain market. But we've always been in our business have outperformed because of our capital and cash. And especially in down markets, be nice to be enough capital markets and interest rates to come in and then it'll be kind of an easy year, but we always assume we have to work for it every year. Market is competitive. So, we're just doing what we've done. We've been managing expenses. A lot of people say what are you going to do to manage expenses? We have been doing that especially over the last few quarters. And plan to continue to do that until, we can see growth to support those. So, appreciate you joining the call and all the time you spent with us, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Kristina Waugh: Good evening everyone, and thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed today is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to Slide 2. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success integrating acquired businesses, divestitures, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, could, anticipates, expects, believes or continue or negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good evening. Thank you for joining us today. Since our last earnings call, we hosted our two major advisor conferences for both the independent and employee affiliation channels and also had our Chairman's Council Recognition Trip for our top employee advisors. I'm so proud of our advisors' unwavering dedication to serving their clients and helping them to navigate these volatile and uncertain times. Our advisors have also expressed their appreciation of our commitment to managing the firm for the long-term and always striving to be a source of strength and stability for them and their clients. It's these shared values that have resulted in our success through multiple cycles since our founding and what makes me confident about our continued success in the future. Now turning to our results. Despite the challenging environment and elevated market volatility since the Federal Reserve started raising interest rates, we generated record net revenues and earnings for the first nine months of the fiscal year. Reviewing third quarter results, starting on Slide 4, the firm reported record quarterly net revenues of $2.9 billion and net income available to common shareholders of $369 million or $1.71 per diluted share. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $399 million or $1.85 per diluted share. The increase in interest-related revenues driven by higher short-term interest rates drove significant earnings growth over the prior year. Net revenues increased 7%, and net income available to common shareholders grew 23%. Quarterly results were negatively impacted by elevated provisions for legal and regulatory matters of approximately $65 million, and bank loan provision for credit losses of $54 million, which was predominantly driven by significantly weakened macroeconomic assumptions for the Moody's CRE price index utilized in our CECL models. Notwithstanding these items, we had a solid quarter in a tough market environment. We generated strong returns with annualized returns on common equity of 14.9% and annualized adjusted returns on tangible common equity of 19.7%. We believe this is a leading result, especially considering our strong capital base. Moving to Slide 5, the strength of our PCG business really shine driving record assets this quarter. We ended the quarter with record total client assets under administration of $1.28 trillion, record PCG assets and fee-based accounts of $697 billion and financial assets under management of $201 billion. With our continued focus on retaining, supporting and attracting high-quality financial advisers, PCG consistently generates strong organic growth, which was evident again this quarter with domestic net new assets of $14.4 billion, representing a 5.4% annualized growth rate on the beginning of the period domestic PCG assets. However, I'll note net new assets in our adviser count were negatively impacted by an independent contractor relationship whose affiliation with the firm ended in the fiscal third quarter. This was a planned in mutual separation and more than 60% of the assets and advisors stayed with Raymond James. The impact of the portion that moved off the platform this quarter was $4.6 billion in assets and 60 financial advisors through our net new asset metric would have been even stronger after adjusting for this separation, which we do not believe will negatively impact our profitability. During the prior 12 months we recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels financial advisors with approximately $282 million dollars of trailing 12-month production and nearly $38 million dollars of client assets at their previous firms. Total clients domestic sweep and enhanced savings program balances into the quarter at $58 billion dollars up 11% from March of 2023. The enhanced savings program with its competitive rate and robust FDIC insurance continued to attract significant cash this quarter offsetting a decline in client sweep balances largely due to quarterly fee billings and tax payments in April. Total bank loans decreased 1% from the preceding quarter to $43 billion dollars primarily reflecting a modest decline in corporate loans as new origination demand continues to be tepid in the market. Moving to Slide 6, Private Client Group generated record results with quarterly net revenues of $2.18 billion and pre-tax income of $411 million dollars. Year-over-year asset based revenues declined due to market decline. However PCT results were lifted by the benefit of higher interest rates and interest-related revenues and fees. The Capital Markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $276 million dollars and a pre-tax loss of $34 million dollars. Revenues declined 28% compared to the prior year quarter mostly driven by lower investment banking revenues as well as lower fixed income brokerage revenues. The extremely challenging market environment particularly for investment banking has strained the near-term profitability of the segment's results. As we explained at Analysts and Investor Day, the segment's results were negatively impacted by amortization, share based compensation for prior years, as well as growth investments. However we are focused on managing controllable expenses as near-term revenues are depressed. The Asset Management segment generated pre-tax income of $89 million dollars on net revenues of $226 million dollars. The increase in net revenues and pre-tax income over the preceding quarter were largely a result of higher assets and fee-based accounts. The Bank segment generated net revenues of $514 million dollars and pre-tax income of $66 million dollars. Third quarter NIM for the Bank segment of 3.26% rose 85 basis points over the year-ago quarter but as expected decreased 37 basis points from the preceding quarter primarily due to higher funding costs. We continue to add diverse higher cost funding sources and shifted more of the lower cost suite funding to third-party banks. While this negatively impacted the Bank segment's NIM, Paul Shoukry will walk us through how this benefits both clients and the firm overall. Looking at the fiscal year-to-date results on Slide 7, we generated record net revenues of $8.6 billion dollars and record net income available to common shareholders of $1.3 billion dollars, up 5% and 22% respectively over the prior year's records. We aren't seeing many other firms in our industry generate records so far this year. Additionally we generated strong annualized return on common equity of 17.9% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 22.7% for the nine-month period. On Slide 8 the strength of the PCG and Bank segments for the first nine months of the year primarily reflects the benefit of strong organic growth in the Private Client Group, the successful integration of TriState Capital, and higher interest-related revenues. When compared to the record activity levels in the year-ago period weaker capital markets results reflect the challenging environment for investment banking and fixed income brokerage revenue despite incremental revenues from the SumRidge acquisition. And now I'll turn it over to Paul Shoukry for a more detailed review of our third quarter financial results. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. Starting on Slide 10, consolidated net revenues were a record $2.91 billion dollars in the third quarter up 7% over the prior year and 1% sequentially. Being able to generate record quarterly revenues during a period when capital market revenues were so challenged across the industry reinforces the value of having diverse and complementary businesses anchored by the Private Client Group business which reached record client assets this quarter. Asset management and related administrative fees declined 4% compared to the prior year quarter and increased 5% sequentially due to the higher assets and fee-based accounts at the end of the preceding quarter along with one additional billable day in the fiscal third quarter. This quarter fee-based assets grew 5% to a new record providing a tailwind for asset management and related administrative fees in the fiscal fourth quarter. Brokerage revenues of $461 million dollars declined 10% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. This year-over-year decline was largely due to lower fixed income brokerage revenues in the Capital Markets segment as well as lower asset-based trail revenues in PCG. I'll discuss accountant service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment banking revenues of $151 million dollars declined 32% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. As experienced across the industry both underwriting and M&A revenues continue to be challenged this quarter. We are optimistic that the environment is improving and we continue to see a healthy investment banking pipeline and solid new business activity. However there remains a lot of uncertainty in the pace and timings of deals launching and closing given the heightened market volatility. So while we may not see significant improvement in the fiscal fourth quarter, we expect better results over the next six to 12 months. Moving to Slide 11, clients domestic cash sweep and enhanced saving program balances ended the quarter at $58 billion dollars up 11% over the preceding quarter and representing 5.2% of domestic PCG client assets. Advisors continue to serve their clients effectively leveraging our competitive cash offerings. The enhanced savings program attracted approximately $8.5 billion dollars in new deposits this quarter. A large portion of the total cash coming in to ESP has been new cash brought to the firm by advisors highlighting the attractiveness of this product and Raymond James being viewed as a source of strength and stability. The enhanced savings program balances exceeded $11.9 billion dollars this week continuing to grow modestly in partially offsetting the decline in sweep balances largely due to the approximately 1.3 billion dollars of quarterly fee billings in July. As I said on last quarter's call, it feels like we are closer to the end of the cash sorting dynamic than we are to the beginning and we have certainly seen a deceleration of the activity over the past several months. However, we are not ready to declare the end of that dynamic. We will need more time with stable balances and interest rates. This quarter sweep balances with third-party banks increased $7.5 billion to $16.9 billion, giving us a large funding cushion when attractive growth opportunities surface. These third-party balances grew faster than we expected last quarter as a strong growth of enhanced saving program balances at Raymond James Bank allowed for more balances to be deployed off balance sheet. While this dynamic has negatively impacted the Bank segment's NIM because of the geography of the lower cost sweep balances being swept off balance sheet, it ultimately provides clients with an attractive deposit solution while also optimizing the firm's funding flexibility. Looking forward, we have ample funding and capital to support attractive loan growth. Turning to Slide 12, combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $708 million, up 91% over the prior year quarter and down 3% compared to the preceding quarter. The sequential decrease in firm-wide net interest income was partially offset by higher RJBDP fees from third-party banks. If you recall, on our last earnings call, we anticipated a 10% decline in these interest-related revenues, so we are pleased with a better-than-expected decline of just 3%, which was partly a function of higher-than-anticipated growth of enhanced saving program balances. The Bank segment's net interest margin decreased 37 basis points sequentially to 3.26% for the quarter, and the average yield of RJBDP balances with third-party banks increased 12 basis points to 3.37%. While there are many variables that will impact the actual results, we currently expect combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks to be around 5% lower in the fiscal fourth quarter compared to the fiscal third quarter, as we expect some further contraction of the Bank segment's net interest income to be partially offset by an increase in RJBDP fees from third-party banks. As we have always said, instead of concentrating on maximizing NIM over the near-term, we are more focused on preserving flexibility and growing net interest income and RJBDP fees over the long-term, which we believe we are well-positioned to do. Moving to consolidated expenses on Slide 13, compensation expense was $1.85 billion, and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 63.7%. The adjusted compensation ratio was 62.7% during the quarter, which we are very pleased with, especially given the challenging environment for capital markets. Non-compensation expenses of $570 million increased 15% sequentially. As Paul mentioned earlier, the quarter included elevated provisions for legal and regulatory matters of approximately $65 million and a bank loan provision for credit losses of $54 million. The $65 million of provisions for legal and regulatory matters was made up of several items that all hit this quarter. Some of those items were closed out and publicly disclosed, and some of the other items are still in process, and we, therefore, will not be able to provide much more detail on those in this call. Additionally, this quarter included seasonally higher conference and event-related expenses. The bank loan provision for credit losses for the quarter of $54 million increased 26 million over the preceding quarter, largely reflecting weaker assumptions for commercial real estate valuations in the Moody CRE price index, and in particular, the office price index, which resulted in higher allowances. I'll discuss more related to the credit quality in the Bank segment shortly. In summary, while there has been some noise with elevated legal and regulatory matters over the past two quarters, none of the other non-compensation expenses are coming in too much differently than we expected when we last provided guidance for the fiscal year. But as you all know, legal and regulatory expenses and provisions for loan losses using the CECL methodology are inherently difficult to predict. Importantly, we remain focused on managing expenses while continuing to invest in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisors and their clients. Slide 14 shows a pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. In the current quarter, we generated a pre-tax margin of 16.7% and an adjusted pre-tax margin of 18.1%, a strong result given the industry-wide challenges impacting capital markets and the aforementioned provisions. On slide 15, at quarter end, total assets were $78 billion, a 2% sequential decrease, largely reflecting lower client cash balances and CIP during the quarter. Liquidity and capital remain very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $1.7 billion, well above our $1.2 billion target. The Tier 1 leverage ratio of 11.4% and total capital ratio of 22% are both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well-capitalized. The 11.4% Tier 1 leverage ratio reflects over $1 billion of excess capital above our conservative 10% target, which would still be two times the regulatory requirement to be well-capitalized. Our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. We also have significant sources of contingent funding. We have a $750 million revolving credit facility, which was recently renewed and upsized in April, and nearly $10 billion of FHLB capacity in the Bank segment. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. During the fiscal third quarter, the firm repurchased 3.31 million shares of common stock for $300 million at an average price of nearly $91 per share. As of July 26, 2023, approximately $750 million remained available under the Board's approved common stock repurchase authorization, and we currently intend on continuing our planned repurchases, as we have discussed previously. Lastly, on Slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for our Bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio is solid. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at just 0.94%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at just 1.04%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percentage of corporate loans held for investment was 1.9% at the quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve, but we are continuing to closely monitor any impacts of inflation, supply chain constraints, higher interest rates, and the potential recession on the corporate loan portfolio. As we have done from time to time when we believe there's an attractive risk reward, during the quarter, we proactively sold approximately $450 million of corporate loans at an average price of around 98% of par value. There continues to be a lot of attention on the commercial real estate across the industry given the challenge with property values and interest rates. So let me briefly cover our portfolio. Across the Bank segment, we have CRE and REIT loans of approximately $8.8 billion, which represents 20% of total loans. Our office portfolio is $1.4 billion, only representing approximately 3% of the Bank segment's total loans. Overall, we have deliberately limited the exposure to office real estate, and we underwrote office loans with what we believed were conservative criteria. But we will continue to monitor each loan closely given the industry-wide challenges. Now, I will turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said at the start of the call, I'm pleased with our results for the first nine months of fiscal 2023 and our ability to generate record earnings during what continues to be a challenging environment. And while there is still near-term economic uncertainty, I believe we are in a position of strength and are well positioned to drive growth over the long-term across all of our businesses. And the Private Client Group next quarter results will be favourably impacted by the 5% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts. And I'm optimistic over the long-term, we will continue delivering industry-leading growth as current and prospective advisors are attracted to our client-focused values and leading technology and product solutions. In the Capital Markets segment, there are some signs of improvement in investment banking, and we continue to have a healthy M&A pipeline and good engagement levels. But while there is reason for optimism, we expect the pace and timing of transactions to be heavily influenced by market conditions and would more likely pick up over the next six to 12 months. In the fixed income space, depository clients are experiencing declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on our brokerage activity. We hope that once rates and cash balances stabilize, we could start to see an improvement. So while there are some near-term challenges over the long-term, we believe the capital markets business is well positioned for growth given the investments we've made over the last five years and have significantly increased our productive capacity and market share. We will continue to prudently manage expenses in these businesses as near-term revenues continue to come under pressure. Obviously, we'll have to take more significant action if the industry had once proved to be more long-term. In the Asset Management segment, financial assets under management are starting the fiscal fourth quarter up 3% compared to the preceding quarter, which should provide a tailwind to revenues if markets remain conducive throughout the quarter. We remain confident that strong growth of assets and fee-based accounts and the private client group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James Investment Management to help drive further growth through increased scale, distribution, and operational and marketing synergies. In the bank segment, our focus over the next several months will continue to be fortifying the balance sheet with diversified funding sources and prudently growing assets to support client demand. We have seen securities-based loan payoffs decelerate and expect demand for those loans to eventually recover as clients get comfortable with the current level of rates. With little activity in the market, corporate loan growth has been tepid. However, we believe the yield environment has improved with ample cash sitting with third-party banks and lots of capital. We are well positioned to lend once activity picks up. In closing, we have strong prospects for future growth given our strong competitive positioning in all of our businesses and our ample capital and liquidity. I want to take this time to thank our advisors and associates for their continued perseverance and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day, especially in these uncertain times when clients need trusted advice the most. Thank you all for what you do. And with that, Operator, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, Paul and Paul. It's Michael and I'm going to start this, I'm on for Steven here. I guess just starting one off on maybe the balance sheet reinvestment strategy here, you highlighted potentially capitalizing on some of the yield opportunities in loans down the road. But given the improving sorting picture, the funding capacity you have on the off-balance sheet cash, and the fact that we're near peak rates, is adding duration to lock in some higher yield here something that you're considering more actively?
Paul Reilly: I think you've known us long enough that we don't play the betting on interest rate game. So we like a floating rate balance sheet. It's served us well, even though maybe for a couple of years we got criticized and made it kind of easy to get through this last year. And we certainly have some duration in our balance sheet and bank in terms of mortgages and other things. But again, we're not looking at trying to make an interest rate bet overall.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. And for my follow-up, maybe switching to the capital markets side, we're hearing a lot of your peers highlight green shoots, as well as a potential recovery in DCM and ECM. But capital raising activity at Ray J was relatively weaker during the quarter. Is that just a function of the mix or were there other factors at play? I know you said you expect better results in 2024, but how should we be thinking about the outlook for that business relative to what your peers have been highlighting? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think we've all been in the same boat. I mean, we've had the mix of our businesses are different to the timing of quarters, but we've already had a number of transactions closed for this quarter. But we see green shoots in that both activity level, backlog, new deals, are all positive factors, but we just don't see a big rush to get everything done. So although we expect the business to improve, our history and our cycles just tell us that they take a little longer than we would all like or a lot of what bankers expected. So I think we're going to all track along in the industry on this. Hopefully it improves. We'll play along. We're positioned. We have a lot of clients interested, a lot of mandates. But for them to come, we've had those for the last year. So the question is when are people really able to transact in the market? I did want to add something to your first question on banking. Although we don't make duration plays, we are seeing spreads widen in loans. And we think there's an opportunity again, by keeping our capital in cash that at the right time and the right loans, we'll be able to grow more on spread than making interest rate bets as a strategy.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thanks for taking…
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good evening. Maybe first question on cash and ESP balances. With now having built back to over $16 billion of third party deposits and noting in your prepared remarks that you have adequate liquidity for growing the balance sheet, do you anticipate taking any steps near-term or have you already taken any steps yet to reduce some of the incentives in place to grow those ESP balances much further from current levels?
Paul Reilly: Hey, Kyle. No, we really, again, the ESP program is a product that we created to serve clients and to help advisors bring in assets from their clients. And so, really, what's driving our growth strategy with ESP is, first and foremost, client demand and advisors are asking us to us to keep this product available for their clients. And of course, there's some capacity constraints given we offer up to $50 million of FDIC insurance. So there's a network of banks and there's capacity constraints associated with that. But we're not looking to sort of manage those balances down based on our near-term needs. Long-term, we know we'll, we're confident we'll need the funding and so this gives us ample opportunity to grow the balance sheet when client demand for loans resurfaces.
Paul Shoukry: And it's an easy adjustment for us. It's an easy adjustment for us too because you can adjust rate, which gives you some attrition. And you can stop the program if you had to or slow it down. So, but as of right now cash sorting has slowed, but it hasn't stopped if you look at everyone's reports. We will continue to leave the program open to our advisors as long as we have capacity.
Kyle Voigt: Understood. And then for my followup, I was hoping we could dig into SBL demand a little bit. During the Investor Day, it seemed like you were hopeful that we were nearing a point where SBL demand was starting to come back and looks like balances remained flat quarter-on-quarter after a few quarters of declining. So first, just wondering if you believe those balances have finally troughed? And then given the recent equity market resurgence here is that having any incremental impact on kind of client's willingness to borrow against securities? So just, if you can talk about SBL demand overall, and then any leading indicators, I guess you might be seeing on the SBL demand side, thank you.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think we have certainly seen a deceleration of pay downs which is what really picked up as rates increased and borrowing costs increased. We saw the expected pay downs over the last, six to 12 months, but kind of, particularly in June, and even in July, those pay downs have really slowed down. And so we think this is a good baseline. We're not smart enough to call a trot or a floor. But we do we are optimistic that over the next six to 12 months, if the markets stay relatively resilient, that we'll see kind of a pickup of demand off this level of these sites sort of levels going forward.
Kyle Voigt: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Blostein: Hey, good afternoon, thanks. Hey, Paul, I want to go back to your guidance on cash revenue it is down 5% from this quarter, at the same time, cash balances seem to be stabilized. And as you pointed out, this sorting has been slowing down. We got another rate hike here today. So I'm just trying to understand the assumptions behind this guidance. And as part of that, can you give us an update on RJBDP balances at the bank as well as at third party banks?
Paul Reilly: A lot of pieces to that question, Alex, but hopefully 5% is a conservative guide. Last quarter, we guided down 10% and it actually ended up being down 3%. So we were very pleased to outperform our guide from last quarter. Just given the uncertainty, we think it's always prudent to give conservative guidance around these type of things. So you're right, there are a lot of puts and takes. We would expect the BDP fee portion to be up just because balances are up so significantly quarter-over-quarter. So as long as that stays somewhat resilient over the course of the quarter, we would expect those BDP fees to be up. And then conversely, with the interest income at the bank, we would expect pressure there just because we'll have a full quarter impact of all of the ESP balances that we raised during the third quarter. And as we raise those balances, we move to lower cost balances from the bank to the third party banks. So there's some geography involved in that from one to the other. But when we put those things together, and our best guess that balances going forward, which can change dramatically over the next couple of months, that's where we come up with the down 5% between both BDP fees and NII. But again, we're hoping that we can exceed that guidance if things hold. And in terms of what we're seeing so far in the month of July, really the balances have stabilized. I mean, we did see a decrease in the sweep balances due to the quarterly fee billings in July, which is what you would expect, but outside of that we really have seen kind of a sort of absolutely a deceleration of cash shorting activity. I mean, outside of those declines from the quarterly fee billings, cash, the sweet balances were fairly stable outside of those quarterly fee billings and the ESP balances continued to grow.
Alexander Blostein: Okay, that makes more sense. Second question to Paul, Paul Senior on investment banking I guess, so hear your comments around the pipeline is getting better and it sounds like you guys are hopeful that in six to 12 months revenue will sort of come back up here. So are you effectively implying that investment banking revenues will be in this kind of $150-ish million range for the next couple of quarters? And then if that's the scenario is there room to more aggressively manage the expense base to bring that business to profitability or breakeven even in that sort of scenario or you really need to see a much better revenue picture to become profitable in capital markets?
Paul Shoukry: Well actually got us both pretty well there. You're calling me older than Paul. I think that it's really hard to tell. If you look at backlog and things you could say it will start improving, but I think the market really goes you'll see it with everybody, so I don't I don't know what our position would be that would make it a lot different in the market when it returns. So we do have a lot more capacity. We invested lot of those investments are with people that we recruited and did acquisitions and they are kind of part of us now. So yes we've already looked and only trimmed some costs and we think it will continue longer term we would do more, but we're really trying to keep the team in place that we spent five years in building. I think they'll be very, very productive. So hopefully that everyone's green shoots turns into trees and it's worth hoping for. I think Paul gave six to 12 months before we think industry wide not just us it will really start getting, but that's the unknown. It really just is the unknown right? We certainly have the capacity and once the market picks up I think we're well positioned. Clients are engaged, but that's the million dollar question I can't answer. But if we ever got to the point we thought it was more of a permanent or longer term kind of hiatus, we would manage cost as tightly as we could.
Alexander Blostein: I got you. All right, thank you both.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Brennan Hawken: Thanks for taking my question. So I know Paul, that you, I won't go into junior or senior. Paul, you commented that you were limited in what you could say on the -- we go charges was totally understandable not all resolved. But now this is the second quarter in a row we've had some we go charges and is it right to assume we're probably going to see a third quarter because you said they're not all resolved and so therefore should we expect some bleed into next quarter, how should we think about that?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I mean there could be certainly additional reserves and there probably will be additional reserves in future quarters, we're hoping that they'll be pretty big drop off from the $66 million or so that we saw this quarter that was obviously unusual for us if you look back at our history. So time will tell, but as obviously, this quarter was obviously elevated relative to sort of what you look at for an average reserve for quarter for us.
Brennan Hawken: Yes, okay fair enough. And then I was wondering if you could give a little bit of color around the ending of the relationship with the independent contractor that you spoke about that impacted M&A this quarter, what kind of counterparty was that and what led to the decision by either them or you to go in a different direction?
Paul Reilly: Yes I think we're not going to talk about firms or stuff, but I think that just based on our strategy it was an independent contractor firm, a normal independent contractor firm based on their strategy and what they wanted to do and ours and us looking at our profitability and I think what they thought they could do and other things, we just thought it would better have another home and they went ahead and we supported their move and then we, again as we said we kept a lot of the advisors, the advisors had a choice. And so we call it just strategic differences in both of our businesses and profitability as we said we don't think that the -- that there's a negative impact to our profitability on that change. So we're both making our bets and both going in the directions we think we're right.
Brennan Hawken: Okay, thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global Securities. Please proceed with your question.
James Mitchell: All right thanks, good afternoon. Paul, just maybe can you talk a little bit about, can you speak to the maturity profile of the AFS book? It's still yielding around to a little over 2%, so just great to get your thoughts on how quickly that portfolio runs off and you get a chance to reinvest at high rates?
Paul Reilly: Yes and we -- I mean the average maturity on that portfolio is somewhere in the four year range and so it takes some time for it to run off. We're probably going to see maybe $1.5 billion or so of a runoff a year at current levels. So it will take some time. And frankly we grew that securities portfolio over during that COVID period, because we had a pretty significant increase in client cash balances, as you'll recall. And there really wasn't demand from third party banks. So we took it on to our own balance sheet to accommodate those cash balances. Unfortunately, we kept the vast majority of those, as Paul indicated in very, very short-term treasuries, and didn't take too much duration risk. And so now as we look forward, we're really going to grow that left debt securities portfolio runoff, so the liquidity in the balance sheet should be somewhere around 10% of the bank's balance sheets combined, which will let us reinvest a lot of those repayments to bank loans, which again, as Paul said, have higher spreads and higher yields on them. So that will be a nice kind of tailwind for us over the next several years, hopefully.
Paul Shoukry: Right. And then when you just think about NII after this coming quarter down, I guess combined down five, maybe I don’t know, down a little more, how do you think about, do you feel like once you kind of catch up and ESP balances are not growing as rapidly that that NIM starts -- in the bank starts to stabilize, and I can be flat up or still think that further declines.
Paul Reilly: And just to be clear, when we raise those ESP balances, cash is fungible. The cash and we move off balance sheet to third party banks, is still making a higher spread than the cost of EIP balances, while we sort of await investment in higher yielding assets and loans. So it's still a net, not a huge net positive, but it's still a net positive for us. So we offer the clients a product that's attractive, allows advisors to gain more wallet share from their clients. And we essentially place that cash with third party banks until we have better investment opportunities. There's a lot of geography involved in terms of what shows up in NII, and BDP fees, but we obviously look at it from a consolidated basis. So it's really a win for the clients, a win for the advisors, and a win for the firm, and gives us a lot of capacity to grow the balance sheet over time. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. And, to the extent that when demand returns for loans, both corporate loans, and then loans to the Private Client Group clients, then there will certainly be a nice tailwind to our net interest income.
Paul Shoukry: If you look industry-wide there's still a competition for cash and as long as there is an upward and the Feds raising rates, it's going to impact I think rates on both ends. And until that dynamics, once that dynamic stabilizes, or if it ever does go the other way, which some people predict we haven't believed the board curved for over a year now, but the ones that does happen, spreads should improve, but that's, we don't know. So we're operating, we know, on the ESP balances. They're not cheap, but we still make a spread off of them. So it's positive the NII and so there is no harm and raising them for clients and we make a little money too.
Paul Reilly: So just to be clear and just to be clear, one last comment on this is because I've got some questions over the email is, we our guide, the 5% guide that I provided on NII and BDP fees is really based on today's rate action. So we're not trying to factor in the forward curve or anything like that, as Paul said, I'm not sure we totally buy the forward curve, but I'm not sure if we, we're certainly not going to give guidance based on the Fed cutting rates anytime soon.
James Mitchell: Perfectly fair. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question comes from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you might be able to provide some color on the marketplace for recruiting advisors today how you see that evolving and how you might characterize the pipeline? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: So I think we I think I've gotten this question almost every quarter now for 13 years since I've been CEO. It's competitive. I mean it's -- I think all firms are kind of in the market. The costs have gone up somewhat, certainly over the years. So we have maintained our position not being the highest bidder in these cases and using as its positive selection, but it's certainly comparative. You have broker, dealer employee channels, you have the independent firms and the aggregators competing especially at the high end of for all their clients, so the good news for us as we continue to compete very well. We continue the pipeline is strong. The biggest change probably over the last two years is the number of just very large teams that we talked to versus years ago. So the pipeline is great, it's been picking up every quarter very slow start. It's continued to pick up each quarter and so we're optimistic, but it is competitive.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thanks. So, just a followup question on the ESP balances, just curious how you're thinking about the duration of those ESP deposits versus your sweet deposits and other funding sources? And how does that sort of how do you take that into consideration when you think about ultimately reinvesting and putting some of those deposits to work?
Paul Reilly: Yes, well, it's a relatively new product for us. We launched it in March. So we'll learn more as we have more experience with it and as rates stabilize, and those sorts of things. So we want there, we always try to have cushions around kind of how we think about funding deployment, and maybe even more so a bigger cushion when you're dealing with a new deposit product in a volatile and uncertain rate environment and so you look at where we are today. We've had a target of third party balances of around $10 billion that we talked about, just six months ago, and now we're up to $16 billion, or north of $16 billion of third party balances and the banks are still holding very high cash balances more than they need in a normal environment. And so we have a significant funding cushion and opportunity over the next several months to really kind of have better history and understanding of the sort of the reinvestment of the enhanced saving product balances.
Paul Shoukry: I think you can also look at, most of the ESP balances came from cash balances elsewhere, money markets, treasuries, I mean, so it was really, I think, if you look at the assets, the cash yield play, it just happened to be secured with FDIC, and more people viewed it as more secure with FDIC insurance. So it's not like it came out of everybody ran from equities into the products. So and if you look at the percentage of our assets in cash, we're certainly not at -- we're more closer to historic levels than we are at record levels. I mean, are so -- but as Paul said, we are always more cautious with the new product and understand it can move and also are used to competing. So we will see in the quarter, but again, we have a big cushion right now. That's why we haven't slowed down deposits, just understanding that it could have a little more volatility, but we'll see.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Devin Ryan: Great, thanks so much. Good evening, Paul and Paul. I'll just keep it at one there, most of it was covered here. But I do want to ask about corporate M&A for the firm. And we obviously saw recent press around a reasonably sized public independent broker that could be mulling a sale and so I thought that was interesting. And so without getting into details around where Raymond James might be interested specifically, it'd be great just to hear about kind of what you guys are seeing in the marketplace because it would seem that conditions could be getting better for you guys as well just with valuations recovering your stocks up as well. Confidence is improving in the marketplace to some degree and that's a little bit of a better environment for M&A. So just love to talk about what you guys are seeing in the marketplace today, if you can, what that pipelines of opportunities is looking like right now relative to a year ago?
Paul Reilly: Thanks Devin. Now as you know we just hired a new head of our Corporate Development Practice, so we certainly didn't do that to slow down. And I didn't see the article you're alluding to. But we've always had a course of firms that we believe would fit us well, especially in the Private Client Group space where we really know them all and our focus hasn't changed. And as we've said in the past, the private are not for sale, so it does not help but we stay close and if it ever changes, we want to be their only the first call. So we continue to keep that strategy and then on the M&A with Suraj [ph] who has joined us is really focused on also other opportunities. We've looked at M&A firms that we talked to pre, market, adjustment. And because we thought valuations are way off, and we continue dialogue with those that we think fill holes in the practice. And again, pricing has gotten much better there. We've had a few assets in the asset management space, and some we've talked to and couldn't come up with pricing versus the market, but that's not unusual for us. And looking at other ancillary technology fit in place, like SumRidge, which has really been a huge positive, so all eyes are not off the ball at all, for M&A. In fact, we always assume the tougher the market, the better opportunity to really add people to the family. So, again, has to be a culture fit, strategic, be able to integrate it, and then it's price. And so we're pretty price disciplined too, so we're working away. And we always have, so but, we went where we didn't close any for a while, and we closed three quickly. So the notes.
Devin Ryan: All right, good stuff. Thanks so much, guys.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Reilly, I'll turn the call back to you.
Paul Reilly: Yes, thank you for joining. I know it's always a busy time with everyone, with earnings, but I really feel like we're in great shape, you can see our asset growth in our recruiting growth and certainly Capital Markets is a tough market, but that we'll return to and we have a great franchise in that business when the market returns. They'll return and we believe we can continue growing the other businesses. So thanks for joining and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website.  Now, I'll turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristina Waugh: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed today is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions.  Calling your attention to Slide 2. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success integrating acquired businesses, divestitures, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, could, anticipates, expects, believes or continue or negative of such terms as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in these statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation.  Now I'll turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly : Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. Paul and I are joining you from Orlando, Florida. We have over 4,000 people attending our independent advisors conference. It's great to see such an upbeat mood and people really having a good time getting back together as well as all the other educational sessions we have here.  Since our founding over 60 years ago, Raymond James has maintained an unwavering commitment to placing clients first through conservative decision-making that keeps us well positioned over the long term. While remaining focused on the long term has not always been easy or fully appreciated in good times, it has served us very well over time. And it's in times such as these when even the financial system itself is challenged that our philosophy not only carries us through but enables us to thrive. Just a few examples of our differentiated positioning that we have benefited recently from includes Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 11.5%, over 2x the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. 88% of our bank deposits are FDIC insured, including nearly 95% of Raymond James Bank amongst the highest in the entire industry, and A-level rating with all three credit agencies which Fitch reaffirmed in March at the height of the turmoil. A few weeks later, we were able to renew and upsize our 5-year committed revolver with enhanced terms, thanks to the fantastic relationship we have with all of our bank partners. Further, we were able to buy back 350 million of shares at what we believe were attractive prices. And we still have $1.1 billion of capacity remaining under our Board authorization. In times like these, we are reminded of the importance of keeping a long-term client-focused approach and our stakeholders' benefit and appreciate the firm's dedication to placing them first. Now turning to our results. Despite the challenging market and the high market volatility during the first six months of the fiscal year, we generated record net revenues and record earnings.  Reviewing second quarter results, starting on Slide 4. The firm reported record quarterly net revenues of $2.9 billion and net income available to common shareholders of $425 million or $1.93 per diluted share. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $446 million or $2.03 per diluted share. The increase in interest-related revenues driven by short-term interest rates drove significant earnings growth over the prior year. Net revenue increased 7% and net income available to common shareholders grew 32%. And despite the challenging market conditions and our robust capital position, we generated strong returns with annualized return on common equity of 70.3% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 22.3%. Moving to Slide 5. We ended the quarter with total client assets under administration of $1.2 trillion, PCG assets and fee-based accounts of $666 billion and financial assets under management of $194 billion. With our continued focus on retaining, supporting and attracting high-quality financial advisors, PCG consistently generates strong organic growth, which is evident again this quarter with domestic net new assets of $21.5 billion, representing an 8.4% annualized growth rate on the beginning of the period domestic PCG assets.  During the prior 12 months, we recruited through our domestic independent contractor and employee channels, financial advisors with approximately $275 million of trailing 12 production and nearly $38 billion of client assets at their previous firm. Total clients' domestic sweep and Enhanced Savings Program balances ended the quarter at $52.2 billion, down 14% from December of 2022. The sequential decline reflects the expected cash sorting activity, which was partially offset by the launch of our Enhanced Savings Program. We are pleased with the early success of our Enhanced Savings Program. This product offered the PCG clients the Raymond James Bank is a fantastic option for clients seeking competitive rates while maintaining a high level of FDIC insurance. We believe this product is really unique in the industry and certainly appealing in the current environment. As of this week, Enhanced Savings Program balances have surpassed $4.5 billion. Total bank loans decreased 1% from the preceding quarter to $44 billion, primarily reflecting a modest decline in securities-based loans due to higher interest rate environment. We will touch on this more later on the call, but we plan to remain very prudent with growing our corporate loans over the next several months given volatile market conditions. Moving to Slide 6. Private Client Group generated record results with quarterly net revenue of $2.14 billion and pre-tax income of $441 million. Year-over-year, asset-based revenues declined due to market declines. However, PCG's results were lifted by the benefit of higher interest rates and interest-related revenues and fees. As Paul Shoukry will explain in more detail, this quarter was negatively impacted by some seasonal expenses as well as elevated legal costs. The Capital Markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $302 million and a pre-tax loss of $34 million. Revenues declined 27% compared to the prior year quarter mostly driven by lower investment banking revenues as well as lower fixed income brokerage revenues. The extremely challenging market environment, particularly for investment banking, has strained the near-term profitability of the segment. However, we are focused on managing controllable expenses as near-term revenues are depressed. The Asset Management segment generated pre-tax income of $82 million on net revenues of $216 million. The year-over-year decreases in net revenue and pre-tax income were largely attributable to lower assets and fee-based accounts as net inflows into fee-based accounts into the Private Client Group were offset by market declines. Solid net inflows for Raymond James Investment Management helped boost financial assets under management, which should provide a tailwind in the fiscal third quarter. The Bank segment generated record net revenues $540 million and pre-tax income of $91 million. Revenue growth was largely due to the continued expansion of the bank's net interest margin to 3.63% for the quarter, up 162 basis points over the year ago quarter and 27 basis points from the preceding quarter. The NIM expansion reflected the flexible and floating nature of our balance sheet. Although as Paul Shoukry will explain, we do expect some headwinds to NIM, which reached very high levels across the industry over the past couple of months. Looking at the fiscal year-to-date results on Slide 7. We generated record net revenues of $5.66 billion and record net income available to common shareholders of $932 million, up 4% and 21%, respectively, over the prior year's record. Additionally, we generated strong annualized return on common equity of 19.3% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 24.2% for the six-month period. On Slide 8, the strength of the PCG and Bank segment for the first half of the year primarily reflects the strong organic growth in PCG and the benefit of higher interest-related revenues, whereas the weaker Capital Markets results reflected the challenging environment for investment banking and brokerage revenues, especially when compared to the record activity levels in the year ago period.  And now I'm going to turn the call over to Paul Shoukry for a more detailed review of the second quarter financials. Paul?
Paul Shoukry : Thank you, Paul. Starting on Slide 10. Consolidated net revenues were a record $2.87 billion in the second quarter, up 7% over the prior year and 3% sequentially. Being able to generate record quarterly revenues during a period when Capital Market revenues were so challenged across the industry, reinforces the value of having diversified and complementary businesses. Asset Management and related administrative fees declined 11% compared to the prior year quarter and increased 5% sequentially due to the higher assets and fee-based accounts at the end of the preceding quarter, partially offset by fewer billable days in the fiscal second quarter. This quarter, fee-based assets grew 5%, providing a tailwind for Asset Management and related administrative fees in the fiscal third quarter.  Brokerage revenues of $496 million declined 12% year-over-year and grew 2% sequentially. This year-over-year decline was largely due to lower asset-based trail revenues in PCG as well as lower fixed income brokerage revenues in the Capital Markets segment. I'll discuss account service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment banking revenues of $154 million declined 34% year-over-year and grew 9% sequentially. As experienced across the industry, M&A revenues were particularly challenged this quarter, declining 37% year-over-year and 15% sequentially. Despite a healthy banking pipeline and solid new business activity, there remains a lot of uncertainty in the pace and timings of deals launching and closing, given the heightened market volatility. It remains too difficult to say when conditions will become conducive to increase investment banking revenues. Moving to Slide 11. Clients' domestic cash week and Enhanced Saving Program balances ended the quarter at $52.2 billion, down 14% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 4.9% of domestic PCG client assets. The Enhanced Savings Program added approximately $2.7 billion in new deposits in March as the offering was only open to net new balances until April. And a good portion of these new balances were derived from brand-new clients to the firm following the Silicon Valley Bank collapse, highlighting the attractiveness of this product and Raymond James being viewed as a source of strength and stability. As Paul said, the Enhanced Savings Program balances exceeded $4.5 billion this week, continuing to grow nicely and partially offsetting the anticipated decline in sweep balances, largely due to quarterly fee billings in April.  So while it's difficult to parse through the disclosures to make sure we're comparing apples to apples, of the handful of peers who have reported thus far, we estimate year-over-year cash sweep declines for those peers were approximately 35% to 45%. This compares to a 35% year-over-year decline in our domestic sweep balances through March. So this dynamic of declining sweep balances has really been experienced at roughly the same order of magnitude for most of the firms in our industry. And as most of you know, we have been expecting, communicating and preparing for the sorting activity for quite some time. Looking forward, we expect additional cash sorting activity, although we believe we are much closer to the end of that dynamic than we are to the beginning if rates settle out near current levels, and the average sweep balance per account over the approximately 3.4 million accounts domestically is now less than $15,000. And we hope to continue to offset any further cash sorting activities through our diversified funding sources, including the Enhanced Savings Program, TriState's deposit franchise and other initiatives. And when the sorting dynamic does stabilize, we would then expect to grow sweep balances given our strong organic growth in PCG. Meanwhile, to be prudent, we would strive to maintain a strong funding cushion of domestic cash swept to third-party banks, not too much lower than where it ended the March quarter. We would also plan to keep elevated cash balances in the Bank segment, which grew from $1.8 billion in December to $5 billion at the end of the fiscal second quarter. While these actions don't optimize net interest margin over the short term, we believe they give us the most flexibility over the long term. Turning to Slide 12. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party bank was $731 million, up 226% over the prior year quarter and 1% over the preceding quarter, as a sequential decrease in RJBDP fees from third-party banks was more than offset by higher firm-wide net interest income. The Bank segment net interest margin increased 27 basis points sequentially to 3.63% for the quarter, and the average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks increased 53 basis points to 3.25%. Our long-standing approach of maintaining a high concentration of floating rate assets not only helped drive more immediate upside to higher short-term interest rates but also preserve a relatively flexible balance sheet compared to the banks that had much higher concentration of duration risk. Looking forward, we expect combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks to decline sequentially in fiscal third quarter due to a decrease in third-party RJBDP fees given the lower average balances with third-party banks. We would also expect the bank segments NIM to contract from the second quarter given the higher level of cash balances we plan to maintain during this volatile period as well as the impact from higher cost diversified funding sources. But as we have always said, instead of focusing on maximizing NIM, we are focused on preserving flexibility and growing net interest income over the long term, which we still believe we are well positioned to do after the cash sorting dynamic is behind us. But near term, we expect headwinds for the net interest income and RJBDP fees for the reasons I just explained. Moving to consolidated expenses on Slide 13. Compensation expense was $1.8 billion, and the total compensation ratio for the quarter was 63.3%. The adjusted compensation ratio was 62.8% during the quarter. The compensation ratio continues to benefit from higher net interest income in RJBDP fees from third-party banks. The sequential increase in compensation reflects higher revenues as well as the impact of salary increases effective on January 1, along with the reset of payroll taxes at the beginning of the calendar year. We are very pleased to generate a 62.8% adjusted compensation ratio, given these factors and the extremely challenging market environment in Capital Markets. Non-compensation expenses of $496 million increased 25% sequentially. Adjusting for acquisition-related non-compensation expenses and the favorable settlement received in the fiscal first quarter, which are all included in our non-GAAP earning adjustments, non-compensation expenses grew 16% during the quarter. This increase was largely driven by higher legal and regulatory costs including an unfavorable arbitration award totaling $20 million, along with higher communication and information processing expenses, which reflect continued technology investments and the seasonal impact of year-end mailing. The bank loan provision for credit losses for the quarter of $28 million largely reflects the charge-off of a C&I loan has been challenged for several quarters as well as higher allowances in the CRE portfolio. I'll discuss more related to the credit quality of the Bank segment shortly. In summary, we remain focused on managing expenses while continuing to invest in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisors and their clients. While there has been some noise with elevated legal and regulatory expenses this quarter and there are always some seasonal expenses that hit in the first calendar quarter of the year, none of the non-compensation expenses are coming in too much differently than we expected when we last provided guidance for the fiscal year. But legal and regulatory expenses are inherently difficult to predict. Slide 14 shows the pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. In the current quarter, we generated a pre-tax margin of 19.4% and adjusted pre-tax margin of 20.4%, a strong result given the industry-wide challenges impacting Capital Markets. On Slide 15. At quarter end, total assets were $79 billion, a 3% sequential increase largely reflecting the $3.2 billion increase of cash balances in the Bank segment during the quarter. Liquidity and capital remains very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $1.8 billion, well above our $1.2 billion target. Our Tier 1 leverage ratio of 11.5% and total capital ratio of 21.4% are both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. The 11.5% Tier 1 leverage ratio reflects a $1 billion of excess capital above our conservative 10% target, which would still be 2x the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. Our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. We were pleased to have our A- credit rating reaffirmed by Fitch in mid-March. In the announcement, Fitch cited the firm's strong capital cushion, significant deposit funding and access to unsecured debt markets, among other drivers as the reason for the rating. Also in April, we renewed our revolving credit facility and expanded it from $500 million to $750 million. A strong balance sheet and long-standing relationships with our banking partners enabled us to upsize the 5-year committed corporate revolver with enhanced terms to further strengthen our contingent liquidity sources. The ability to execute this facility in a challenging market environment is a testament to our long-term conservative approach. I know many of our bankers are listening on this call, so I'd like to thank all of you for your continued support and partnership. We also have other significant sources of contingent funding. For example, just to be proactive, given the market uncertainty in March, we increased our FHLB borrowings in the Bank segment by only $500 million from December 31 to March 31. And given our strong cash position, we've already paid $200 million of that down in April. That leaves us more than $9 billion of FHLB capacity in the Bank segment. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. During the fiscal second quarter, the firm repurchased 3.75 million shares of common stock for $350 million at an average price of $93 per share. As of April 26, approximately $1.1 billion remained available under the Board's approved common stock repurchase authorization. And we currently intend on continuing our planned repurchases as we discussed previously, particularly as this market volatility has provided attractive opportunities for us, and we don't plan on using as much capital to support balance sheet growth over the next 3 to 6 months. Lastly, on Slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for the Bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality loan portfolio remains healthy. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at just 0.92%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 0.94%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percentage of corporate loans held for investment was 1.67% at quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve but we are continuing to closely monitor any impacts of inflation, supply chain constraints, higher interest rates and a potential recession on our corporate loan portfolio. I know there's been a lot of attention on commercial real estate across the industry, given the challenges with property value and interest rates.  So let me briefly cover our portfolio. Across the Bank segment, we have a CRE and REIT loans approximately $8.8 billion, which represents 20% of our total loans. Our office portfolio is only 17% of these real estate loans. So our office portfolio only represents approximately 3.5% of the Bank segment's total loans. Based on the underwriting and origination along with the most recent appraisals, the average loan-to-value of this office portfolio is somewhere around 60%, which is probably a little bit higher now, given pressure on valuations in the industry, but still providing us a lot of cushion on this portfolio on average. Overall, we have deliberately limited the exposure to office real estate, and we underwrote office loans with what we believe are conservative criteria, but we continue to monitor each loan closely given the industry-wide challenges. Now I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly : Thank you, Paul. And as I said at the start of the call, I'm pleased with our results for the first 6 months of fiscal 2023 and our ability to generate record earnings during what continues to be a very volatile market. And while there is still a lot of near-term economic uncertainty, we are in a position of strength, and I believe we are well positioned to drive growth over the long term across all of our businesses.  In the Private Client Group, next quarter results will be favorably impacted by the 5% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts. However, we do expect to have some headwinds from lower RJBDP fees from third-party banks, given lower average balances. Focusing more on the long term, I'm optimistic we will continue delivering industry-leading growth as current and prospective advisors are attracted to our client-focused values and our leading technology and product solutions. For example, in our current advisor recruiting pipeline, we have several commitments from teams with $5 million to $20 million of annual production.  In the Capital Markets segment, while M&A pipelines remain healthy and engagement levels are good, the pace and timing of launching and closing transactions will be challenged until market conditions stabilize. And in the fixed income space, depository clients are experiencing declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on our brokerage activity. However, SumRidge enhances our position as this business typically benefits from elevated rate volatility and has produced excellent results since joining us. While we expect continued industry-wide challenges over the next couple of quarters, over the long term, we are well positioned across the capital markets business for growth given the investments we made over the past 5 years, which have significantly increased our productive capacity and market share. We will continue to prudently manage expenses in these businesses as the near-term revenues continue to come under pressure. Obviously, we will take more significant actions if the industry headwinds prove to be more long term. In the Asset Management segment, financial assets under management are starting the fiscal third quarter, up 5% compared to the preceding quarter, which should provide a tailwind to revenues if markets remain conducive throughout the fiscal third quarter. We remain confident that strong growth of assets in fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James Investment Management, which generated solid net inflows this quarter to help drive further growth through increased scale, distribution, operational and marketing synergies. In the Bank segment, our focus over the next several months will continue to be fortifying the balance sheet with diversified funding source. While we'll continue to support our PCG clients when their demand for loans eventually recover, we will be very prudent in growing corporate loans given market uncertainty.  We believe there will be a more attractive opportunities in the future as spreads widen to reflect the higher cost of funding and our higher premium required for credit risk across the entire banking industry. And just as we did during uncertain market environments in the past, we have been and will continue to be opportunistic in selling certain loans to further derisk the corporate portfolio, especially when we believe the secondary market prices do not fully reflect the downside risk. So overall, our approach to the Bank segment over the next 3 to 6 months is to build as much dry powder as possible for what we believe will be a more attractive and opportunistic environment for loan growth in fiscal 2024. In closing, we believe we are well positioned with strong prospects for future growth and ample cash and liquidity. Uncertain times like these are when clients need trusted advice the most. And I want to thank our advisors and their associates for their continued perseverance and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day. The strength and stability of our firm is a direct reflection of your commitment. So thank you all for all you do.  And with that, operator, that concludes my remarks, and we'll open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan : I hopped on a minute late, but I had a question just on the net interest income outlook. I just want to make sure I understood the commentary. So is the expectation that it's going to take a near-term step back and then can grow off of whatever that new base is? Or Paul, are you saying that you'll kind of resume growth off of the fiscal second quarter level? And I guess related, I heard that you're going to operate, I think, with higher reserves. So just how much of a drag is that? And I guess, what would make you comfortable bringing that down?
Paul Reilly : Well, I'll let the other Paul go through the NIM. But I don't think we anticipate right now higher reserves -- I mean, reserve cash, maybe we'll be carrying a little more cash, but I don't know which reserve you're referring to, so.
Devin Ryan : Yes. I was referring to the cash reserves, just the cash.
Paul Reilly : There's more cash in the bank. Go ahead, Paul. I'll let...
Paul Shoukry : Yes. So we did increase the cash balances at the bank, just given the volatility in March, we thought it would be prudent. So we finished the quarter up by I think, $5 billion. So we were up $4 billion for the quarter, ending the quarter at $5 billion of cash at the Bank segment. And so that is a drag on NIM because you're earning closer to 5% on that versus the 7-or-so percent we're earning on new loans that we're putting on the book, but we think that's prudent just given the volatility. And in terms of the outlook going forward, near term, we do expect a pullback of net interest income and BDP fees when you look at those on a combined basis, we plan on keeping the cash swept to third-party banks at around the current level just because we think that $9 billion gives us a nice cushion. It also offers clients maximum FDIC insurance, which we all know is really important for clients right now. And so by doing that, even at $9 billion, those fees are probably going to be down -- average balances will be down 25% sequentially. And so those fees will be down 25% roughly, depending on what happens with rates and other things. And then the net interest income will be pressured by having higher cash balances and then higher cost of funding that we raised since launching the Enhanced Savings Program in March. So all net together, I think that would result in probably somewhere around a 10% decline sequentially. And then as we start growing balances from there, then that would be probably a good jumping off point.
Devin Ryan : Got it. Okay. Great color. I guess maybe just I want to follow up on the same topic. And probably, you just mentioned the Enhanced Savings Program. It looks like you're having some nice success there. And I'm assuming that it's still reasonably early in terms of the advisor penetration. So just love to maybe talk about kind of the expectation for growth there. And maybe could advisors be more active moving their customers' cash there in the near term, just given that it's new. And so that could pressure the -- I guess, the rate on the liability side or do you have data that's just suggesting that the majority of the yield-seeking cash has already moved out of the accounts?
Paul Shoukry : Yes, I would tell you, when we look at sort of the trends, it looks like a lot of the sorting activity, the higher yield seeking activity has occurred. When we rolled out the Enhanced Savings Program in March, it was actually to new money to the firm until we expanded it in April to certain security sales and new money to the bank. But we raised $2.7 billion of brand new flows to the firm during the month of March. Most of it was mid-March strength of banking turmoil. So we were pleased to see that those cash balances come in. But even there we're close to $5 billion today of these balances, that represents roughly 10% of the sweep and enhanced yield savings balances whereas most of our peers are at 50% of their balances being an enhanced yield savings. So our relative cost of funds when you look at those two balances together is still very attractive even though we've been able to be more generous to clients on the sweep balances in terms of passing on rates via the suits as well. So we feel like we're well positioned. And right now, what we're really hoping to do is a lot of clients hold money market fund positions and would prefer to have FDIC insurance. And so a lot of those balances now are moving to the enhanced yield savings, which we think is really a win-win for the clients in the firm.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt : Maybe just a first question on the leverage ratio, obviously, sitting at 11.5%. Just curious whether you still feel that 10% target to a good level to think about as a near-term target, especially with the macro environment and kind of the uncertainty that we're facing with the macro right now?
Paul Reilly : Yes. that's the hard one to peg with tests like happening today in the press, even we're going to be more cautious until the industry is sorting down and kind of a level field. We think that the 10% is a good target. But in the short term, we're probably not going to be overaggressive to it, especially if we're not growing the bank aggressively. We don't think that's the smart move right now. We will continue to let SBL balances and mortgage our client balances fund those, those are the priority. We're not sure it's a good time to get into the increasing the corporate side of the lending right now just because of the market. So shorter term, I think the capital ratio is going to be over the 10%, but we're not going to change the goal, but during the volatility like we've seen with today's news and other things, we're going to be cautious to pretty comfortable the market settled down.
Paul Shoukry : The only thing I would add to that is a lot of other banks have to worry about the impact of unrealized losses on their securities portfolio. And we have some of those as well, obviously. But I think we would be north of 10%, even if we factored in all of those losses because we kept duration relatively contained on our balance sheet. So we're in a position of strength when you look at our capital ratios and feel like we have a lot of flexibility. 
Kyle Voigt : Great. And then just maybe a follow-up question to that. Just with your stock price where it's at today. Obviously, in the first quarter -- calendar first quarter, you were up the buyback a bit here. But just wondering if you can kind of compare the current valuation of your stock to maybe any opportunities that you're seeing in the M&A market, if you kind of could expand upon some of those opportunities that you're seeing? And what segments you're seeing more opportunity in light of everything that's happening in the banking space as well, that would be helpful.
Paul Reilly : Yes. We've done a really good job of staying close to the people that we would like to join the firm and those opportunities are clear, and that includes the M&A and the private client space. Again, whether they get transactable because of price or other issues or some are more complex than others. But those conversations that kind of went away, some have come back but price adjustments to the buyer and the seller are always in line and expectation with the market. As we've said in here, don't expect a near-term increase in our M&A volume unitl this market settles out, I think lending has to kind of return, and that's not our view, not going to happen until we see interest rates settle and people get used to it. So -- but we think there will be M&A opportunity. We have both the capital liquidity to handle that. Our balance sheet, as you know, and very leveraged, and we have access. So we're -- as most downturns, we've been able to take advantage of the market, our presumption as we would be able to. But again, that all depends on buyers and sellers and opportunities and other factors in the market.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein : So can we start with the outlook for NII. If I heard you correctly, I think you guys have gotten to down 10% from wide NII. Can you help with some of the underlying assumptions in terms of NIM from wide and maybe how are you thinking about the ultimate amount of cash that you need to run with on the balance sheet. And obviously, it would be helpful to know what you're assuming for interest rates for the second quarter, underpinning the 10% decline?
Paul Shoukry : Yes, the 10% decline, Alex, includes the BDP fees as well. So it's kind of a combined basis as we show it in the presentation. And that factors in the 25 basis point increase that the market is expecting in May. And so in terms of the cash that we plan on holding on the bank's balance sheet. We plan on holding more than we need for -- during these volatile times, more than we hopefully need during these volatile times, just to stay prudent. And as Paul said, we're being deliberate in growing corporate loans, and we're being actually opportunistic in selling corporate loans. So not much balance sheet growth forecasted over the next -- at least during this period of volatility. And in some cases, for example, we've already sold over $400 million of corporate loans that we had rated lower from a credit perspective. And we're able to get near par value for those loans. We had marks on them that were higher than what the price we were able to get. So we don't believe that the market is fully factoring in potentially the downside risk on certain loans. And so just as we've done in other volatile periods, we're sort of being opportunistic, knowing that we're just building dry powder, both capital and hopefully funding dry powder to accelerate growth when the opportunities look more attractive.
Alexander Blostein : Got you. Okay. Yes. Combined makes a lot more sense. I appreciate that. My second question was around non-comp expenses. And I appreciate that you guys think this is close to what you were budgeting for. But if we look at non-comp ex provisions and backing out the $20 million of the arbitration fee, it looks like it was up almost $30 million sequentially. So maybe help us reconcile what's driving the growth? And just given your outlook for effectively peak rates revenues in a challenging capital markets backdrop, when should we expect you guys to become a little bit more aggressive on cost savings initiatives? 
Paul Shoukry : Yes. The first two quarters are always a little bit lumpy in terms of the non-compensation expenses. So if you look at it kind of on a combined basis, backing out the acquisition-related costs and backing out the loan loss provision, which is how we made the guidance, it was around, I think, $830 million for the first 6 months of the year, which actually trends lower than the $1.7 billion guidance I provided for the non-comp expenses, excluding provision. So we still -- we're not changing that guidance for the time being because none of the -- other than legal and regulatory, which is inherently unpredictable, and we had a $20 million arbitration award, which we were not expecting, obviously, this quarter. We are -- most of the other line items are kind of coming in, in line with what we forecasted when we provided that guidance. But of course, things change between now and the next 6 months of the fiscal year, then we certainly will update that and let you all know.
Paul Reilly : I think that comparison was -- looks bigger because of the $30 million last year -- last quarter recovery that we non-GAAP to. But it's -- we think they're in line. And yes, legal fees certainly were higher. That settlement was higher but that's really driving, and that's kind of lumpy. We think the run rate and the guidance is still in the ballpark from what we can see.
Paul Shoukry : And with that being said, while it's coming in line with what we expected, we're also given the market environment going to be very deliberate in managing all those expenses while still investing in growth in high service levels.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Credit Suisse.
William Katz : Maybe stepping back and perhaps it's just too soon tell. As you think about some of the structural changes that may evolve for the banking industry on the other side of the banking collapse and maybe your early-stage conversation with the regulators, how do you see the evolution for regulatory capital or leverage ratios. Does that affect your 10% bogey? And then maybe how you think about long-term growth in earning assets and NIM associated with that.
Paul Reilly : Well, first, on capital, I think even at 10%, we're well set over what anyone is our competitors and other things. We're -- we think that's still a very conservative target. I can't see any regulation that would make anything even close to that. So we'd still have buffer there. So we're not worried about capital. Like everything, given the environment, we've been focused on liquidity, that's why we rolled out the Enhanced Savings Program and are very heartened that even after the quarter we paid our $1.2 billion in Asset Management fees come out of there. We had tax payments that usually go over $1 billion. Our cash balances are still steady. So on the liquidity side, the question is just how much do we have to raise in the higher-yielding programs, but we feel good about our liquidity and not even touching our -- really, our FHLB advances or that $9 billion buffer. So third then becomes is when you start investing in that order when you start investing in the growth in assets and in the bank, that we're just going to have to decide. We're not going to be really aggressive. Where we see opportunities, we could -- we'll take them. If we see M&A opportunities we think are good, we'll act on them, and we just don't think, given the bad banking market, rising rates and if people are predicting in a recessionary environment, it's the time to be very aggressive in growing corporate loans. So I would say we're -- our growth plans are not really to expand the balance sheet much this next quarter.
Paul Shoukry : I think you asked a question about the future NIM prospects for the industry. And I think the banking industry is pretty efficient. The good news is we already have a very conservative level of capital. So I think we're well, as Paul said, well positioned for those changes. But to the extent the capital rules do change or increase and certainly the cost of the average deposit in the industry as all the big banks were saying, even the largest banks are saying that's increasing as well, then you would expect all else being equal for spreads to expand across the industry to preserve a reasonable NIM and a reasonable return on equity for the industry. And so to the extent that we can be patient now and wait for more attractive opportunities at least a more stable environment, we think that will serve our shareholders well over the long term.
Paul Reilly : I think if you really look at the industry over the last few years, certainly, deposits were extremely cheap and rates are going up. But honestly, spreads weren't really what you'd expected historically, given the types of loans folks are making. So it's natural in this kind of environment where people are being careful and the cost of funds are higher that I think spreads are going to expand. We believe that. So we can't say when, but we believe that will happen, and that's why we'll be a little more prudent in the next quarter or two with the balance sheet as we watch what happens in the market. We've shown also in the other times, whether we sold off COVID loans or other things during those periods, we found -- we've shown we can expand the balance sheet pretty quickly. So we're not worried about that. We're just worried about making sure we do it in the right environment. 
William Katz : Understood. Just a quick follow-up and just a jumping one point there. As you think about maybe Paul, Sui you could just unpack, I think I understand the difference between the sort of the bank versus the third-party sweep impact, but maybe unpack maybe where you are on a spot basis for the NIM? And as you think about this year, how to think about maybe earning asset levels, can I hear a couple of different things those cautious loan growth, maybe some runoff in the corporate loan portfolio sales, maybe some shrinkage on the investment securities book, how to think about maybe framing where the end of the year might be in terms of your associated with that.
Paul Shoukry : Hard to know where we're going to be, a lot and change as we've learned in the last month or two, a lot can change certainly in the next 6 months. And we're going to, as Paul said, we're going to be there for our clients in the Private Client Group business. Half of our loans are securities-based loans and mortgages, and to the extent demand picks back up over the next 6 months. Now they've been pressured in the higher in a rising rate environment, but demand could come back if clients get used to the new normal in terms of rates, and we want to be there to support them. As Paul said, we'll also be more conservative in sort of growing corporate loans, at least until we have a better conviction around the risk-adjusted returns and growing that book. So in terms of the jumping off NIM, And I would expect, just with the higher cash balances and the higher cost of funding, which again, we -- our patience has served us well with a higher cost of funding as well because, again, like I said, we only have 10% of our sweep and enhanced yield savings balances in the enhanced yield savings program. Many of our competitors are at 40% or 50%. So we have a lot of ability to grow those balances. But as we grow those balances, it would pressure NIM. So -- we think there's probably 20 basis points or so of pressure in the upcoming quarter, maybe up to 30 basis points, again, depending on what happens with the rate increases. And now again, that's due to the higher funding sources and elevated cash balances that we plan on holding on the balance sheet.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia : Can you take us through what happened with cash sorting in March? And maybe since then -- and I ask because you noted in your press release last month that cash balances as of March '21 were near $51 billion. So it looks like about $1.5 billion flowed out in the last week if you exclude the Enhanced Savings Program. So maybe take us through what you were hearing from FAs and customers back then? And what gives you the confidence that this will slow from here?
Paul Shoukry : Yes. I would say just jumping to kind of where we are today, for example. So we ended the quarter with sweep balances and Enhanced Saving Program balances at $52.2 billion. You fast forward to where we are today, and we're right around $52 billion since we've been Enhanced Saving Program balances, and that reflects the fee billing that we do quarterly, which was over $1.2 billion and also annual income tax payments. So we feel comfortable and confident that the sorting dynamic is closer to the end than it has been to the beginning, as I said on the comments, the average cash per account the sweep program now it's right around $15,000, which is sort of a low point as far as we look back and have that data. So we're commented, but things are closer to the end, but we don't know how much longer, obviously, that dynamic will continue. Meanwhile, we'll continue to be -- offer attractive products to our clients that give them good yields and get them good FDIC coverage to keep deposit balances as strong as we can.
Paul Reilly : And I think you asked the FA reaction there has been, look, their job was to invest idle cash and they put it in money markets, and they didn't leave the system. They put it in money markets and they put it in treasuries, CDs to get yields and they said just give us the yield. We like the program. So once we roll it out, we've had money flowing in. And so our job is to manage just how much of it we really need. It's in the system. We have a very good product, and we're just going to have to balance that given operations. We feel very comfortable at our levels right now. And with the reserves we have on top that we really haven't touched. So I think it's going to be just the process of managing how much of the higher cost funds you need given the movement in the market.
Paul Shoukry : One other metric that I think is pertinent on this topic is sort of the deposit -- aggregate deposit data since rates started rising. And really, you have to look at it both at the sweep program and also adding the Enhanced Saving Program balances. And on a spot basis, that aggregate deposit beta has only been for us 25% to 30%. And we bet, which is we've seen so far, again, they have a much higher mix of the higher cost funding at this juncture. And that's with us being able to be more generous to our clients than most of our competitors in the sweep program. So to the extent that we have to raise some incremental higher cost deposits, 25% to 30% aggregate deposit beta at this point is much lower than I think we all expected at this point in the cycle. So we have a lot of kind of capacity and bandwidth to add higher cost funding, while still generating attractive returns.
Manan Gosalia : That's helpful. And maybe as a related question then. Can you talk about the percentages on the third-party bank fee rates from here as we think over the next few quarters? So after the Fed stops hiking rates, I'm assuming that deposit betas will continue to rise and be a drag. But I guess, at the same time, the demand for these deposits will also likely be strong. Is there some offset from the 12.5 basis points or so of spread that you make on that portfolio?
Paul Reilly : There's no doubt. I mean, there's huge demand for deposits in the system. So the extent you have cash, banks are hungry for it. So the question is, what happens with rate and you would assume with that demand, you might get the spread should increase, right? So yes. So if the Fed stops raising or you have a recessionary cash returning out of the markets back into the regular sweep programs and deposit programs, do you think you -- our prediction as you would -- those spreads would increase, but we're not there at this point today. So it's really hard looking forward right now. I -- if we want to look forward a year or so, we feel a lot more comfortable than next quarter just because we've been in the middle of -- since March of a very dynamic market.
Manan Gosalia : It sounds like if balances are relatively flat, third-party bank fees should also be relatively flat beyond the second quarter?
Paul Shoukry : You have to look at the average, the average balances will be down 25% even if we keep them flat with where they ended the quarter. So -- but beyond that, then just depend on where the balances. The balances will drive it more so than the spread that we earn from the third-party banks, I guess, is the easiest way to describe it.
Manan Gosalia : Yes. Got it. Perfect. And then just a quick clarification on the office portfolio, you mentioned an LTV of 60%. How much of that is based on new appraisals versus valuation at the time the loan was made?
Paul Shoukry : It's a little bit of both, both on the -- to the extent that we have new appraisals that's factored into it. But I mean I think you can assume, as I said in the prepared remarks, that valuations are probably lower now than even that new appraisal base. So -- but the point being is we still have a reasonable cushion and underwrote those properties conservatively. But we also expect there to be some challenges if the economy continues to soften, particularly for real estate.
Paul Reilly : And in that percentage too, if you expect you have REIT loans, we are -- even our experience in '08 and '09 was that those diverse portfolios came through pretty well. And then when you have single property loans, you're more idiosyncratic, and so you just have to watch. But our total mix of commercial office is relatively low for any bank.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global. 
James Mitchell : Just maybe circling back on the Enhanced Savings Program, maybe a clarification, Paul. Are you saying in March, you had restrictions that required net new money, and now those restrictions are off. And if that's the case, how do you dial that back if you want to? Is it just price? Or I just want to make sure I understood what you're saying on the enhanced savings product?
Paul Reilly : The restrictions are where we opened it up for sales of certain securities for people that wanted to move from money markets back into cash, which is the only reason they the money markets was the spread. So we've opened that up. And we have two choices. We can say we've given time limits. If we need more, we can extend the time limits. Or if we want to cut it off, we can cut it off or -- you can always do that with rate, let it find seek its own level. So we have all those options. And we're just watching the balances. We're comfortable at these cash balances. We're actually comfortable lower, but we're Raymond James we always seem to be accused of having excess capital and excess balances. So we'll just dial it back or stop it, or if we open it up to other securities type, if you really need it, and there's treasuries, there's CDs, there's other things that have stayed on the system seeking yield. So we have a lot of flexibility. It just depends how much we need.
James Mitchell : Okay. So is the strategy from here if and when we start to see sweep balances stabilize, and it sounds like at least the outflows are slowing a little bit in April. We'll see if that continues. But if that does stabilize, do you sort of -- is this a level of deposits that you're comfortable with, you would sort of stop or slow the enhanced savings if you could stabilize all-in cash levels at the -- at current levels? Is this the defending level that you're thinking about?
Paul Reilly : We think we're at a level even when we were at the end of the quarter when we dropped below 50%, we were fine. But we'll keep it until we have extra in this environment. We'd rather -- if more flows in, we'll keep it for a while. You can always again lower rate, have it flow out the other yielding instruments. But yes, we're not trying to get it back into the 70s. That's for sure. We had excess too much cash then, but there is no place to put it. But I think somewhere in the 50s level, we'll try to -- we would start slowing it down.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.
Brennan Hawken : One, just -- it sounded like from Paul Shoukry comments on the comp ratio that if -- unless we see some kind of substantial change in capital markets environment that the comp ratio is probably -- this is probably a reasonable zone to think about until that inflects. Number one, is that right? And then if we do see a recovery in the Capital Markets revenue, what kind of order of magnitude would you expect to feed through and pull down that comp ratio?
Paul Shoukry : Yes. I mean it's a mix -- it's so is complicated because the revenue mix matters when you talk about our comp ratio. So we expect PCG revenues to be up given the higher fees -- assets and fee-based accounts. But that has a higher compensation ratio associated with it, then our net NII does, obviously. And so -- but again, to the extent Capital Markets revenues rebound to the healthier levels, not even record levels, but that they were enjoying in the last couple of years, but just healthy levels then that would be -- that would result all else being equal and an improvement to the comp ratio. So again, it's just hard given the revenue mix, I think 63% roughly for us historically has been very low, and that's been helped by the high levels of interest income and BDP fees that are not directly compensable to the producers. But I think the revenue mix going forward will dictate what the result will be. I think, anywhere close to 63%. Again, our guidance was 66% or lower just a year ago, a little bit more than a year ago, and that would have been historically a pretty attractive place to be. I'm not saying that's where we're going to get to. But if we can stay anywhere close to this range, we'd be pleased with that.
Brennan Hawken : Got it. Okay. Yes, that makes sense. -- a 10% decline in So one more on cash and deposit dynamics. I'm sorry, it's been a real dead horse to beat here. But you gave the trends quarter-to-date in the enhanced program, which is really helpful. Could you also speak to like overall trends in cash quarter-to-date? And then if what we're seeing in the Enhanced Program would be selling out of the purchased money fund and into the deposit program, wouldn't then we see you moving in the direction of the peers. Paul Shoukry, I think you commented a few times on how you're at 10 and peers are at 50. Does that mean you're going to converge to that level? Or you be pulling on some of those price and other levers that you referenced before to prevent that from happening?
Paul Reilly : So the #1 thing in the banking business I think maybe people forgot over the last decade, liquidity and protecting stable deposits. So that's number one. So that's -- it really depends on the deposit level. And to the extent we've given kind of a general target to you on the deposit levels, you just -- you have to compete with rate and to grow them unless market conditions change, and we don't know when that will happen. So yes, if the market keeps doing that, my guess is ours will go up over 10 and theirs will go up over 50 because to get the deposits reprice and repricing more, that's going to be a trend for everybody. It will be industry-wide. If it's idiosyncratic for one institution for some reasons, that they need a lot more, it's going to go up higher. So a lot of that's market dynamic.  I think the biggest thing people forget, when we limited kind of the money we put into banks for many years at 50%. And then when TriState joined, we upped it. We have less leverage. About 70% of our deposits go roughly to our banks. We have competitors at 90. And if you're up and it's not a criticism there, but if you're at 90, you got to be more aggressive for funding. We have more of a buffer. So we'll just watch it and play it by ear and watch it closely and do what we have to do to make sure we maintain liquidity and the outcome will be how much of higher cost deposits we have to have, but we're not doing it just to raise costs. We're only going to do that if we need it.
Paul Shoukry : And the only other thing I'll add to that is we have over $40 billion of purchased money market funds or our clients have over $40 billion of purchase money market funds on the platform. So all the cash really stayed within the system to the extent that -- and we earn very little on those purchased money market funds as a firm. So to the extent that our clients prefer to have the FDIC insurance at the attractive rate that we would be willing to offer that we are offering today that could really be a win-win for the client and for the firm because now that cash, even though it's higher cost to funding relative to our suits can give us -- generate more economics than staying in the purchase money market fund. So you kind of have to look at the holistic picture to determine whether or not it's really a win-win. And as Paul said earlier, we always strive to look for those win-win opportunities for both clients, advisors and the firm.
Paul Reilly : And part of the comfort we've had is just our nature when you looked at Raymond James Bank history at about 95% of the deposits insured. We went way out of our way and take money in programs to make sure they were insured just as a matter of course, we weren't worried about -- we weren't worried about uninsured deposits a few years ago when deposits were flushed. But typical for us, we just look down range and say, okay, for the premium, it's worth it to have for clients to be protected, and I think it keeps our funding sources more stable.
Brennan Hawken : Okay. That's helpful. And also for the added points on your philosophy. Could you touch on the point about overall cash trends quarter-to-date beyond just the Enhanced?
Paul Shoukry : Yes. As I said, we are today right around where we ended the quarter. We're right around $52 billion of sweep and Enhanced Saving Program balances. I think the Enhanced Saving Program balances are over $4.5 billion. And again, to be flat in the month of April with the tax payments and the quarterly fee billings, we think is a good result and hopefully portends well for the dynamic going forward.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the presentation back to the speakers.
Paul Reilly : Yes. Good. Thank you all for joining us. I know you're all busy, given all the dynamics in the market. So obviously, an uncertain market. But again, I think the conservative way we run the firm really puts us in good shape. We are at our conference with 4,000 advisors here and there pretty excited. So it's nice to be here. Thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you all soon.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-01-25 07:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Raymond James Financial's First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. 
 Now I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. 
Kristina Waugh: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed today is available on Raymond James' Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions.
 Calling your attention to Slide 2. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions and our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, divestitures, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, could, anticipates, expects, believes or continue or a negative of such terms or other comparable terminology as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. 
 During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul? 
Paul Reilly: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Although there is a lot of disappointment for us in the Bucks' playoff game and even more disappointment for me is Paul Shoukry's Bulldogs won the National Championship, Raymond James came through again with another good, solid performance. 
 During a volatile and challenging market environment, we generated strong quarterly results, including record net income available to common shareholders of $507 million, annualized return on common equity of 21.3% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 26.1%. Once again, these results highlight the value of having diverse and complementary businesses. 
 Record Private Client Group results driven by robust organic growth, along with strong expansion of net interest margins in the Bank segment and yields on the RJBDP balances at third-party banks in the PCG segment, offset market-driven declines experienced through the Capital Markets businesses. 
 As demonstrated this quarter, with the sharp increase in net interest income and RJBDP fees, we have been and remain well positioned for continued rise in short-term interest rates with diverse and ample funding sources, a high concentration of floating rate assets and strong balance sheet flexibility given solid capital ratios. 
 Turning now to the results starting on Slide 4. In the first fiscal quarter, the firm reported net revenues of $2.79 billion, record pretax income of $652 million and record net income available to common shareholders of $507 million or $2.30 per diluted share. Excluding expenses related to acquisitions and the favorable impact of a $32 million insurance settlement received during the quarter, adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $505 million or $2.29 per diluted share. 
 Quarterly net revenues were flat compared to the prior year quarter and down 2% compared to the preceding quarter largely driven by the benefit of higher short-term interest rates on net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks, offset by the market-driven declines in investment banking revenues and asset management and related administrative fees. Record quarterly net income available to common shareholders increased 14% over the prior year's fiscal first quarter largely due to higher net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks. 
 And as I mentioned earlier, we generated very strong returns, with annualized return on common equity of 21.3% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 26.1%. Impressive results, especially given the challenging market conditions and our strong capital position. 
 Moving on to Slide 5. We ended the quarter with total client assets under administration of $1.17 trillion, PCG assets and fee-based accounts of $633 billion and financial assets under management of $186 billion. With our unwavering focus on retaining, supporting and attracting high-quality financial advisers, PCG consistently generates strong organic growth. We ended the quarter with nearly 8,700 financial advisers and generated domestic net new assets of $23 billion in the quarter, representing a 9.8% annualized growth rate on beginning of the period domestic PCG assets. 
 Net new assets were strong this quarter and also helped by the seasonally high interest and dividends received in December. Over the trailing 12-month period, we generated net new asset growth of 7.3% of domestic PCG assets at the beginning of the period. During the same 12-month period, we recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels financial advisers with nearly $300 million of trailing 12-month production and approximately $40 billion of client assets at their previous firms. 
 Total clients' domestic cash sweep balances declined 10% to $60 billion, representing 5.9% of domestic PCG assets under administration. The domestic suite balances represent our lowest cost deposits as we have yet to utilize enhanced yield savings accounts to attract cash deposits. Total bank loans grew 2% sequentially to a record $44 billion, reflecting growth at both Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. 
 Moving to Slide 6. The Private Client Group generated record results with quarterly net revenues of $2.06 billion and pretax income of $434 million. Asset-based revenues declined. However, the segment's results were lifted by the benefit from higher short-term interest rates, including increased yields on RJBDP fees from third-party banks and the Bank segment. 
 The Capital Markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $295 million and a pretax loss of $16 million. Capital Markets revenues declined 52% compared to the record-setting results in the prior year and quarter, mostly driven by lower investment banking revenues largely due to the volatile and uncertain markets. 
 The Asset Management segment generated pretax income of $80 million on net revenues of $207 million. The decreases in net revenue and pretax income were largely attributable to lower financial assets under management as the net inflows to fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group were offset by a year-over-year fixed income and equity markets decline. 
 The Bank segment generated record quarterly net revenues of $508 million and pretax income of $136 million. Net revenue growth was primarily due to higher loan balances and significant expansion of the bank's net interest margin to 3.36% for the quarter, up 144 basis points over a year ago quarter and 45 basis points from the preceding quarter, reflecting the flexible and floating rate nature of our balance sheet. 
 And now for a more detailed review of our financial first quarter results, I'm going to turn the call over to Paul Shoukry. Paul? 
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul.
 Starting with consolidated revenues on Slide 8. Quarterly net revenues of $2.79 billion were flat year-over-year and declined 2% sequentially. Asset management and related administrative fees declined 10% compared to the prior year quarter and 4% compared to the preceding quarter, in line with the guidance we provided on last quarter's call based on lower fee-based assets at the end of the preceding quarter due to the equity market declines. 
 This quarter, fee-based assets grew 8%. This growth should provide a tailwind for asset management and related administrative fees, which we expect to increase 5% to 6% in the fiscal second quarter, reflecting 2 fewer billable days. 
 Brokerage revenues of $484 million declined 13% compared to the prior year's fiscal first quarter and grew 1% over the preceding quarter. The year-over-year decline was largely due to lower fixed income and equity brokerage revenues in the Capital Markets segment as well as lower asset-based trail revenues in PCG. I'll discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly. 
 In a much more difficult market environment than we anticipated on last quarter's call, investment banking revenues of $141 million declined 67% compared to the record set in the prior year quarter and 35% compared to the preceding quarter. Despite a healthy pipeline and good engagement levels, there remains a lot of uncertainty in the pace and timing of deal closings given the heightened market volatility. At this point, it is too difficult to say when conditions will become conducive to increased creativity. 
 Other revenues of $44 million declined 45% sequentially primarily due to lower revenues in the affordable housing investments business, which was seasonally high in the preceding quarter. Looking forward, this business continues to have a strong pipeline. 
 Moving to Slide 9. Clients' domestic cash sweep balances ended the quarter at $60.4 billion, down 10% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 5.9% of domestic PCG client assets. The sweep balance declines were experienced in the Client Interest Program at the broker-dealer as well as with third-party banks. As of last Friday, these balances have declined to just under $57 billion, reflecting the quarterly fee payments of approximately $1.1 billion paid in January as well as additional cash sorting activity during the month. 
 The Raymond James Bank Deposit Sweep Program (sic) [ Raymond James Bank Deposit Program ] continues to be a relatively low-cost source of funding, and TriState Capital Bank adds an independent deposit franchise, providing a more diversified funding base. And as we have seen deposits declined significantly across the entire financial system, we realize even greater value in having multiple funding sources. To that end, we are also in the process of launching an enhanced yield savings program for our Private Client Group clients. 
 Turning to Slide 10. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $723 million, up 253% over the prior year's fiscal first quarter and 19% over the preceding quarter. This strong growth reflects the immediate impact from higher short-term rates given the limited duration and high concentration of floating rate assets on our balance sheet. Our long-standing approach has been to maintain a high concentration of floating rate assets, which is proving to be a significant tailwind in this rising rate environment. 
 The bank's net interest margin shown on the bottom portion of the slide increased 45 basis points sequentially to 3.36% for the quarter. And the average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks increased 87 basis points to 2.72%. Both the NIM and the average yield on RJBDP balances increased more than we expected on last quarter's call as a deposit beta on the last rate increase was closer to 15%. 
 The spot NIM for the Bank segment is currently close to 3.5%, and the spot yield on RJBDP balances is approximately 3.2%. So we currently expect continued near-term tailwinds for net interest income and related fees despite the ongoing cash sorting activity. The anticipated rate increases should also help. But remember, there are 2 fewer days in the second fiscal quarter. 
 While we still have sweep balances with third-party banks that could be redeployed to the Bank segment, longer term, if rates stabilize at these levels, we expect the bank's NIM will be impacted by the mix of deposits, anticipating a larger portion of higher cost deposits being utilized to fund the future balance sheet growth. 
 While we are pleased to see the significant NIM expansion, as we have said in the past, we have always prioritized net interest income over net interest margin. And our goal is to continue growing net interest income as we deliberately grow the balance sheet over time. 
 Moving to consolidated expenses on Slide 11. Beginning with our largest expense, compensation. The total compensation ratio for the quarter was 62.3%, nearly flat from the preceding quarter. The adjusted compensation ratio was 61.7% during the quarter. Despite lower Capital Markets revenues, the compensation ratio largely reflects the significant benefit from higher net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks. 
 As a reminder, the impact of salary increases effective on January 1 and the reset of payroll taxes at the beginning of the calendar year will be reflected in the fiscal second quarter. Noncompensation expenses of $398 million decreased 13% sequentially. Adjusting for acquisition-related noncompensation expenses of $11 million and the favorable impact received of $32 million, both included in our non-GAAP earnings adjustments, noncompensation expenses were $419 million during the quarter. 
 The bank loan provision for credit losses of $14 million in the quarter primarily reflects changes to macroeconomic assumptions used in the CECL models as well as modest loan growth. I'm proud of our continued disciplined management of expenses exhibited again this quarter where we remain focused on investing in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisers and their clients. 
 Given the benefits from higher short-term interest rates, we expect to maintain our compensation ratio well below 66% as it has been around 62% over the past 2 quarters, even with much lower revenues in the Capital Markets segment this quarter. Noncompensation expenses, excluding provision for credit losses and the aforementioned non-GAAP adjustments, are still expected to be around $1.7 billion for the fiscal year. 
 Slide 12 shows the pretax margin trend over the past 5 quarters. In the fiscal first quarter, we generated a pretax margin of 23.4%, a very strong result, highlighting the benefit of our diversified business model, the upside we preserve, the higher short-term interest rates and our consistent focus on being disciplined on expenses. 
 Similar to my comments on the compensation ratio, given the interest rate tailwinds, we currently believe we are well positioned to continue delivering pretax margins above the previously disclosed 19% to 20% target. However, given the cash sorting dynamics as well as interest rate and market uncertainty, we believe it is premature to formally update our targets in this volatile environment. 
 On Slide 13, at quarter end, total assets were $77 billion, a 5% sequential decrease, primarily reflecting the decline in Client Interest Program cash balances. The reduction of balance sheet assets helped increase the Tier 1 leverage ratio during the quarter. 
 Liquidity and capital remained very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $2 billion, well above our $1.2 billion target. The Tier 1 leverage ratio of 11.3%, the total capital ratio of 21.5% are both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. Our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. 
 The effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.9%, reflecting a tax benefit recognized for share-based compensation that vested during the period. Going forward, we still believe 24% to 25% is an appropriate estimate to use in your models. 
 Slide 14 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past 5 quarters. In December, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend on common shares 24% to $0.42 per share and authorized share repurchases of up to $1.5 billion, replacing the previous authorization of $1 billion. During the fiscal first quarter, the firm repurchased 1.29 million shares of common stock for $138 million at an average price of $106 per share. As of January 25, 2023, $1.4 billion remained available under the Board's approved common stock repurchase authorization. 
 Since the closing of the TriState acquisition, on June 1 through January 25, we have repurchased approximately 3 million common shares for $300 million or approximately $100 per share under the Board authorization. We remain committed to offset the share issuance associated with the acquisition of TriState as well as share-based compensation dilution and still expect to achieve our objective of repurchasing $1 billion of shares in fiscal 2023. But of course, we will continue to closely monitor market conditions and other capital needs as we plan for these repurchases over the coming quarters. 
 Lastly, on Slide 15, we provide key credit metrics for our Bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio remains healthy. Criticized loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.01%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 0.92%, down from 1.18% at December 2021, nearly flat sequentially. The year-over-year decline in the bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment reflects the higher proportion of securities-based loans largely due to the acquisition of TriState Capital Bank. Securities-based loans, which account for approximately 34% of our bank loan portfolio, are generally collateralized by marketable securities and typically do not require an allowance for credit losses. 
 The bank allowance for credit losses on corporate loans as a percentage of corporate loans held for investment was 1.64% at quarter end. We believe this represents an appropriate reserve, but we are continuing to closely monitor any impacts of inflation, supply chain constraints and a potential recession on our corporate loan portfolio. 
 Now I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul? 
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. 
 As I said in the start of the call, I'm pleased with our results and our ability to generate record earnings during what continues to be a very volatile market. And while there are many uncertainties, we believe we're well positioned to drive growth over the long term across all of our businesses. 
 In the Private Client Group, next quarter results will be favorably impacted by the expected 5% to 6% sequential increase in asset management and related administrative fees. Additionally, the segment will continue to benefit from higher short-term interest rates, as described by Paul. 
 Focusing more on the long term, I am optimistic we will continue delivering industry-leading growth as current and prospective advisers are attracted to our client-focused values in leading technology and production solutions. 
 In the Capital Markets segment, while M&A pipelines remain healthy, the pace and timing of closings will be heavily influenced by market conditions. And in the fixed income space, depository clients are experiencing declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on our brokerage activity. 
 However, SumRidge, with its rapidly evolving fixed income and trading technology marketplace, enhances our position as this business typically benefits from elevated rate volatility. Over the long term, we are well positioned across Capital Markets for growth given the investments we have made over the past 5 years, which have significantly increased our productive capacity and market share. 
 In the Asset Management segment, financial assets under management are starting the fiscal second quarter up 7% compared to the preceding quarter, which should provide a tailwind to revenues if markets remain conducive. We remain confident that the strong growth of assets in fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. 
 In addition, we expect Raymond James investment management, which generated modest net inflows this quarter, to help drive further growth through increased scale, distribution, operational and marketing synergies. And the Bank segment is well positioned for rising short-term interest rates and has ample capital to grow the balance sheet prudently. However, in an increasing rate environment, loan growth will face headwinds until rates stabilize and borrowers adjust to a new normal in the cost of borrowings. 
 Additionally, as cash sorting has continued in the sweep program, we expect to increase the focus on funding the growth of the bank's balance sheet with higher costs, diversified sources over the long term. Currently, we have sweep balances at third-party banks that could be redeployed to the Bank segment. However, the past has also taught us that cash sweep balances can decrease or increase rapidly depending on market conditions. Importantly, the credit quality of the Bank segment's loan portfolio remains strong, and we are closely watching economic conditions related to the lending portfolio. 
 In just a short period since the closing of the acquisition of TriState Capital, I am very pleased with their performance. Staying true to TriState's independent operating model, including remaining a separately chartered bank with its own client relationships. This model, coupled with our strong capital, should foster its ongoing growth. 
 It's no accident that our businesses are positioned well for future growth. It is a result of our steady focus on making decisions for the long term, especially in volatile and uncertain market conditions. We are well positioned for the continued rise in short-term interest rates with diverse funding sources, solid loan growth, high concentration of floating rate assets and ample balance sheet flexibility given the solid capital ratios, which are all well in excess of regulatory requirements. 
 Finally, in these uncertain times is when clients need trusted advice the most. And I want to thank our advisers and associates for their unwavering dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day. Our strong results are a direct reflection of your contributions. So thank you very much to all of you. 
 With that, operator, will you please open it up for questions? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. 
Devin Ryan: I guess just a couple of quick ones on my end. First, on the buyback. So you repurchased $138 million. It's a bit below the implied $250 million average target. And so I guess the implication is there's going to be a catch up. So I'm just trying to understand the factors that impact the cadence, whether it was being price conscious or were you in blackout through the quarter that we didn't see or maybe any other reasons trying to think about, again, kind of the cadence there. 
Paul Shoukry: We're still targeting the $1 billion of repurchases for fiscal 2023, as we've said several times now. And so that obviously means we would have to ratchet that up on an average basis going forward to get to that $1 billion mark. 
 There was a lot of volatility in this particular quarter. And then as you point out, there's always a blackout period. So we were pleased to get $136 million in. But understand that to hit our target going forward, we're going to have to kind of increase that average. 
 But with that being said, we're still going to -- a lot can change between now and the end of the fiscal year, so we do monitor market conditions and all the sources and uses that we have for cash and capital at the firm. 
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay. And just a follow-up here on net interest income in private clients. So that's been obviously very strong, and that came in better than we were looking for. And we see the decline in the kind of the Client Interest Program. And so if you're trying to think about the other drivers there, was the kind of continued strength there driven by margin and just higher margin rates? Or some of your peers had some sec lending that helped as well. So I'm curious if there was any kind of lumpy sec lending in there. Just trying to think about some of the moving parts that's keeping that really strong. 
Paul Shoukry: Sec lending was not a driver. Really, it was just the higher yields on both the segregated assets pursuant to the broker-dealer regulations as well as the higher yields on the margin balances. But I will point out going forward, sort of the "last in, first out" type of cash is really the Client Interest Program cash, and that has declined the most dramatically during this cash sorting cycle. And so we're probably at around $3 billion to $4 billion of those balances today versus sort of the average balance for the quarter of $6 billion. So that would be something you would need to consider, which would partially be offset by the higher rates going forward as well, factoring in a full quarter of last quarter's rate hikes and potential rate hikes this quarter, but something that you would need to factor into your modeling. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Gerry O'Hara from Jefferies. 
Gerald O'Hara: Hoping you might be able to just give a little incremental color on the enhanced yield product, where you see the sort of demand coming for that and what the potential kind of rates might be that could be offered to clients. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. If you look at -- I think almost everyone has offered enhanced yield programs today that are not new. We just haven't had a need for them because of the amount of the client cash we've had. And as that dwindles more and just even as a defensive mechanism, we will offer them. And that's the account. Whether people have people and money markets and on an insured product, which we have, or if people are thinking of moving their money, they have a competitive yield without moving their money into sweeps -- I mean, into money markets or fixed income products or things. So that's really a number of firms in the industry primarily than relying on that. We haven't because of the cost of funds. But as we've had it -- we're reaching an area where we've always said, "If we get to this area, we'll offer some of those products."
 The competitive rates in today's market are probably between 3.75% and 4%. Some -- to cut some outliers on either side, but that's the cost and what our competitors have been doing and to the point that we're going to make sure we're always on the positive side the cash. 
 Good news is even at those much higher rates, we can still earn a spread. And also since we really have all low-yield deposits and almost virtually 0 high-cost deposits, adding some will just be -- it won't be as big of an impact on our cost of funds as most places have significant deposits today. 
Gerald O'Hara: Great. And then maybe one just on the recruiting environment. Is there anything seasonal kind of about turning the calendar that would be sort of advantageous as it relates to kind of attracting and recruiting advisers? And perhaps if you could also just kind of touch on just any of the dynamics around transition assistance and what you're kind of seeing in the marketplace. 
Paul Reilly: Thank you. I mean for years, everybody said, "Well, we hear it's competitive." It's been competitive a long time. It continues to be competitive. I would say that the competitive environment is about the same. I said the only thing new in the last year is there are some third-party RIA aggregators that have paid more than the other firms competing for people in the adviser space. But we are at a very strong backlog. 
 Last year, our employee division led the way and set its own record. And our independent division was a little slower in this first quarter. The independent's recruiting faster and the employee, a little slower, I mean, through one quarter, but what we see is the backlog, very, very strong in both divisions, very large teams. So we still feel good about the recruiting. And it's -- if you just look at the last few years, I think we've been right up at the top of the charts on net new assets and recruiting. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. 
Manan Gosalia: I wanted to ask a question on cash sorting. Can you comment on the broader trends in cash sorting? We're sort of getting closer to that 5% of client assets that has been a lower end of the range in the past. So is that 5% still a good base for where cash should settle? And how quickly do you think we'd get there? 
Paul Shoukry: I think the true answer is no one really knows. We -- that 5% number was based on that 2016 to '19 period. So we don't have a lot of -- as an industry, a lot of great historical benchmarking because, of course, even in that 2016 to '19 period, the Fed funds target topped out at 2.5%. And so arguably, client sensitivity around rate is heightened when you're at today's Fed fund target rate and the yields that you can earn on your investable cash balances. 
 So 5% is good, I guess, as any, but we're certainly not hanging our hat on that potentially being a 4%, which is why, as Paul says, we are looking at all the diversified sources of funding that we can offer our clients, that would be attractive to our clients and also gives us additional appreciation of the TriState Capital franchise because they have an independent and diversified funding source as well. 
Paul Reilly: I don't think we tried to figure out what the bottoms are when we acquired -- when TriState joined us, and we talked about diversified funding, I think a lot of people said, "Well, why are you even bringing that up? You've got record cash deposits." Well, we always anticipate these time frames. And just in 2019, where we started -- ready to roll out some higher-yielding products because no one wanted cash, all of a sudden, we got flooded with cash again overnight. So we know these dynamics can change, and change rapidly. 
 And so cash sorting as reported, it's continued. Whether 5% at the bottom or it goes a little lower, I don't know. A lot of the lower balance deposits, which are significant, have been very, very steady. So at some point, the higher deposits probably find a home where it's material enough at today's rates to make a difference on the lower -- just like bank accounts, it's not enough to make a change. So we're just -- we always prepare and fear the worst. But generally -- because you just don't know. So I wish -- I hope 5% is the bottom, but we'll see. And we'll be prepared if it wasn't. 
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Okay. Great. And then in terms of deposits, you noted you're allocating more deposits to the bank rather than a third-party bank program. So is there a specific loan-to-deposit ratio or liquidity level that you're thinking about maintaining at a bank? And how should we think about this going forward if cash hoarding continues at the same rate? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. The biggest constraint on that is just sort of the percentage of BDP sweep deposits that we want in our own bank because we always wanted there to be a cushion of balances that are swept to third-party banks and case balances, as Paul said, do decline more rapidly than we expect. So that's really kind of the governing factor. It's roughly at 75% today in terms of the amount of the BDP sweep cash that is going to our own banks. Maybe it will go a little bit higher than that. I mean of the $14 billion to $15 billion of cash with third-party banks, today, a good portion of that could be swapped over to our own bank while still preserving clients' FDIC insurance that we offer them, which is best-in-class in the industry, by the way, as far as we can tell. But we also want to make sure we're being prudent and not exposing ourselves to funding risk by shifting too much over. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. We have plenty of capital and liquidity. So our first source is to fund the banks, that's our business. And then to the extent, the sweep is really a cash overflow in a lot of ways, but a good part of our business model. So right now, we're not alarmed. We still have flexibility. But at some point, we've known people that have gone up to 90% of cash or something. We just -- that's a little to leverage for us. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: Apologies for a 2-parter, but it is related. So I'm hoping to just better understand the balance sheet strategy for you guys from here. So on the one hand, Paul, you talked about slowing loan growth in this environment. And then at the same time, you're talking about launching an enhanced yield product on the deposit side despite the fact that you have lots of liquidity in third-party bank deposit sweep still. So maybe help me understand how much of that $18 billion third-party bank is ultimately sweepable to your bank. How big the enhanced yield program you think ultimately will be for you guys over the next 12 months? And how are you thinking about the overall growth at the bank in terms of the growth in assets? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. So the growth -- ultimately, the growth in the bank is driven by client demand, right? And so as Paul said in his prepared remarks, that client demand is experiencing headwinds now that interest rates are on the move, as you would expect. Until they get used to the new normal of interest rates, we expect those headwinds to continue. But one thing we will not do is when client demand does slow down naturally given the rate environment today, we're not going to stretch for growth or get into asset classes that are not really client-oriented. 
 With that being said, in terms of the funding, we always want to prepare for the future. One quarter is certainly not a trend. And so we want to be there for our clients, whether it's a year to 2 to 5 years out from now. And so we want to make sure that we're diversifying our -- and strengthening our funding sources so that we have the ample funding for when client demand does come back. Because we know it will eventually come back, we just don't know when or how quickly it will be. So that's sort of how we think about the strategy, it's a long-term strategy versus trying to manage it quarter-to-quarter. 
Paul Reilly: I think in terms of the amount, it's we don't know. So what you do is you turn on the program, start raising money, and you can always accelerate it by letting more clients know, pushing it more, changing the rate in the competitive market. I mean you have lots of levers to speed it up. You certainly can slow it down or you can stop it. So -- but you can't do any of those unless you start it. 
 So we have the technology up and running. We've got it tested. And now we're going to go out and open it up to a degree. And if we need it more, we'll spread it out to a broader base of the adviser segments. And if it ends up being more than we need and we see cash goes the other way, we'll slow it down or turn it off. 
 So it's about being prepared. It's the same in TriState, has third-party sources, too. And we said, just prepare to turn them on, make sure they're there, get interest. And then if we need them, we could be more aggressive. If we don't, we can just stop. So it's just a balance. 
 If we know how much cash we need -- yes, if we know how much cash we need, we'd tell you. We know how much we have to raise, but we're -- we always assume we can run models and speculate, but we -- the truth is we really don't know, so we just need to be able to react to it. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Credit Suisse. 
William Katz: Also appreciate you moving back the conference call tonight. Just following up on sort of this last line of questioning. As you think about earning asset growth, a, can you grow that in an environment where there's sorting and mixed loan demand? And b, if it does grow, could you talk a little bit about the sort of decision-making between loan growth and the investment securities portfolio? 
Paul Shoukry: Again, right now, in a tighter funding environment and more uncertain funding environment, we are certainly prioritizing client demand and client funding needs over the securities portfolio just like we prioritize the security portfolio when we needed to accommodate surplus client cash balances. Again, our balance sheet is primarily there for clients. And that's how we -- that's kind of -- a difference between how we think about our balance sheet and many of our peers is that we really do think about the client demand, both on the asset and on the funding side. 
 So yes, in terms of the loan growth going forward, as Paul says, we really don't know what it's going to be. What we're not going to do is force our stretch for growth, but we will continue to provide -- have our advisers provide excellent advice for their clients. And to the extent that they need mortgages or securities-based loans or our corporate clients reengage in M&A and they need financing, then we want to be there for them. 
William Katz: Okay. And then just a follow-up. Maybe switch back to capital for a moment. Obviously, you said a pretty strong capital position, as you both have mentioned. Can you update us on what your latest thinking is on where you'd like to have that Tier 1 leverage ratio settle out? And I think you've mentioned a couple of times of opportunities to deploy your capital. Will you be able to buy back -- would you buy back the full $1 billion? Or is it a function of potential M&A? And if you're interested in M&A, where might you be looking? 
Paul Reilly: So yes, let me go backwards into the question. And first, we like organic growth the best. It's been our focus because it's sustained, it's large, consistent, net new assets. Even when we're not doing acquisitions in the PCG space, we're still growing. And -- but we like acquisitions for the right targets, and we can't tell if and when those would happen. I think in the last few years, people doubted if we were serious, and then we closed 3 deals pretty quickly. 
 So our goals right now in our balance sheet, we gave a Tier 1 target of 10%. We're still at that target. It's gone up faster. Good news is part of that is earnings. But the other reason is just really the shrinking of the corporate balance sheet, too. As cash has come up the balance sheet, that ratio went up without really a lot of changes. 
 We're still committed to it. We're committed to the $1 billion target, as Paul mentioned in his remarks, that we wanted to do the $1 billion this year. We got partially there this quarter, and we know we have to get more aggressive to hit that, but we're -- that's our plans. 
 In terms of other capital, we'll always say if the great -- a great acquisition showed up tomorrow and it required a lot of capital, would we use it instead of buybacks? Possibly. Is this accretive? Advantaged? Don't have one, so I don't -- theoretical question. But if it did, we'll always balance what's the best use of the capital. But our plans right now is to focus on our commitment to hit that $1 billion target. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Seaport Capital (sic) [ Seaport Research Partners ]. 
James Mitchell: Paul, maybe on just the NII thoughts. If you think about average Fed funds, it could be up. If you look at the forward curve, it could be up close to 90 basis points in the first quarter versus the fourth. But then you have sort of this mix shift in deposits. You have higher spot NIM going into the first quarter. So how do we think about NIM and NII in the first quarter? And how you're thinking about the trajectory? You kind of mentioned you want to grow NII. Can you do that consistently? Or do we -- should we expect the negative mix shift starts to hurt NII growth after 1Q? Just trying to think whether it's 1Q or full year, whatever you want to want to give us. 
Paul Shoukry: Obviously, there's, Jim, a lot of variables that kind of go into that. But as we look into our fiscal second quarter, I mean, we're entering in with a spot rate of 3.5% for the bank's NIM -- for the Bank segment. And so that's before any additional benefit from further rate hikes potentially. And so -- and we have grown the bank's portfolio of 2%. Their assets have grown 2% sequentially. 
 So net-net, when you sort of think about the fact that there's 2 fewer days in the second quarter than the first quarter, we still believe we will be able to grow net interest income overall in the second quarter. And that may -- that will likely be offset by a decline -- partially offset by a decline in the BDP fees just because the balances are down. Probably, the average balances sequentially will probably be down 20% to 25% as we've put up a greater proportion of the funds to the Bank segment. But again, we'll have a higher spread on those balances. We're entering in with a spot rate of 3.2% versus the average yield that we earned during the quarter -- first quarter of 2.7%. 
Paul Reilly: I think also is we'd have to really hustle on raising high-cost deposits, which could be significant enough to have a huge impact on that number in the shorter term. But obviously, if the cash dynamic and sorting continues, that will start impacting as we raise. So we'll just have to see how that goes. 
James Mitchell: Right. Okay. And maybe just as a follow-up, on admin comp and PCG was up, I think, 21% year-over-year, 7% sequentially. Is that a new run rate? Or is there some intersegment? Because I did notice that the comp and benefits line in Corporate, Other was down 20-plus percent. Was there some kind of shifting of those kind of costs among segments? Or is that just a higher upward pressure in that line? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Jim, I would tell you that the first quarter comparisons to the fourth quarter are always a little bit noisy just because in the fourth quarter, we're always trying to adjust the bonus and benefit accruals to reflect the actual results for the fiscal year, and then we sort of reset those accruals in the first quarter. So I think last year at this time, it was like an 11% increase in PCG admin comp as an example. .
 So there's some -- there's a lot of noise comparing the sequential -- year-over-year, of course, we have acquisitions. We have the Charles Stanley acquisition for the full quarter this year in PCG as well as just kind of overall growth of the business in the PCG business. 
 With that being said, in the second quarter, we do have the impact of the payroll tax reset as we enter the beginning of the calendar year. And then we also will see the impact of the salary increases that have become effective on January 1. And those salary increases this year were significant. As we always have done, we always want to share in the success of the firm with our associates who make that success possible. And particularly in this inflationary environment, given our record results in the fiscal year we did, we were generous in passing on salary increases to our associates. And that will be reflected fully in the second quarter. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. 
Kyle Voigt: [ Give you a ] question, just given the forward curve and market expectations now for the Fed to begin cutting by year-end 2023 and into 2024, I was wondering if you could help us think about deposit betas through a declining Fed funds environment. And I think during the last rate cycle, the adjustments on yields are the betas on the way down for the first few cuts in 2019, relatively high and help support the bank NIM. I guess is it fair to look back towards that last cycle as a good guide for how you would kind of match your deposit rates this cycle as well? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we're still having a hard time being exactly right on what the deposit betas are in this up cycle. So certainly, trying to predict what it will be in a different cycle is very difficult to do. It'd be based on the competitive environment and a lot of other dynamics that apply at the time. For example, in the last rate cycle, we had surges and cash balances because it was due to the pandemic. And so when rates were cut, we obviously had a -- did not have a funding need per se. We actually had cash that we had to figure out how to place. That may not be the case next time rates decrease. 
 I don't think you can compare different cycles just because each one is so unique. So most people are sort of guessing that the deposit betas on the way down will be symmetrical to what they've been on the way up. I guess that's a good guess, but we really don't know. 
Kyle Voigt: Okay. And then just maybe a follow-up just on the net loan growth in the quarter. Just wondering if you could help us understand some of the dynamics by loan bucket. And I know we'll see some more [ infills within the Q ], but it looks like demand for SBL has been a bit weaker. And so it looks like you're seeing decent demand for mortgages, even with the tough backdrop. So just given the rest of this year or this fiscal year, I guess, where should we expect more of the loan growth to really come from? And should we kind of expect that slower SBL demand to persist near term? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we actually do provide the line-by-line end-of-period loans in the supplement, so it's kind of buried in there. I know we provide a lot of materials, but there is some more detail there. But you are right, the SBL balances declined sequentially. And that was due to, frankly, a lot of repayments as the interest rates went up dramatically over the last 3 to 6 months on those lines. 
 And so residential mortgages went up. A lot of that was due to mortgages that were in process even before the quarter. As you know, mortgages take a while to go through the underwriting and closing process. So as we said earlier, we don't know really what the dynamic is going to look like going forward. It's going to be based on client demand. 
 We do expect until the rates settle out and clients get used to whatever the new norm is, we do expect headwinds for growth across all loan categories, both floating and fixed really, because the fixed coupons are up as well, although we don't do much in the way of fixed. But certainly, mortgages is a category that -- borrowers are still getting used to 5.5% to 6.5% across the industry when it was just 3% to 3.5% 1.5 years ago. So it is a pretty dramatic change in a pretty short period of time. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS. 
Brennan Hawken: I know you've touched on this a couple of times, but I'm still a little confused, and so I'd love to ask a follow-up. Paul -- sorry, Paul Shoukry, you speak about the liquidity in the balance sheet often, and we can certainly see your liquidity on the asset side. And so I guess I'm not 100% clear as to why -- what the impulse is to raise higher-cost funding through this enhanced yield program when you could simply allow for some of the assets to run off, especially the stuff that's easily replaceable like securities. So could you maybe clarify that for me? 
 And then also, we've seen some competitors launch similar products in the last few quarters, and that has led to a pretty strong mix shift in favor of the higher cost funding. Do you have any estimates or any rough idea about how much mix shift to that type you'll see in your own deposit base? 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, so to your point, Brennan, we are kind of continuing to let the securities portfolio run off. A lot of that growth over the last 2 years is really accommodating client cash balances on the balance sheet. And so we really built that up well beyond our liquidity targets at Raymond James Bank. 
 So the answer is really kind of all of the above when it comes to funding. We're doing that. We're also, as Paul said, making sure that we're prepared on many other fronts when it comes to funding. The enhanced yield savings, we're starting with a relatively small amount relative to our overall funding needs. But the point that Paul was bringing up is that we just want to make sure that we have all of these sources turned on and make sure that they're working, so we understand what the ability -- capabilities are, the demand is, et cetera. We learn from it. And then to the extent that we need to drive more balances through various levers, then we have the ability to do that. But it's hard to do that if you don't have it even turned on. 
Paul Reilly: I don't know of other institutions that don't have CDs, enhanced wealth. They've been aggressively raising money. Because of our floating rate balance sheet and our unusually high liquidity in -- both on our balance sheet and client cash, we haven't had to, and that's been part of what's driven a lot of the earnings. So -- but we could assume that we'll have enough and it'll last forever or we can start the programs in case they continue to run off more than the industry expects, and we'll still be well funded. So the reason we're starting it is just in case. And if we need more, we'll accelerate it. 
 So it wouldn't be prudent to wait until all of a sudden, we really need it, and we don't have any of the programs in place. Most -- there's many other firms that have needed it, and they've been very aggressive because they didn't have that flexibility. We've had the flexibility. But we're certainly going to -- as we always, we look to the long term, and we're going to have it in place and ready to go. And the only way you know you have it in place is when you're executing it and actually collecting deposits and everything is working well. And then you dial it up or you dial it back if you need it, so... 
Paul Shoukry: The only thing -- only other thing I would add is there's so much concern around mix shift as they -- understandably so, but it's not like the cash isn't moving. We have the best purchase money market fund platform in the industry, as far as I can tell. It's institutional share classes offered to any size client. And so it's not like the cash is moving to other higher-yielding destinations as it should, and the financial advisers help their clients with those type of decisions. 
 So to the extent that we can offer an attractive product on balance sheet that meets -- meet clients' needs, some are still concerned about money market funds, frankly, because they didn't perform very well in the last couple of cycles. So we have to offer an FDIC-insured product, which keeps the funding on the balance sheet and actually earns a better spread than if it goes into some of those other products, it could be a win-win. So that's kind of how we're looking at it as well. 
Brennan Hawken: Yes. Sure. Sure. Totally get you on the substitutes being broadly available. And any sense of your expectations for magnitude of how big this program could be? 
Paul Shoukry: No, because it really, frankly, depends on the levers that we pull, right? We have levers around the rate we offer, the size or the count that we limit it to, the size of the deposit, et cetera. So as Paul said, most of our competitors have already come out with it and had to be aggressive because in the last couple of years, they deployed almost all of their deposits to fund balance sheet growth. 
 We always said, and we took a lot of criticism for it a year or so ago, that we wanted to keep that cash very flexible. And so we don't have the same acute pressures on funding that they have had over the past 6 months. And so we're able to be more deliberate in sort of figuring out the right balance for clients and for the firm. 
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Chubak: I just had one final question on Capital Markets, and more specifically, the profitability or, I guess, lack thereof in the quarter. I recognize one quarter [ does not trend make ]. You did incur the pretax loss in the segment. What I wanted to better understand is given the lack of complex that we saw within the segment itself, how you're thinking about managing expenses and comp if you remain in a challenging investment banking backdrop? 
 It's something -- a question we're getting quite a lot because the pretax margin was strong for the firm. The comp ratio was certainly well managed for the firm overall. And at the same time, you didn't get the positive comp leverage this quarter, and much of that was secured by Cap Market. So any insight you could provide there would be really helpful. 
Paul Reilly: Yes, so I mean the Capital Markets have been difficult for everyone. And the -- part of -- there's a couple of factors. One, it didn't have a good quarter. But secondly, compared to a lot of other firms, we don't have any unallocated overhead. So there are other firms that certainly had lower results, but every penny of overhead is allocated to a segment, so you see a fully loaded P&L, and it's not the case in a lot of other firms, who if they had, might have a little bit of a different answer or a closer answer. 
 It was an off quarter due to, first, both M&A, and we all know what's happening with that slowdown and with underwriting. And the fixed income business -- again, we talked about the cash dynamic at third-party banks. So it was challenging. So we'll do what we always do. 
 First, we have a very variable comp structure that our bonuses -- our basis, although we raised them, are still lower than a lot of places. And we -- as we did 2 years ago, right, we took big pay cuts. You could see them even through the executives the year before this year. So we have a variable comp structure that will take care of that, and then we'll have to just look at the business and make whatever adjustments in those businesses we have to. 
 The good news is corporately, we're actually -- we've been very conservative. Although we've hired a lot of people, we have a lot of open positions, and we're just being less aggressive with hiring and making sure we keep the people we need through these cycles. So we don't go in like the tech companies, way overloaded. And I think in Capital Markets, they're just going to have to look at what businesses are there and what support they need to make those decisions. So I don't -- but certainly, we don't plan any sizable layoff programs that you've read in other firms. 
Operator: And there are no further questions. 
Paul Reilly: Great. Well, thank you very much. Thanks for joining us. And again, just overall, I don't think too many people are showing record net income to shareholders this quarter, but I think it's a testament to the model and -- but there's a lot of uncertainties going forward. We all know it. We all knew the questions you'd ask, and we're committed on the capital repurchases, with the only contingency if something comes up that we think can drive more shareholder value. 
 And on the cash and cash sorting, good questions. We could run models and give you answers based on them, but our experiences, they all vary from that. So we just -- we're going to raise as much cash as we need to support the business and not raise it if we don't need it. And so far, that served us well. So appreciate you joining the call and talk soon. 
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-10-27 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Raymond James Financials Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company’s Investor Relations website. Now I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James’ Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the Operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to slide two, please note, certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, divestitures, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, should, could, plans, intends, anticipates, expects, believes, estimates or continue or negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today’s call, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management’s view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. Now I am happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before I discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year earnings, I want to start by acknowledging the heartbreaking devastation our friends and neighbors, as well as over 200 associates on Florida Central Gulf Coast experienced a month ago from Hurricane Ian. While it has been difficult to bear witness to their pain and loss, I also have been humbled by the resilience of our associates, advisers and the community there. Fortunately, our Raymond James family impacted by the storm is safe. Just as notable, I can’t adequately express my gratitude for our Tampa Bay Area associates who, despite facing an uncertain path from a Category 4 Hurricane, worked diligently from remote locations to continue delivering our service first promise. Additionally, our associates at our corporate locations in Memphis and Southfield and Denver rose to the occasion covering for their coworkers, and pitching in where they could and working weekends to catch up. For those without power or other hardships, the home office was open to provide a comfortable and clean place to go. When the home office reopened, the camaraderie was obvious and uplifting. We provided emotional and mental health resources to associates, delivered a $500 relief check to all associates in impacted counties, and provided additional time off to help them manage their personal situations. Associates collected two semi-trucks of supplies, which were sent to our Fort Myers branch system to be distributed by advisers and associates in their areas. We have heard several heartwarming stories from recipients in these essential supplies, which in itself shows how the collective efforts and generosity truly made a difference for those who needed it most. The firm also responded by raising more than $1 million from corporate, executive leadership and associate donations to assist the recovery and support of those in need through the Red Cross and our friends of Raymond James Charity, who directly help associates with needed emergency funds for repairs and recovery. If I sound surprised, I am not, the preparation, perseverance and response to the storm reflected the long history of Raymond James service culture, and I am especially proud to represent our team today. Now moving to our results, I am very pleased with the results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, especially given the challenging market conditions. Despite the significant decline in equity markets during the year, we still generated record net revenues and record pre-tax income for the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Throughout the fiscal year, we remained focused on the long-term and continue to invest in our businesses, our people and our technology to help drive growth across our businesses. In the private client group, strong retention and recruiting of financial advisers contributed to industry-leading growth with domestic net new assets of 9% over the fiscal year. Furthermore, the Charles Stanley acquisition completed earlier in the year significantly expanded our presence in the U.K., which is a very attractive market for wealth management. In capital markets, annual investment banking results were very strong, only 3% lower than the record results achieved in fiscal 2021. Record M&A revenues helped offset the very challenging underwriting environment. We continue to see strong pipelines for M&A, as the expertise we have added both organically and through niche acquisitions has been performing extremely well. We completed the acquisition of SumRidge Partners on July 1st, which has enhanced our fixed income platform with technology-driven capabilities and a fantastic team with extensive experience dealing with corporates. This business thrives on rate volatility, so SumRidge generated really fantastic results since we closed on the acquisition of July. However, after a record year last year, our legacy fixed income operations serving depositories has been challenged as the Fed intensifies its monetary tightening initiatives. In the bank segment, loans grew 73% year-over-year and 3% during the quarter, reflecting attractive growth across nearly all loan categories. The acquisition of TriState Capital Bank this year added a best-in-class third-party securities-based lending capability, while also diversifying our funding sources. It is in uncertain conditions such as these that remind us the importance of focusing on and making decisions for the long-term. As evidenced this quarter, with a sharp increase in net interest income in RJBDP fees, we are well positioned for the continued rise in short-term interest rates with diverse and ample funding sources, strong loan growth, high concentration of floating rate assets and ample balance sheet flexibility, given solid capital ratios, which are well in excess of regulatory requirements. While some of these attributes may be underappreciated in certain marketed cycles, the value of our long-term approach has really resonated in more volatile and an uncertain market environment we have experienced since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the fiscal fourth quarter, the firm reported record net revenues of $2.83 billion, record pre-tax income of $616 million and net income available to common shareholders of $437 million or earnings per diluted share of $1.98. Net income was negatively impacted by the elevated tax rates this quarter, due primarily to non-deductible losses on corporate-owned life insurance that we utilize to fund non-qualified benefit plans. Excluding $30 million of expenses related to acquisitions, quarterly adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $459 million or $2.08 per diluted share. Year-over-year and sequential revenue growth was driven primarily by the benefit of higher short-term interest rates on both RJBDP fees, from third-party banks and net interest income, which more than offset the declines in asset management and related administrative fees, and total brokerage revenue, largely due to the decline in equity markets. Quarterly net income available to common shareholders increased 2% compared to the prior year’s fiscal fourth quarter, reflecting the aforementioned revenue growth, which was partially offset by higher non-compensation expenses and higher tax rate. Sequentially, quarterly net income grew 46%, driven primarily by the benefit from higher short-term interest rates to the net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks, along with lower bank loan provision for credit losses as the prior quarter included the $26 million initial provision for credit losses on loans arising from the acquisition of TriState Capital Holdings. Annualized return on common equity for the quarter was 18.7% and adjusted annualized return on tangible common equity was 24.1%, an impressive result, especially given the challenging market environment and our strong capital position. Moving to slide five, we ended the quarter with total client assets under administration of $1.09 trillion, PCG assets and fee-based accounts of $586 billion, and financial assets under management of $174 billion. Equity market declines in the quarter, including a 5% sequential decline in the S&P 500 Index negatively impacted client asset levels. We ended the quarter with 8,681 financial advisers in PCG, a net increase of 199 over the prior year period and 65 over the preceding quarter. And remember, the year-over-year increase, the adviser count was impacted by transition of advisers to our RIA and Custody Service division, where we typically retain the assets, but we don’t include the adviser in our accounts. In the fiscal year, we had 222 financial advisers move to RCS, 166 of which came from one firm. Adjusting for these transfers, the numbers of financial advisers increased 421 year-over-year, a really strong result. Our focus on supporting advisers and their clients, especially during uncertain and volatile markets led us to strong results in terms of adviser retention, as well as our recruiting of experienced advisers to the Raymond James platform through our multiple affiliation options. Over the trailing 12-month period ending September 30, 2022, we recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels financial advisers with nearly $320 million of trailing 12 production and approximately $43 billion of client assets at their previous firms. And highlighting our industry-leading growth, we generated domestic PCG net new assets of nearly $95 billion over the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, representing 9% of domestic client assets at the beginning of the period. Fourth quarter domestic PCG net new assets growth was 8.3% annualized. Total client domestic cash sweep balances declined 12% to $67.1 billion or 7% of domestic PCG assets under administration. Paul Shoukry will discuss this more later, but I’d like to highlight that these are lower cost deposits, as we have not yet utilized high-yield savings accounts to preserve balances. Total bank loans grew 3% sequentially to a record $43.2 billion, reflecting attractive broad-based growth at both Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. Moving to slide six, the private client group generated record results with quarterly net revenues of $1.99 billion and pre-tax income of $371 million. While asset-based revenues declined, the segment’s results were lifted by the benefit from both higher short-term interest rates. The capital markets segment generated quarterly net revenues of $399 million and pretax income of $66 million. Capital market revenues declined 28% compared to the prior year period, mostly driven by lower investment banking revenues and fixed income brokerage revenues, largely due to the volatile and uncertain markets. The asset management segment generated net revenues of $216 million and pre-tax income of $83 million. The declines in revenues and pre-tax income were largely attributable to lower financial assets under management, as net inflows into fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group were offset by fixed income and equity market declines. The bank segment, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank generated quarterly net revenue of $428 million, which is a record result and pretax income of $123 million. Net revenue growth was mainly due to higher loan balances and significant expansion of the bank’s net interest margin to 2.91% for the quarter, up 50 basis points from the preceding quarter. Once again, reflecting the flexibility and floating rate nature of our balance sheet. This quarter also included a full quarter of TriState Capital results, which have continued to be solid. Looking at the full year fiscal 2022 results on slide seven, we generated record net revenues of $11 billion and record pretax income of $2 billion, both up 13% over fiscal 2021. Record earnings per diluted share of $6.98 increased 5% compared to fiscal 2021. Additionally, we generated strong annualized return on common equity of 17% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 21.1%. Moving to the fiscal year segment results on slide eight, private client group, asset management and bank segments generated record net revenues and the private client group produced record pretax income during the fiscal year, again, reinforcing the value of our diverse and complementary businesses. And now for more detailed review of the fiscal fourth quarter results, I am going to turn the call over to Paul Shoukry. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. Starting with consolidated revenues on slide 10, record quarterly net revenues of $2.83 billion grew 5% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Asset management fees declined 6% compared to the prior year’s fiscal fourth quarter and 10% compared to the preceding quarter, in line with the guidance we provided on last quarter’s call based on fee-based assets. Equity markets declined further during the quarter, resulting in a 3% sequential decline in private client group assets and fee-based accounts. This decline will create a headwind for asset management and related administrative fees in the fiscal first quarter, which I expect to be down close to 4% sequentially in the fiscal first quarter of 2023. Brokerage revenues of $481 million declined 11% compared to the prior year’s fiscal fourth quarter and 6% compared to the preceding quarter, as lower activity and asset-based trail revenues in PCG, as well as decreased fixed income brokerage revenues more than offset the addition of SumRidge, which generated strong revenues in the quarter. As Paul touched on, we expect this to be a tough environment for our legacy fixed income business, as depository clients have quickly transitioned from having excess deposits to investment securities to experiencing deposit run-off as a result of the Fed’s actions. I will discuss account and service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment banking revenues of $217 million declined 3% compared to the preceding quarter, a solid result given the challenging and uncertain market environment and while our pipelines are strong, there remains a lot of uncertainty given the heightened market volatility that could impact investment banking revenues positively or negatively in the coming quarters. Therefore, our best guess right now is that we could achieve a similar level of average quarterly investment banking revenues in fiscal 2023 that we experienced over the last two quarters. Obviously, a lot of variables can and probably will impact that estimate, but that would result in a 20% decline in investment banking revenues in fiscal 2023. That would still represent a much higher level of investment banking revenues than we generated prior to the pandemic, as we have made significant investments to the platform over the past few years, which has significantly increased our productive capacity and market share. Other revenues of $80 million grew 167% sequentially, primarily due to higher affordable housing investment business revenues, which achieved record results in fiscal 2022. Moving to slide 11. Clients’ domestic cash sweep balances ended the quarter at $67.1 billion, down 12% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 7% of domestic PCG client assets. As of this week, these balances have declined to just under $64 billion, reflecting the quarterly fee payments, which were paid in October, as well as additional cash sorting activity during the month. When comparing trends across the industry, it is important to note that these cash sweep balances do not include high yield saving balances, nor do we have a money market sweeps option. So it is sometimes difficult to make apples-to-apples comparisons across the industry. Most of the decline in our sweep balances were experienced in the client interest program at the broker dealer, which was really the last-in, first-out destination of the excess deposits over the past couple of years. As we have been explaining for at least a year now, we anticipated a significant decline in these cash balances as the Fed started increasing short-term interest rates. So we kept the CIP balances invested in deposit accounts and short-term treasuries. The Raymond James Bank Deposit Suite Program continues to be a relatively low cost source of stable funding and now with the addition of TriState Capital Bank’s independent deposit franchise, we have a more diversified funding base. And while this additional funding source may not have seemed as valuable several months ago, I think, everyone now appreciates just how precious deposits are and the importance of having multiple funding sources. Turning to slide 12. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks was $606 million, up 206% over the prior year’s fiscal fourth quarter and 64% from the preceding quarter. This strong growth reflects the immediate impact from higher short-term rates given the limited duration and high concentration of floating rate assets on our balance sheet. While it can sometimes seem appropriate to take more duration and bet on rates, our longstanding approach to maintain a high concentration of floating rate assets is proving to be a significant tailwind in this rising rate environment. You can see on the bottom portion of the slide, the bank segment’s net interest margin increases substantial 50 basis points sequentially to 2.91% for the quarter and that’s on top of the 40 basis point sequential increase in NIM in the preceding quarter. The average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks increased nearly 100 basis points to 1.85%. Both the NIM and average yield from third-party banks are expected to increase further with the anticipated rate increases. For the fiscal first quarter, factoring in an expected 75 basis point rate increase in November and some assumptions around deposit beta and other variables, we would expect the average yield on RJBDP from third-party banks for the fiscal first quarter of 2023 to be somewhere around 2.5% and the bank segment’s NIM to average around 3.15%. But these projections will, obviously, be impacted by the actual deposit beta we experienced. As we have done this cycle, we will continue to put clients first and focus on staying on the more generous end of the spectrum for our clients. So far, the cumulative deposit beta since the Fed started increasing rates in March has been around 25%, with the most recent increase in September having a deposit beta of about 35%, less than the 50% we expected, but still much more generous to clients than the vast majority of our competitors. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 13, beginning with our largest expense, compensation. The total compensation ratio for the quarter was 62.1%, which decreased from 67.5% in the preceding quarter. The adjusted compensation ratio was 61.5% during the quarter. The sequential decline in the compensation ratio largely reflects a significant benefit from higher net interest income in RJBDP fees from third-party banks. Non-compensation expenses of $456 million, which includes $13 million of acquisition related expenses included in our non-GAAP earnings adjustments decreased 3% sequentially. This quarter reflected a full quarter of expenses from both TriState Capital and SumRidge Partners, which sequentially added just over $25 million of incremental non-compensation expenses, excluding the bank loan loss provision for credit losses. The bank loan loss provision for credit losses decreased to $34 million, primarily due to the $26 million initial provision associated with the TriState Capital acquisition in the fiscal third quarter. This quarter’s bank loan provision primarily reflects sequential loan growth along with a weaker macroeconomic outlook used in the CECL models. So, as you can see, we remain focused on the disciplined management of all compensation and non-compensation related expenses while still investing heavily in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisers and their clients. Slide 14 shows the pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. In the fiscal fourth quarter, we generated a pre-tax margin of 21.8% and an adjusted pre-tax margin of 22.8%, really excellent results. And just to get ahead of it, I know many of you will ask me, if we will update our 19% to 20% pre-tax margin target that we laid out at our Analyst and Investor Day in May since we exceeded it this quarter, while that is certainly a reasonable ask. Given the market uncertainty and ongoing cash sorting dynamic, we think it’s appropriate to wait at least a few more months to update all of our targets. But with that being said, I think our solid results this quarter highlight the benefit of our diversified business model, the upside we preserve to higher short-term interest rates and our consistent focus on being disciplined on expenses. On slide 15, at quarter end, total assets were $81 billion, a 6% sequential decrease, primarily reflecting the decline and the client interest program cash balances I mentioned earlier. Liquidity and capital remain very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $1.9 billion, well above our $1.2 billion target. The Tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.3% and total capital ratio of 20.5% are both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized. The spot Tier 1 leverage ratio at the end of the quarter is actually closer to 10.5%. So our capital levels continue to provide significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. The effective tax rate for the quarter increased to 28.7%, up from 27.5% in the preceding quarter, primarily due to non-deductible losses on the corporate-owned life insurance portfolio. Going forward, we still believe around 24% to 25% is an appropriate estimate to use in your models, but in rapidly declining equity markets, the effective tax rate increases as we experienced this quarter and last quarter and vice versa when equity markets increase. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. Since the closing of the TriState acquisition on June 1st through October 26th, we have repurchased approximately 2.1 million common shares for $200 million or approximately $96 per share under our Board authorization. As of October 26, 2022, approximately $800 million remained available under the Board approved share repurchase authorization, which we typically revisit annually in the upcoming Board meeting. We remain committed to offset the share issuance associated with the acquisition of TriState, as well as share-based compensation dilution. Therefore, we expect to repurchase on average $250 million per quarter in fiscal 2023 or $1 billion total for the fiscal year. Of course, we will continue to closely monitor market conditions and other capital and cash needs as we plan for these repurchases over the coming quarters, but I do want to emphasize this $1 billion objective for fiscal 2023. Lastly, on slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for our bank segment, which now includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio remains healthy, with most trends continuing to improve. Criticized loans as a percent of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at just 1.14%. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 0.91%, down from 1.27% at September 2021 and nearly flat sequentially. The year-over-year decline in the bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment largely reflects the higher proportion of security based loans boosted by the acquisition of TriState Capital Bank. Securities based loans, which account for approximately 35% of net loans are generally collateralized by marketable securities, and therefore, typically do not require an allowance for credit losses. If you look at the bank loan allowance for credit losses on corporate loans held for investment as a percentage of the total corporate loans, it was 1.73% at quarter end. Compared to most other banks, we believe this represents a healthy reserve, but we are continuing to closely monitor any impacts of inflation, supply chain constraints and a potential recession on our corporate loan portfolio. Now I will turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I stated at the start of our call, I am pleased with our results, and while there are many uncertainties, I believe we are well positioned to drive growth across all of our businesses. In the private client group, next quarter results will be negatively impacted by the expected 4% sequential decline of asset management fees and related administrative fees that Paul described earlier. Focusing more on the long-term, I am optimistic we will continue delivering industry-leading growth as current and prospective advisers are attracted to our client focused values and leading technology and production solutions. Additionally, this segment will also continue to benefit from higher short-term interest rates, although we expect cash sorting will continue as the Fed increases short-term interest rates. In the capital markets segment, the M&A pipeline remains strong, but the pace and timing of closings will be heavily influenced by market conditions. Over the long-term, I am confident we are well positioned for growth given the significant investments we have made over the past five years. In the fixed income space, the favorable environment we have experienced over the past couple of years has shifted. Depository clients once flush with cash and facing limited opportunity for loan growth are now experiencing declines in deposits and have less cash available for investing in securities. This dynamic will lead to a challenging environment in fiscal 2023. While this headwind exists, we expect SumRidge Partners to enhance our current position in the rapidly evolving fixed income and trading technology marketplace, and SumRidge typically benefits from elevated rate volatility. In the asset management segment, the financial assets under management are starting the fiscal year lower due to the decline in equity in fixed income markets. However, we are confident that strong growth of assets in fee-based accounts in the private client group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James Investment Management formerly Carillon Tower Associates to help drive further growth through increased scale, distribution, operational and marketing synergies. The bank segment is well positioned for rising short-term interest rates and we have ample funding and capital to grow the balance sheet prudently. We will continue to operate TriState Capital Bank as a separately chartered bank and respect its relationships with its clients, which coupled with our strong capital and funding, should foster its ongoing growth. Most importantly, the credit quality of the bank’s loan portfolio remains strong. As always, I want to thank all of our advisers and associates for their perseverance and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day. Just as you have observed over the past two years, which have been filled with tremendous uncertainty and challenges, we will stay rooted in our commitment to take care of advisers and clients, making decisions for the long-term and maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet. We believe with this approach, we should be able to continue delivering strong results through different market environments and drive results for our associates, advisers and shareholders, just as we have for the past 60 years. With that, Operator, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] I will proceed with our first question on the line from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Reilly: Good morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: I was wondering -- good morning. Hey. I was wondering, can you talk about what your assumptions are for deposit betas in your NIM guidance for next quarter, because it looks like even with the 75 basis point increase in the Fed funds rate in November and a significantly higher average Fed funds rate next quarter versus the prior quarter, I think, you guided your NIM rising only 25 basis points or so. So, I guess, the question is, what are you baking in for deposit betas and is there some element of conservatism embedded in there?
Paul Shoukry: As you know, Manan, we do like to provide conservative guidance in that 3.15% admittedly is somewhat conservative. It’s only factoring in the November increase and the market is obviously expecting a December increase as well and so SOFR tends to lead those type of increases as we saw last quarter. So we had 50 basis points sequential increase two quarters ago in the NIM, 40 basis points this quarter and we are guiding 25 basis points, but certainly could be higher than that going forward. We were expecting deposit beta to -- as rates kind of continue to increase to get closer to 50%. On the last incremental increase for us, it was 35% and cumulatively, it was 25%, and we have been really leading most of the industry, focusing on clients and sharing and being generous with clients as the rates have increased. And so going forward, 50%, frankly, might be too conservative as well, just because of when you look at competitors were certainly well ahead of -- most of our competitors on the sweep rates.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then on third-party bank deposits, we saw through this earnings season that many banks are relying more on wholesale funding. So I guess the question is, what are you seeing in terms of demand from third-party banks? And where should we expect that third-party bank fee rate to go, if the Fed stabilizes at 4.5%? And is there a possibility that you are able to earn a higher spread on those deposits as you renegotiate your contracts next year than the typical, I think, Fed funds plus 12.5 basis points or so that you typically earn?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. I think absolutely. The demand is way up. And as you pointed out, if you look at almost all of our competitors, if you really looked at just what’s happened to cash sweeps there, we are all in the same ballpark. It’s just most of the other firms have gone into high yield savings to supplement their cash or the money market sweeps. So we haven’t done that. So we may. But to-date, we feel like we have ample low-cost funding with our sweeps. And we do see the demand going up, which will impact rates, and Paul, I will let you address the rate dynamic.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. At the trough in the last year or so, the demand from third-party banks was, obviously, very weak and the pricing was kind of in that Fed funds effective range, which was down 20 basis points or so from the peak spreads a couple of years prior. So we are quickly seeing that demand resume. That’s the first step and now we are starting to see prices and the economics improve on the spread. But, again, 20-basis-point spread improvement, if that’s sort of the potential to get back to the last kind of peak spread two years ago, pales in comparison to the base rate improvement that we get from the Federal Reserve on those balances. So, net-net, a significant tailwind though on those balances.
Manan Gosalia: So it sounds like in terms of the fee rate, you could be well above the 2 percentage points or so that you peaked at during the prior cycle at the -- so if we compare the end of, if this rate hike cycle, should we expect a fee rate above the 2 percentage points that you saw last cycle?
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I mean we are already guiding just for this upcoming quarter to 2.5% as an example.
Manan Gosalia: Okay. Correct.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah.
Manan Gosalia: All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will proceed with our next question on the line is from Gerry O'Hara with Jefferies. Go ahead.
Gerry O'Hara: Great. Thanks. Perhaps just a little bit of context or color on the adviser recruiting market. I know it’s obviously been another kind of challenging quarter from a volatility standpoint. So would just love to get a little bit of color as to what you are seeing industry-wide in terms of those dynamics?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. Yeah. I think I have been now, what, 12 -- dozen years in this job and everybody always asks me that recruiting market seems to be getting more competitive and so my response is it’s kind of always been competitive, and we have been on a good roll. So we still see it as very active. We -- even in 2009, we thought recruiting our best year would go off because of the great dislocation, but it has actually resulted in our best couple of years until the recent few years. So it’s still very active. It’s very competitive and continues to be such. But as you can see with our kind of 400 advisers added this year, if you adjust for the RIA channel, the people that moved our adviser count. We have had another very, very strong year. And really, the largest teams we have ever recruited continue to come in and so the average is going up also, not just market, but just the attraction of our platform for high net worth and ultra-high net worth advisers, as well as the advisers that we have recruited for -- throughout our history. So we are still a big part of our strategy, we think it will still be strong, backlog is strong, and probably, won’t last forever, but it looks pretty good in the short- to mid-term.
Gerry O'Hara: Fair enough. And then perhaps one for Paul Shoukry, can you maybe just comment a little bit, we obviously saw an increase from 2Q to 3Q on the non-comp side of expenses that actually came off a little bit in 4Q. But can you perhaps maybe help us think a little bit about how that kind of run rate might look going into the next couple of quarters?
Paul Shoukry: Yeah, Gerry, most of the sequential increase was really attributable to having a full quarter of results for both TriState Capital and SumRidge, which sequentially added about $25 million of non-compensation expenses. So that was the primary driver of the sequential increase, which we expected. Looking forward, I think, if you look at this quarter as a baseline and I think there’s around $410 million of non-compensation expenses when you adjust out for the loan loss provision and for some of the acquisition related expenses that we break out in our non-GAAP schedule. And looking forward, I would say, that would be potentially our best guess right now for fiscal 2023 is that number totaling around $1.7 billion in fiscal 2023, which of the $410 million base represents somewhere around 1.5% growth sequentially each quarter in 2023. And most of that growth will really be coming from our technology investments. We are still heavily investing in technology to support advisers, their clients and really all the businesses and functions across the firm. So that’s going to continue to be a significant focus for us going forward. And then you are going to see kind of on a year-over-year basis, growth in business development expenses as the first half of fiscal 2022, travel and conferences, obviously, were still suppressed by the COVID pandemic. So you will see that normalize for the full year in fiscal 2023.
Gerry O'Hara: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will go to our next question on the line from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So maybe first just focusing on some of the bank dynamics. I guess if we look at the last cycle, bank NIM peaked at around 3.5% and not to pinpoint you to any specific quarter, but I guess, when you use them out a little bit and taking your conservative posture on the deposit betas, but it doesn’t sound like they are going up above 50%. If you think about TriState now in the mix, that’s more loan heavy, so obviously, higher yielding and the absolute level of rates is higher. So should we be thinking closer to 4% bank NIM once the Fed is done or how are you thinking about that sort of run rate on the other end of that cycle?
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. There’s a lot of moving parts. I would say one of the differences now versus in the last cycle is that our concentration of securities based loans are higher. Now that has a -- typically has a lower NIM associated with it, because they are fully collateralized with liquid marketable securities. So the risk adjusted returns are very attractive. But typically a lower NIM through cycles relative to corporate loans and so there’s a lot of moving parts there. I think just like I shared with Manan on the BDP fees, I think, this time around, I mean, rates are expected to be higher than they were last cycle, just the base rates, and so, given the loan mix, higher rates, a lot of different variables. But I don’t think we can call 3.5% necessarily a ceiling, but I don’t think we are also ready to say that it could achieve 4% either. I think we need to kind of see where cash sorting and cost of deposit trends play out.
Alex Blostein: Got it. All right. Fair enough. Just staying on the balance sheet theme for a minute, you guys, obviously, had the right call on not extending duration a year or two ago and keeping the balance sheet fairly floating. But if you look at what’s going on today, security yields are quite attractive and maybe there’s a little bit more upside. But that’s a fairly good return on invested capital as you kind of look at what the market rates are today. What are your thoughts about building securities portfolio from here, maybe extending duration a little bit, just to lock in what looks like a pretty attractive rates of return?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. So we are not against the securities portfolio, but our first thing is to fund our growth in loans and securities becomes the next part of it. So we agree they are attractive after being beat up for not locking in rates over a number of years, we are not after waiting it out and now having the balance sheet. We are not ready to call that we have reached peak rates and start locking in. So I think at least in the near-term, we are going to be flexible as the Fed probably has a couple of rate hikes and then we will look at it and if things settle down, we may balance in a little more. But our first funding is for growth and then any excess funding, which we are certainly happy to put in securities, because you are right, they have a very good spread right now.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I think kind of looking forward, we really built up the securities portfolio in the last couple of years, as there’s no -- there’s very little third-party bank demand. So we kind of brought it onto the balance sheet as an accommodation. But now with the cash sorting dynamics with loan growth being solid, we would expect some of that buildup in securities to really run-off over the next year to fund that loan growth that Paul talked about and some of that loan growth has duration as well. I mean, so you saw the mortgage portfolio grew sequentially during the quarter pretty nicely. There’s duration, obviously, associated with that portfolio that gives us that same type of protection. But to the extent that we take duration, our preference has been to take it to support client relationships. And to the extent that we have excess kind of cash beyond the loan growth and we would certainly invest in securities because it is a good return. As is the cash we sweep off to third-party banks as well. So right now we have a lot of different options and that’s just the power of the flexibility that we have with the cash balances and the flexibility that we preserve frankly through the last couple of years.
Alex Blostein: Got it. All right. Thanks. I won’t ask the pre-tax margin question. Just to remind that there was a plus at the guidance next to 20 when you guys gave it last time. I just wanted to make sure that it’s still there.
Paul Reilly: Yes. It was over 20.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I told you so.
Alex Blostein: Okay.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will proceed with our next question on the line from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research. Go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Shoukry: Hi, Steve.
Paul Reilly: Hi, Steve.
Steven Chubak: So I wanted to start with a question on FIC. You alluded, Paul, that some of the headwinds to the business. It’s been run rate in the last couple of quarters at about $100 million. This most recent quarter, you noted included SumRidge Partners’ contribution as well. As the Fed continues to remove excess liquidity from the system, do you anticipate further pressure on this $100 million baseline or is that a fair run rate that we can underwrite looking out to next year?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. You can see the dynamic. Our -- we have a great fixed income franchise, but really in that banking space that’s very, very strong and they are focused on the same dynamics the whole industry is. So as cash tightens they are going to fund loans first and security second just like us. So, yeah, that could have pressure. Now there’s other parts of the business, but it will certainly have pressure on that run rate, if it gets tighter. And again, on the other hand, SumRidge is -- maybe timing is everything, but this is kind of the perfect market for them to perform. They are just really killing it right now, but they are -- everything is in their favor, but everything is a headwind for that banking part of the franchise that we are so good at. So it could come under more pressure also.
Steven Chubak: Great. And just for my follow-up, maybe on the comp ratio, certainly a nice positive surprise, especially relative to the guidance. I understand Paul or can appreciate your reluctance to update the 19% to 20% plus margin target. But wanted to get a sense as to how we should think about your philosophy around comp given so much of the revenue growth is going to come from less compensable areas. What’s a reasonable expectation for where the comp rate should be running if rates stay higher for longer?
Paul Reilly: Well, where we have been even with our advisers and associates, we paid them what we think is fairly on their production and we haven’t paid on interest. Now when interest went away, we didn’t change their payouts and comp, obviously, it affects management’s comp. So our plan right now is that interest rates will continue to be non-compensable and so certainly impacts some of the bank comp. But generally, to the extent there’s more interest spread, margin comp will go down to the extent that normalizes or goes the other way, the ratio will go up. But there’s no change fundamentally in how we are paying based on it. So, again, interest spreads will drive it down for a period of time. I think spreads right now are like in any cycle, probably outsized for I don’t know if they are out how long that stays a year or two years, quarter, but it will return but where our comp philosophy is the same. So you should see improvement spreads -- as interest spreads improve.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I think the one thing I would add is, the compensation philosophy kind of from outside of the sort of adviser force that Paul was talking about was to help, to share the success of the firm with our associates. And we are in a high inflation environment and so whereas we are entering year-end, we are leading in to being generous to our associates and sharing in the success with our associates just as we always do. And so those year-end increases won’t really be reflected until the second fiscal quarter, the first calendar quarter of the fiscal year and that’s when the payroll taxes reset, of course. But as Paul said, the interest spreads have been a significant benefit to our compensation ratio down in this kind of 62% range.
Steven Chubak: Okay. And anything on the admin cost side that we need to be mindful of, I do think the admin comp was running a little bit higher than we had anticipated or at least based on what some of the napkin math would suggest when you try to back out some of the non-compensable portions of revenue?
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. Again, that reflects a full quarter of results from both TriState Capital and SumRidge. So I think this baseline going forward is a good baseline to start off with. But, again, we will increase salaries across the Board and we are leading into being generous with that given the competitive labor environment, the inflationary pressures and the success that we are having as a firm. So we really want to share that success with the associates who have made it all possible and that again -- and we are also continuing to hire in all of our businesses to support and continue the great growth that we have had across our businesses and so that would really be reflected throughout fiscal 2023.
Steven Chubak: Helpful color. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will proceed with our next question on the line from Jim Mitchell from Seaport Global. Go ahead. Jim, are you there. Mr. Mitchell, your line is open for question.
Jim Mitchell: Hello. Can you hear me?
Paul Reilly: I can hear you now.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. Sorry. So deposits are down to about 6% of client assets based on sort of the guidance for October, client cash I should say. Can you remind us of the historical average for cash levels, maybe a low and high range, just trying to think through where that starts to bottom out?
Paul Shoukry: It’s a pretty wide range. I think the peak of that range was in the mid-teens in 2009. But of course, that’s because cash increase and end markets decreased substantially. But I would say, the trough was somewhere in that 5% range, maybe a little lower than 5% in 2019. So to your point we are at 6%. I think the 25-year historical average is probably in the 7% to 8% range. So it’s a pretty wide range.
Jim Mitchell: Right. And is there a point where you have to more aggressively defend cash balances and deposits to fund the balance sheet?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. Absolutely. I mean if they get -- right now we have been fortunate and have managed it well, as you know we have been focused on the flexible balance sheet. But you need cash to operate the business, so if you see runs, we talked about even offering high rate savings and others. We just haven’t implemented it, haven’t felt like we need to. But if we see cash getting to levels that concern us, we will do that. We also have TriState now who is a very good source of funding. They have got a very strong net funding operation, which was one of the reasons for the acquisition, which I don’t think you understood. You said, so much cash, why would you have it and I think it was a year ago, we were talking about our concern about cash in the future. So it’s -- so we have got alternatives now. But absolutely, you need cash to run this business and you want to be able to service your client cash at some point, we look at our cash balances. They haven’t left the system. They have gotten more into fixed income or money markets on our platform. So they are still in the system. We just haven’t kept them into the pure cash form.
Jim Mitchell: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will go to our next question on the line is from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Hey. Good morning, guys. How are you?
Paul Reilly: Good, Devin.
Paul Shoukry: Devin.
Devin Ryan: Good. Most questions have been asked. I want to come back to the balance sheet a bit here and just think about your mix and maybe following up on Alex’s question. Just deposits, obviously, becoming more scarce here and so when you think about the mix moving forward, are there -- beyond maybe thinking about the securities book, are there other areas maybe in the loan book or just more broadly where there’s room for optimization and maybe areas to drive the risk adjusted NIM higher from here, all else equal?
Paul Reilly: There probably always is.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah.
Paul Reilly: So part of what we are doing is we are going through our budgeting exercises to say where do we want to deploy capital. We have got with the banking business, a broader bank business. TriState is an independent business with its third-party platforms. And the question is, between that and Raymond James Bank, where do you allocate capital in the portfolio really to optimize, not partly the balance sheet from our standpoint, but really to allow freedom, for example, for TriState to service their customers. So we are going through that to make sure that the capital allocations make sense both for those businesses and for us. So there always is in periods of rapid transition right now, it’s a little bit harder to do it, but we are in a lot of discussion on it.
Paul Shoukry: And I would say just reinforce that. We really don’t manage the balance sheet allocation to necessarily maximize NIM. We do it to maximize risk adjusted returns and we believe that securities-based loans both at Raymond James Bank to our own clients and at TriState Capital to their independent clients is the best risk adjusted return. So that is kind of the priority to the extent that the demand is there, which we think that over time that should continue to be a good tailwind for us and then we look at the other loan categories. We like the mix that we have right now with 35% of our loans and securities based loans. So that’s kind of how we are thinking about it.
Devin Ryan: Yeah. Okay. Thanks, Paul. And then a follow-up here just want to talk a little bit about the investment banking outlook. Appreciate there’s always a little bit of crystal ball in there and you guys are going to, I think, conservatism just given the uncertainty in the market. But I just want to make sure I understand how you are thinking about it. You have equity issuance is going to be market centric, but market stabilize that probably would improve and then your M&A business is structurally larger. So all else equal, that the business trajectory over time is higher than fixed income, it feels like maybe it could remain a bit under pressure if rates remain higher. So just trying to think about how much of maybe there’s more muted near-term outlook is just purely market centric versus maybe the flip side would be maybe every business doesn’t snap back to where it was over the last year or two, because rates are higher, or there are some other structural dynamic in the markets just changed. So I just want to kind of parse through both the cyclical versus anything that maybe a little bit more impaired for a continued period?
Paul Reilly: I think if you look at -- I will go in reverse order in the fixed income business. I mean the challenge for traditional fixed income business in a rising rate market is when do people invest kind of in the long-term and that will happen as rates come up. I think that that business will do well. People have been buying shorter term. As they start buying longer term, it’s more profitable for us too, but you got to get rates to a point where people think rates are there to really start doing that, and certainly, the increase in rates will help, but we are just at a pause really until that happens. So I think that’s more timing. M&A is a little harder. Backlog is good. Clients are good. It’s even now, right now, it’s up for us, and it’s up in Europe for the industry. And if you look at European dynamics with rates and inflation everything, you go, well, how could that be? So I mean there’s still cash, there’s still strategic investors and our growth on our platform and who we have added and we are continuing to grow and we believe in it. But that one is harder to predict. I mean it’s been stronger. I think that most people have predicted. The backlog is still strong. But when people close or not or when that stops, it’s just -- that’s a tough one. So when you come off over the last two years with almost unprecedented M&A, is that a baseline or is that a peak forever, which it probably isn’t. But, again, we are still very, very high on that business. But that one is kind of hard to say what triggers it to continue or what triggers it to slow down or stop for a while.
Devin Ryan: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will proceed with our next question on the line with Kyle Voigt from KBW. Go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. So just given the level of sorting right now and the pressure that may put on total available funding as you look out a couple of years, just completely understand the cautiousness and the tone around the size of the AFS book and maybe letting some of that runoff in order to support loan growth. So just two follow-ups on that, was what is the current duration of the AFS portfolio and how much of that portfolio would run off per year if you didn’t reinvest at all in the portfolio? And can you also remind us, are there specific minimums that you need to hold in terms of the CIP and the third-party bank sweep just so we have that as the sorting process continues here?
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I would say in the securities portfolio, the average duration is somewhere around four years now with the securities portfolio. So if you think about kind of a normal distribution, you might have somewhere around 20% to 25% run-off a year, probably, back end loaded a little bit. But and again, we are going to use a lot of that to fund the loan growth as current plans. There is a baseline for CIP of cash balances there. If you kind of look back at 2019, I think, there’s probably $2.5 billion or $3 billion of cash there for a variety of reasons and so maybe that’s kind of a good way to think about the floor there for those balances. And really, with BDP, that’s a function of providing clients FDIC insurance, trying to maximize their FDIC coverage as much as we possibly can given all the constraints and the demand from third-party banks.
Kyle Voigt: And so is there -- it is -- I guess, given your client’s allocation and then you have a certain number of charters that you can provide FDIC insurance with yourself. So is there a certain amount of minimum there, I guess, on the third-party bank side, is it a few billion dollars that needs to be held there or is it some number that’s smaller than that?
Paul Shoukry: Not really. The way we think about the minimum on the BDP balances is essentially providing some level of funding buffer. We don’t want to overextend the funding, as we have seen in the industry, it’s challenging when you overextend the funding to your own banks and you don’t have a buffer there. And that’s one of the things that we are thinking through is, what do we want that buffer to be. Now our balance sheet is much more liquid than it used to be 10 years ago when we established the 50% buffer that some of you are aware of. So we think that’s much too conservative. But we are kind of currently -- now that we have completed the acquisition of TriState Capital, understanding their balance sheet. We are currently in the midst of determining what the appropriate buffer is, but we are going to, just as we always do here on the side of conservatism there as well.
Kyle Voigt: Understood. That’s really helpful. And I just have one follow-up related to administrative comp. I think on last quarter’s call, you mentioned there was an off-cycle bonus paid in the fiscal third quarter, which caused the PCG segment admin comp to be elevated. But we saw another $15 million sequential increase in that PCG admin comp line in the fiscal fourth quarter. So just wondering what drove that and how much of that is one-time in nature, if at all?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. I am not sure. I think it was a 5% sequential increase and again that bounces around based on benefit accruals that we adjust for, particularly at the end of the fiscal year and making sure we are fully funded and accrued for on benefits and other things. So there’s nothing that I could point to specifically that would describe that other than just sort of natural growth and changes to the accruals, et cetera.
Kyle Voigt: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will proceed with our final question for today is from the line of Bill Katz with Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Michael Kelly: Good morning. This is Michael Kelly on for Bill. Thank you for taking my question. Most questions have been asked, but I did have one follow-up on the loan mix, Paul and Paul. Are you seeing any shift in demand for the SBLs, it looks like on an end-of-period basis they dipped a little bit. The resi was pretty resilient. But are you seeing any shift in demand with higher interest rate environment that we should be worried about near-term? I understand your long-term outlook is quite positive for the balance sheet?
Paul Reilly: I think that -- yeah. Some of that SBL that was really pay -- a lot of people use that as GAAP funding. So part of the mortgage demand where people went from SBL paid those off and as mortgaged homes and other things. So we think the demand is there and not only is it there for our clients, so I think TriState is growing their market share with new relationships too, has a huge opportunity. So I think SBLs over time are still even short-term and longer term, so very, very positive. The question becomes is, rates continue to go up when was that really a cheap source of funding? May be not. People are less likely to borrow, but still think that business is doing well. So I think you see a blip -- we saw a blip this quarter really on that.
Michael Kelly: Great. Thanks. And then if I just had one more follow-up, as a percentage of AUA, you still are -- the SBLs as a percentage of AUA behind some of your wirehouse peers, do you see that gap closing over time?
Paul Reilly: We have just never been as aggressive in pushing debt through our organization. I mean that -- so our products SBL is even a relatively new product for us compared to our competitors. So and we certainly don’t have quotas for anyone to present it or require them to present or even branch managers with quotas. So because of that our debt concentration historically has been lower than certainly our wirehouse competitors. And we continue to gain share, but we do it more through natural means and the adviser really has to initiate that versus us going out and pushing it or selling it to advisers. So, but our content -- it’s going up, but we are just not progressive and that haven’t been, it’s just part of the culture for a long time.
Michael Kelly: Great. Thank you. Make sense.
Operator: Thank you very much. Mr. Reilly, that was the final question, I will turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
Paul Reilly: Well, great. I appreciate everybody being on the call and although a very strong end of the year, it’s an environment outside of the equity markets and interest rates and cash sorting and everything else, that’s hard to call. We are still -- that’s when we really appreciate the flexibility we have in the balance sheet and our capital base and everything else to be able to navigate. So optimistic about the future, don’t know what’s going to happen as you get GDP and you get people still raising rates and inflation, it’s going to be an interesting quarter, a couple of quarters, but that’s when you can see that our advisers are still 90 -- clients say 97% satisfied, with our advisers is a pretty high rate and they need them more now than ever. So, with that, appreciate your time and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone. That does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you disconnect your lines. Have a good day everyone.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-07-28 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Raymond James Financial’s Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 earnings call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company’s Investor Relations website. Now, I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to slide two. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include but are not limited to information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisition, our level of success and integrating acquired businesses, divestitures anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, should, could, plans, intends, anticipates, expects, or believes or negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, as well as any other statement necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today’s call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management’s view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. Now, I’m happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today. I know with our recent acquisitions, the numbers are a little more complicated, but I am pleased with our results for the fiscal third quarter and the first nine months of the fiscal year, despite challenging market conditions we have continued to invest in our business, our people and technology to help drive growth across all of our businesses. In the private client group, excellent retention and recruiting of financial advisors contributed to industry leading growth with domestic net new assets of 9.4% over the trailing 12 months period. In the capital markets business, while investment banking revenues were negatively impacted by continued market volatility during the quarter, we continue to see strong pipelines. As the expertise we have added both organically and through niche acquisitions has performed very well. In fixed income we completed the acquisition of SumRidge Partners just after the quarter on July 1, which will enhance our platform with technology driven capabilities, and a fantastic team with extensive experience in dealing with corporate. In June, we completed the acquisition of Tristate capital holdings, including Tristate capital bank, and Chartwell Investment Partners, adding $11.8 billion of loans and $9.4 billion in financial assets under management. In addition to Tristate’s contribution to our loan portfolio, Raymond James bank grew loans at an impressive 8% during the quarter reflecting attractive growth across almost all loan categories. So as we always do in any market cycle, we continue to invest for the long term, always putting the client first. And while the decrease in fee base assets from the equity market declines during the quarter will negatively impact asset management and related administrative fees in the fourth quarter we are well-positioned for increases in short term rates, given our attractive growth of earning assets, the majority which float with the short end of the curve. Furthermore, we have maintained a flexible balance sheet with solid capital ratios well in excess of regulatory requirements.  Turning the results on slide four, I fully appreciate there were a lot of moving parts this quarter, which Paul Shoukry will explain in more detail. In the fiscal third quarter, the firm reported net revenues of $2.72 billion and net income available to common shareholders of $299 million, or earnings per diluted share of $1.38. Year-over-year in sequential revenue growth reflects primarily the benefit of higher short term interest rates on both RJBDP fees from third party banks and net interest income, which more than offset the declines in total brokerage revenues and investment banking revenues resulting from the challenging market environment. The decline in net income available to common shareholders was primarily attributable to increased the business development expenses, and a higher bank loan provision for credit losses during the current quarter, which reflects the strong growth at Raymond James bank, a weaker macro economic outlook and the $26 million initial provision for the credit losses on loans acquired from Tristate capital bank, as Paul will discuss in more detail. Excluding $65 million of expenses related to acquisitions, quarterly adjusted income available to common shareholders was $348 million, or $1.61 per diluted share. Annualized return on equity for the quarter was 13.3% and adjusted annualized return on tangible common equity was 18.1% and impressive results especially given the challenging market environment and our strong capital position. Moving to slide five, sharp equity market declines in the quarter including a 16% sequential decline in the S&P 500 index negatively impacted client asset levels. We ended the quarter with total client assets under administration of $1.13 trillion and PCG assets and fee based accounts of $607 billion. Financial assets under management of $182 billion, which includes Chartwell Investment Partners, decreased 6% sequentially as a decline in equity markets more than offset net inflows and the acquired assets during the quarter. We ended the quarter with 8,616 financial advisors, a net increase of 203 over the prior year period, and a decrease of 114 compared to the preceding quarter. Results this quarter reflect the transfer of 188 advisors, primarily from one firm to our RIA and custody services division, or RCS during the quarter. While transfers to RCS impact the advisor count the client app that typically remained custody that the firm. Excluding these transfers, the number of financial advisors increased 74 from the preceding quarter, reflecting our continued low or [indiscernible] attrition and strong recruiting. Our focus on supporting advisors and their clients, especially during volatile markets, has led to strong results in terms of advisor retention, as well as our recruiting of experienced advisors to the Raymond James platforms through our multiple affiliation options. Over the trailing 12 months period ending June 30, 2022 we recruited to our domestic and independent contract and employee channels, financial advisors with approximately $300 million of trailing 12 production and approximately $47 billion of client assets at their previous firms. And highlighting our industry leading growth, we generate domestic PCG net new assets of nearly $98 billion over the four quarters ending June 30, 2022 representing 9.4% of domestic PCG assets at the beginning of the period. Third quarter domestic PCG net new asset growth was 5.4% annualized, a strong result given the impact of plant tax payments in the quarter. Bank loan growth continues to be strong. Raymond James Bank generated impressive loan growth of 26% year-over-year, and 8% sequentially to a record $30.1 billion. Additionally, Tristate capital bank bought over $11.8 billion of loans this quarter which represents a record for them as they have continued to generate very attractive loan growth across their portfolios. Moving on to segment results on slide six, the private client group generated record results with quarterly net revenues of $1.96 billion and pre-tax income of $251 million. While asset base revenues declined, the segment results were lifted by the benefit from higher short term interest rates. The capital market segment generated quarterly net revenues of $383 million and pre-tax income of $61 million. Capital markets revenues declined 14% over the prior year period, and 7% sequentially mostly driven by lower fixed income brokerage revenues and equity underwriting revenues due to the volatile and uncertain markets. The asset management segment generated net revenues of $228 million and pre-tax income of $93 million. The sequential decline in revenues and pre-tax income in the asset management segment were primarily attributable to the negative impact on financial assets under management from the decline in equity markets. The bank segment which now includes Raymond James Bank and Tristate Capital Bank generated quarterly net revenues of $276 million, which is a record result and pre-tax income of $74 million. Remember, we closed on Tristate capital on June 1, so this quarter only reflects one month of their results. Net revenue growth was mainly due to higher loan balances and significant expansion the bank’s net interest margin to 2.41% for the quarter up 40 basis points on the proceeding quarter. Despite revenue growth, the bank’s segment pre-tax income declined primarily due to aforementioned higher bank loan loss in the quarter. Looking at the fiscal year to-date on slide 7, we generated record net revenues of $8.17 billion during the first nine months of fiscal 2022, up 16% over the same period a year ago. Record earnings per diluted share of $4.99 increased 8% compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2021. Additionally, we generated strong annualized return on common equity of 16.3% and annualized adjusted return and tangible common equity of 20.1% for the nine month period. Moving to the fiscal year-to-date segment results on slide eight. All four core operating segments generate record net revenues, and the private client group capital markets and asset management segments generated record pre-tax income during the first nine months of the fiscal year. Again, reinforcing the value of our diverse and complementary businesses. And now for more detailed view of the third quarter and year-to-date results, I will turn the call over to Paul Shoukry. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. Starting with consolidated revenues on slide 10. Quarterly net revenues of $2.72 billion grew 10% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. As a management fees grew 13% over the prior year's fiscal third quarter, and declined 3% compared to the preceding quarter in line with the guidance we provided on last quarter’s call. As a result of the steep declines in the equity markets during the quarter, private client group assets and fee base accounts ended the fiscal third quarter down 11% compared to March 2022, creating a significant headwind for asset management revenues in the fiscal fourth quarter. Brokerage revenues of $513 million declined 7% compared to the prior year's fiscal third quarter and 9% compared to the preceding quarter. The decline in brokerage revenues was largely due to lower asset based trail revenues in the private client group, as well as decreased brokerage revenues in the capital market segment. I know some other financial services firms posted year-over-year increases in institutional fixed income brokerage revenues. But remember, we intentionally do not have a meaningful presence in a much more volatile interest rate commodities and currency trading businesses, which benefited many of those larger firms this quarter. I'll discuss accounting service fees and net interest income shortly. Investment banking revenues of $223 million declined 5% compared to the preceding quarter. While our pipelines are strong, there's a lot of uncertainty given the heightened market volatility. Given the market environment, we are really pleased with the investment banking results this quarter. And our best guess right now is that we could achieve a similar result in the fiscal fourth quarter if the markets remained relatively resilient over the next couple of months. Moving to slide 11 clients domestic cash sweep balances ended the quarter at $75.8 billion down 1% compared to the preceding quarter and representing 7.8% of domestic PCG client assets. As of this week, these balances have declined to approximately $73 billion, reflecting the quarterly fee payments, which were paid in July, and comprise of roughly half the decline this month, as well as some continued cash shorting activity during the month. Turning to slide 12. Combined net interest income and RJBDP fees from third party banks was $370 million, up an astounding 102% over the prior year’s fiscal third quarter and 65% from the preceding quarter. This revenue growth is largely a result of higher loan balances in the bank segment as well as higher short term interest rates which really reinforces our long standing approach of taking limited duration risk with a high concentration of floating rate assets. You can see on the bottom left portion of the slide, the bank segments net interest margin increases substantial 40 basis points sequentially to 2.41% for the quarter. The average yield and RJBDP balances with third party banks increased at 88 basis points in the quarter. Both the name and the average yield from third party banks are expected to increase further from the recent and anticipated rate increases. For the fiscal fourth quarter, factoring in the rate increase this week, and some assumptions around deposit beta and other variables, we would expect the average yield on RJBDP from third party banks for the fiscal fourth quarter to average around 1.7%. As for the bank segments in them, we expected to average around 2.7% for the fiscal fourth quarter, which would reflect around two months of this week’s interest rate increase and a full quarter of Tristate capital’s contribution. But these projections will obviously be impacted by the actual deposit beta we experience. We will continue to put clients first and focus on staying on the more generous end of the spectrum for our clients. So far, our cumulative deposit beta since the Fed started increasing rates in March has been around 20%. But that has accelerated with each subsequent increase to about 30% with the June increase. We would expect the deposit beta to continue increasing with each incremental rate increase. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 13. Let me point out a significant change we made this quarter to our presentation of expenses. Namely, we eliminated the acquisition related expense line item and now are including all the expenses in their respective line items. At the same time, we are now capturing more acquisition related expenses in our non-GAAP adjustments including items such as amortization of acquired identified intangible assets, acquisition related retention, and a bank loan provision item I will discuss in more detail shortly. For example, this quarter $65 million of expenses related to acquisitions are included in the non-GAAP adjustments. As detailed on the reconciliation table on slide 21, which provides the amount of associated expense per line item as well as a five quarter history. We hope these refinements which I know have been very common across many of our peers are responsive to many of your requests and help you gain a better understanding of our operating results. And as always, we will emphasize our GAAP results alongside any adjusted results we disclose. So turning to our largest expense, compensation. The total compensation ratio for the quarter was 67.5%, which decreased from 69.3% in the preceding quarter. We also introduced an adjusted total compensation ratio this quarter, which adjusts for acquisition related retention and compensation as outlined on slide 23. The adjusted compensation ratio was 66.8% during the quarter. The sequential decline in the compensation ratio largely reflects the benefit from higher net interest income and RJBDP fees from third party banks. Non-compensation expenses of $469 million which includes $47 million of acquisition related expenses included in our non-GAAP earnings adjustments, increased 21% sequentially. Business development expenses increased $58 million, reflecting the advisor recognition events, and conferences, as well as increased, pent up travel during the quarter. To put this in perspective, prior to COVID the fiscal third quarter was typically the high watermark for this line item, and in the fiscal third quarters of both 2018 and 2019 this line item totaled $57 million. And since then, our business and revenues have grown substantially, including through several acquisitions. The bank loan provision for credit losses increased considerably to $56 million. A big portion of this increase was a $26 million initial provision associated with Tristate capital acquisition, where purchase accounting requires us to establish an initial allowance for loan losses associated with the acquired loans as the pre-closing allowance does not transfer over. To help you with comparability to prior periods we did adjust for this portion of the bank loan provision in our non-GAAP results. The remaining portion of the bank loan provision during the quarter, around $30 million was primarily associated with an 8% sequential loan growth at Raymond James bank, and a weaker macro economic outlook. Other expenses increased to $85 million for the quarter. The majority of the sequential increase was attributable to increased expenses associated with acquisitions during the quarter which are included in the non-GAAP adjustments. So I know there's been a lot of noise over the past couple of quarters with the Charles Stanley and Tristate capital acquisitions. But the main takeaway on expenses is we remain focused on the discipline manage of all compensation, and non-compensation related expenses while still investing heavily in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisors in their clients. Slide 14 shows pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. In the fiscal third quarter, we generated a pre-tax margin of 15.3% and then adjusted pre-tax margin of 17.7%. While the market environment has certainly become more challenging since our analysts and investment day in May, we still believe the 19% to 20% pre-tax margin target we laid out is appropriate given the significant benefits of higher short term interest rates, assuming the market stays relatively resilient at current levels. On slide 15, at the end of the quarter, total assets were at $86.1 billion an 18% sequential increase, reflecting the addition of Tristate capital, as well as solid growth of loans at Raymond James bank. Liquidity and capital remain very strong. RJF corporate cash at the apparent end of the quarter at $2 billion well above the $1.2 billion target. The tier one leverage ratio of 10.8% and the total capital ratio of 21.4% are both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized, providing significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. Also, I would note that the tier one leverage ratio includes just one month of Tristate capital assets, and doesn't yet reflect the assets from SumRidge, which closed on July 1. So the spot tier one leverage ratio following the SumRidge acquisition is below 10% still well above the 5% regulatory requirement. And as I said, on the last quarter's call, we don't view the client cash we accommodating on the balance sheet at the broker dealer and the client interest program, which ended the quarter at $13.7 billion the same as our other balance sheet assets. So we still have ample balance sheet flexibility after adjusting for those excess cash balances on the balance sheet. I am very pleased with the progress we have made deploying capital over the past two years since we first disclosed our capital targets, really reinforcing our priority to utilize capital to invest in long term growth across all of our businesses and deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. The effective tax rate for the quarter increased to 27.5%, up from 25.4% in the preceding quarter, primarily due to higher non-deductible losses on the corporate owned life insurance portfolio. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. Following the closing of the Tristate acquisition on June 1, we began repurchase common shares under our board authorization. We repurchased approximately 1.14 million common shares for $100 million, or approximately $88 per share. As of July 27, 2022, approximately $900 million remained available under the board approved share repurchase authorization. As we explained on prior calls and analysts investor day in May, our current plan is to offset the share issuance associated with the acquisition of Tristate over the next few quarters. And I believe our action in June demonstrates this commitment. But we will continue to closely monitor market conditions and other capital needs as we evaluate further repurchases over the coming quarters. Lastly, on slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for our bank segments and remember, these metrics reflect our newly formed bank segments, which includes Raymond James bank and Tristate capital bank. The credit quality of the loan portfolio remain strong, and most trends continue to improve. Criticize loans as a percent of total loans held for investment ended the quarter at 1.63%, down from 4.07%, at June 2021, and 2.63% at March, 2022.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Paul Riley to discuss our outlook. Paul. 
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said at the start of our call, I'm pleased with our results. And while there are many uncertainties, I believe we are well-positioned to drive growth across all of our businesses. In the private client group, next quarter results will be negatively impacted by the expected 11% sequential decline of asset management and related administrative fees that Paul described earlier. However, focusing more long term, our recruiting pipelines remain strong and combined with solid retention I'm optimistic we'll continue to deliver industry leading growth as advisors are attracted to our client focused values and leading technology platform. The segment will also continue to benefit from higher short term interest rates. In the capital market segment, the M&A pipeline remains robust, but the pace and timing of closings will heavily be influenced on market conditions. Over long term, I am confident we are well-positioned for growth as a significant investments we made over the past five years in our platform and increased our team and productive capacity. In the fixed income space, we expect some rich partners to enhance our current position and the rapidly evolving fixed income and trading technology marketplace. In asset management segment, while financial assets under management are starting the fiscal fourth quarter lower due to equity markets, we are confident the strong growth of assets and fee based accounts in the private client group segment will drive long term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Caroline Tower advisors with its new edition of Chartwell Investment Partners to help drive further growth through increased scale distribution, and operational and marketing synergies. And the bank segment is well-positioned for rising short term interest rates, as we have ample funding and capital to grow the balance sheet prudently. And most importantly, the credit quality of the bank segments loan portfolio remains strong. As always, I want to thank our advisors, and all of our associates for their perseverance, and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day. With that operator, I'm going to open it up for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Gerry O’Hara of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Gerry O’Hara: Great, thanks. And good morning. I was hoping you might be able to just help unpack a little bit of the comments around the cash shorting in the quarter and just sort of maybe give us a sense of what you saw and perhaps what we might expect in that dynamic. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jerry. Good morning. Actually, the cash balances in the quarter stayed relatively resilient as you saw only down about 1% for the quarter. Now in the month of July we have seen a decline in client cash balances were at about $73 billion now, almost half of that was from the quarterly fee billings, which all come out in the first month of the quarter. And then the other portion kind of reflects the cash sorting that we've been expecting for quite some time now as rates start to increase. And just to put into context, just a year ago, we were at $63 billion of total client cash balances, which were elevated from the pre-COVID days. So I don't think it should be surprising to see some cash shorting as rates increase going forward.
Gerry O’Hara: Great, thanks. And then maybe just a follow up on expenses. Paul, the appreciate the sort of commentary around the growth of the business and the quarter being typically something of a high watermark, but can you maybe help us just sort of think about how that might trend on a run rate basis over the next couple quarters given obviously, sort of increased T&A and some of the other sort of normalization expense pressures that we're seeing, apologies if I missed it, but I think that'd be helpful.
Paul Shoukry: Certainly. Business development expenses were much higher this quarter. Last quarter, seems like an eternity, but we were still dealing with Omicron. So people really weren't traveling at the beginning of the quarter. This quarter, we have our biggest advisor conference for the independent adviser business. So we -- that and this is a quarter we've had it historically, even pre-COVID, which is why it usually is the high watermark quarter and people are starting to travel again. There is a lot of pent up travel out there. People wanting to see each other in person again. So I think when you look at just stepping back and looking at non-compensation expense in the aggregate, on a GAAP basis, it ended up $469 million for the quarter. Now about $47 million of that were non-GAAP adjustments related to acquisitions. So that gets us down to on an adjusted basis for non-GAAP, a non compensation expenses, about $422 million. We still have two more months of Tristate capital to reflect there. So that's about $10 million, if you look at their $15 million run rate, but some of the expenses this quarter were elevated. So maybe a good sort of jumping off point plus or minus a few million dollars as we look at the next couple of quarters.
Paul Reilly: I know the line item was higher than people maybe anticipated. But I think you also have to remember if you compare it to the '19 and '20 numbers that was about 3% of revenue in those in that quarter. It's about 2% of revenue this time. I mean so we've grown significantly. I think we're managing the costs very well. So just based on those percentages I don't think we're back to where we were. You can see we're managing expenses, but our big conferences, and our biggest advisor events have occurred in this quarter. So it's not a typical so --
Gerry O’Hara: Understood. Thanks for taking my questions this morning.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jerry. 
Paul Shoukry: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is Michael on for Alex. So I think we kind of want an update on the timing and size of how you're thinking about swapping TSEs deposits with [RJBDS] deposits. Any updated color you can give us would be great. Thanks.
Paul Reilly: I will first let Paul talk about that. But I think you guys we can deploy cash on either bank. And it's really almost irrelevant whether it's in Tristate or Raymond James bank versus the sweeps. So we have a lot of options and flexibility to maximize the earnings on cash as banks are looking for bank sweeps, again, where they weren't before. So it's a question. I know, you all keep asking. We've already made some progress on that. But part of it really depends on Tristate's clients, they're operating for their clients, and they have depository relationships there too. But we're making progress. And Paul let you get into a little more of the detail. But I think strategically as you go forward, you should look at how much it's deployed and not necessarily in which franchise. So Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you. think you've covered it very well, Paul, and we've already supplemented their deposit base with about a billion dollars of our deposits and we have plans to supplement with another billion. But as Paul said, they're running an independent business, they have their clients. We want to certainly honor those their relationships with their clients. And frankly, over the next few years, those deposits in those diversified funding sources could be very valuable to us as an organization overall. So we're not focused on the short term accretion of a standalone business. We're really focused on maximizing flexibility in earnings for the organization overall.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. So it sounds like the kind of initial commentary you guys gave when the acquisition was closed. Is this kind of what we can still expect?
Paul Reilly: I'd say the trend is that way, right? So we could change based on where we can deploy the cash and what they need. But so far we're on the kind of the plan.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, great. And then maybe one quick follow up. You guys gave us the guidance for the fiscal fourth firmwide NIM. Maybe you can help us think about like a good jumping off point for NII and flush that out a little bit. Thanks.
Paul Shoukry: I mean, we gave you kind of the biggest component with the NIM average, for the quarter for the fiscal fourth quarter. We're expecting it to be about 2.7%, which would be almost 30 basis points higher than the 2.4%, that it averaged this particular quarter. So and we've had some nice growth and earning assets, both from Raymond James bank on a standalone basis, which grew 8% sequentially. And then of course, adding on Tristate. So I think those kind of gives you the main inputs to calculating net interest income, and then the BDP fees, which are substantial as well, they average 88 basis points this quarter. The cash had swept over to third party banks. And we said that with the rate increase that was announced yesterday, and some assumptions around deposit beta, that we expect that to increase to 1.7% on average for next quarter. So really significant tailwinds coming from net interest income, and RJBDP fees from third party banks. And I think the important thing is here is we've been criticized for quite some time for not taking more duration. I know a lot of our peers have done that. But our long standing approach of staying flexible and not trying to time, the rates, the markets and the bond curves is going to serve us very well in this rising rate environment.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Steven Chubak: Hey, Paul, since you ended on that response, talking about your decision to manage the bank in such a way where you have more shorting gearing, I know that serving you quite well, certainly in this upcoming tightening cycle. At the same time, the market is starting to price and rate cuts, beginning in '23. And the last fed easing cycle, the decision to maintain that sensitivity did create a fair amount of earnings volatility. You cited some peers that have overextended themselves taking on too much duration. I happen to agree with that statement. And I think that they're getting punished as a result in this type of environment. But there's also a balance that could be struck, where you maintain some healthy mix of fixed versus floating rate assets. Curious if that's something you'd be amenable to, to protect that earnings right downside if and when the Fed begins easing?
Paul Reilly: Yes, Stephen, you remember this well, because you're very close to it. 2015 we had no securities at all on the bank's balance sheet. And so we do, we have been more balanced and diversified in that regard. And I think we plan on continuing to be more balanced and diversified. But almost all of our deposits are floating rate deposits. So to take on much more duration would essentially be making a bet between and a mismatch between the assets and the deposits. So our focus is to your point be more diversified. And we are much more diversified than we were just five or six years ago with our securities portfolio. And we also have jumbo mortgages on the balance sheet that has some duration to it, tax exempt loans, etc. But we will I think you should expect us to continue to be exposed, more exposed to the short end of the curve, just given the nature of our deposit base, which is floating.
Steven Chubak: Really helpful caller, Paul, and for my follow up just on some of the deposit beta commentary. If I think about how you guys manage deposit costs last cycle, you tend to be more in line with the industry in terms of overall beta. So far, you've been running a little bit ahead of peers. I believe the word used on the call was generous with deposit rates, what beta should we be modeling beyond the fiscal third quarter? And what's driving the decision to be more competitive on pricing this cycle? Is that reflective of some of the cash already headwinds you cited or something else?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I just think that, look, we knew a bunch of rate increases were coming, right. So and a lot of people you can take to a process, you can maximize your return. But our belief when everybody was talking about how much cash and there was too much cash is that as businesses grew and rates went up and you can see what's happened in the public markets where people haven't had access, there would be more demand for cash. And we're seeing that in the bank suite program, even the biggest banks coming back into the bank suite program, which tells you, everyone's looking to liquidity. So our view was, we could be more aggressive. We'd have chances on further increases to modify or not to be as aggressive if we could see a cooling down or going the other way but as to make sure that we first treated clients fairly, but we did a good job of retaining cash balances. And then we've lived through cycles when cash was really tight in the industry. And some people are already putting out high yield savings and other CDs and deposits to fund now, right. So they're sweetbreads may be lower, but they're also adding higher cost deposits. So we're just trying to look long term on it. Take care of clients. And yet we know in a rising rates that they keep rising, we always had time to adjust. So Paul, I don't know if you want to comment on changing beta or not. It's hard to hard to tell until we have a rate setting committee. It'll certainly be what it was, at least historically, and maybe a little higher. 
Paul Shoukry: I think you've covered it well, Paul.
Steven Chubak: Thanks, Paul and Paul, appreciate you taking my questions.
Paul Reilly: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kyle Voigt, KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. The first question is on PCG segment expenses. Total segment revenues dropped 15%. Compensable revenues dropped 10%. But when you look at the PCG administrative comp expenses, they were up 22% year-on-year. I know some of that may be related to inorganic growth, I guess when you look year-on-year, you haven't have the organic growth rate for those expenses. And any more color as to kind of what's driving that level of growth both year-on-year or even the $17 million sequential increase we saw in that line item. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So that was actually a good catch. Because what we haven't specifically drawn out in the numbers is that we've all been concerned about our associates and the impact of inflation in this environment. And a number of firms have done kind of across the board comp adjustments are common across the board salary adjustments, and we decided to take a different course, which we did this quarter is to give really just a off cycle bonus to our lower paying associates to help them cope with the inflationary costs of gasoline, housing, and everything else and not do an automatic salary adjustment really for two reasons is salaries are forever. But more importantly, is we wanted to do it thoughtfully across all of our associates in our year end process, which is actually a number of months is to make sure that people are rewarded accordingly and that the salaries are benchmarked to market and instead of just doing a raise now that it's hard to do an unraised for those who should know. We gave kind of a onetime bonus and that really hit the segment. But it really is taking care of our associates doing an unbelievable job. We've been great. Our turnover certainly been up but it's been lower than the industry. They've been doing a good job for us. And we felt we owed them to do this, which should take them to the year end until we get to our normal cycle adjustments. Paul, I don't know if you want to go through any more in terms of numbers or anything else. But that was the biggest impact of that number.
Kyle Voigt: Yes, I mean, I guess you quantify the impact of that bonus, Paul? 
Paul Shoukry: Total for the firm is about just under $15 million for the firm and PCG takes the majority of it just because they're by far the largest business and have the most associates.
Kyle Voigt: Got it. That's helpful. And then my follow up is just on the advisor account. You noted that there was a switch of 188 advisors with most of them from one firm moving to your RA division. Can you just help us understand how large those switches were from an AUM standpoint? And then any more color on the switch? Can you kind of remind us of the change in economics when migrations like that happen? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: First, strategically we've set up and really bolstered our RIA offering just because it was and it has been the fastest growing segment in the industry. And the good news is when people have switched to RIA they haven't gone to any of our custodian, competitors. They've most, almost virtually 100% of stayed at Raymond James. So it's been a good retention tool. This was really one big firm whose business model has changed. We know what's coming. We are planning on it for a year. The good news is again, they stay with Raymond James, their assets are custodial with us. But in the RA model, they're not FINRA licensed in a way we count advisors are producing advisors who have a FINRA license, but once they go into the RA space, we can't count that anymore. So if you look at it, since really, a year and a half, it's been about 250 advisors, there was a big group that moved at the end of the year, relatively big, but it's usually three or four advisors a quarter. And this was a one off movement that really focused on kind of a changing business strategy for them. So I think it was, it's not certainly business as usual. It's one of the largest firms on the platform that went RIA and we don't see people will continue to move, but it's not a different than the movement between the rest of our channels.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jim Mitchell, Seaport Research. Please go ahead.
Jim Mitchell: Hey, good morning. Paul, maybe just on the Tristate deal now that it's closed. I think since you announced the deal, obviously, rates are a lot higher. You've had looks like better longer out the Tri state. So is there any way to think can you least give us maybe a sense of accretion benefits? Is it more than you expected? And is the timing sooner? Is that the way to think about it? If there's any kind of greater specificity that would be helpful?
Paul Reilly: I think you're right, Jim. All of the sort of some of the major factors, including interest rates, which is a significant factor, are increasing much faster than we originally anticipated which is a great tailwind. But most importantly, is that Tristate has been doing a fantastic job serving their clients through the announcement and through the closing and integration and they have been able to continue growing their business like nicely with their clients. And we're frankly, a lot of our efforts are staying out their way because they're doing such a great job with their client relationships and they're handling a lot of change all at once, dealing with their clients. So that's been all more positive than we originally anticipated, and a great kudos to the Tristate capital team for being able to pull that off. Now, with that being said, our earnings base is going to be higher and a higher rate environment as well. So the accretion dilution analysis is a function of both the numerator and the denominator being our earnings base. So it's hard to compare apples to apples. And frankly, Paul and I aren't really concerned about the short term accretion. We're looking at this, we determine the success of a transaction over the next 5 to 10 years. And what that really entails is keeping their franchise and their client relationships in tech, which is going extremely well. It's great to have the interest rate tailwinds. And it's great to see the growth that they're having. But again, we're not overly focused on what the near term accretion is going to be. But we're extremely excited by the success that they've had thus far in early innings.
Jim Mitchell: But I guess it sounds like, go ahead.
Paul Reilly: It is better and we're pleased. Right.
Jim Mitchell: So it sounds like you're saying there's not a lot of there's no real negative surprises on the expense side or anything that the upside and revenues is falling to the bottom line?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, that's correct.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. And then on the buyback, is that you said a few quarters is that the right pace that you think you can do say? The next three or four quarters you can kind of offset the dilution or the issuance?
Paul Shoukry: I think we're going to be up. We're going to be patient. Yes, we're going to be patient. That sounds like a reasonable timeline, but depending on other capital needs, balance sheet growth, other factors, we could do it faster or slower than that. But we're going to be, as I said, from the start, and as Paul said, from the start, we're not going to be in a rush to buy it back, it kind of gets us to the same place a year from now whether we do it quickly, or we do it in a more deliberate manner.
Jim Mitchell: Sure, but I think the plan is around your timeframe. But again deploying capital, if you had big bank growth that was very profitable, you had an acquisition, you had something else, you could redeploy some of that capital, but the plan right now is, and there's no plans on any of that right now. But I mean, the plan would be to kind of stick to that course. But we'll watch it if the economy really turns down sharply that you may slow it down. I think everything being equal, that's the plan. Right. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Devin Ryan, JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning, guys. How are you?
Paul Reilly: Great, Devin.
Paul Shoukry: Hey Devin.
Devin Ryan: Hey. Most have been asked here. But I do want to dig in a little bit more on advisor recruiting kind of out of the pipeline remains strong. But there's been a lot of change in the environment. And so I'd love to give them more context on some of the trends you guys were seeing there. So one hand you have markets down. I am assuming production down, but higher interest rates. The businesses more profitable at the firm level. So what do you guys, I guess, seeing what were our expectations shifting at all on the adviser side? And then competitively what are you seeing, and then the fact that markets are choppy, and sometimes it's hard for advisors to leave when they are inundated in talking to clients. And so I'm just curious kind of schematically how the advisor recruiting pipeline is evolving, and what you guys are seeing competitively in the market?
Paul Reilly: Devin, I think that first, it's always been competitive. If you'd look at our kind of our record growth it's probably not all, it's not really just an advisor count. But it's the size of the businesses that are been joining our platform, very, very large teams, ones just a few years ago, we would never see and I really, it's kind of a testament to the platform that was built in the high net worth and ultra high net worth space. And I think when Alex Brown joined us, they brought kind of a lot of knowledge and focus to us on building the platform for the entire firm. So the recruiting is going very well. It goes in cycles, the independent channel was kind of on fire, the employee channels been the one this year that's doing really, really well. And I think that's more the sign of the economy is where people are joining and the risk they're taking, we have not seen a slowdown, we thought we would see more people typically when advisors commit in the pipeline. It'll slip. We thought we'd see a lot more slippage. And we haven't really maybe a little more. So advisors are still coming. Once they make that decision, we rarely see them decide not to leave their firm. So the pace is still very, very good. It's competitive, it's always been competitive. We always seem to have in certain spaces, certain competitors, really jumped out in the market. But I think we pay a fair transition assistance. And I can't say it's the highest in the market. But we compete very well because of the value proposition. So, so far, so good. It's been if we had any concerns about it, it still looks very, very solid right now.
Devin Ryan: Great, thanks, Paul. The follow up here, let me come back to something we talked about in late May at your analyst day. And you guys spoke about kind of a focus on new non-compensable revenues and expanding those and I think your admin extension, being one in pilot, the business consulting group, and I know there's others. Interesting opportunity, it feels like from the outside, but once it gets involved around I guess one, hobbies are going in the early days and then two, could these actually become material financial contributors a few years out I appreciate you have to scale them there has to be adoption, but there's a goal to have them become meaningful revenue drivers was more just around kind of differentiation the platform adding more service and creating kind of more stickiness to the advisor relationship because you're kind of more integrated with them. Thanks.
Paul Reilly: I think it's almost the latter than the former. I think that strengthening the platform by offering those services, it makes the platform more attractive and people easier to transition. The uptake on the services has been much better than we thought. Even existing advisors who have big businesses, whether they're having like everyone's the war on talent, or someone gets sick, and like has to be out of the office or we're finding an uptake of those services and they're very, very happy with it. So we're in the early scaling days, and I doubt it's going to be a line item, like brokerage revenue, but it's going to be something that certainly is going to positively impact the margins for those businesses. And so it's early. We're still scaling on but so far, it's very, very good. But we're just a few quarters really into it. But the reception even of existing advisors is higher than we thought.
Devin Ryan: Yes, appreciate that. It was sort of late, but thanks to the caller, and I'll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Manan Gosalia of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning. I apologize if you've already covered this. But my question is done on third party bank deposits. And what we're seeing from other banks this quarters that deposit growth is flowing and even shrinking in certain cases. And that would mean that the demand for your deposits from third party banks is likely to increase even further from your, can you talk about how you're thinking about that, and also the $14 billion or so you have in the CIP program. I recognize that you have a need for those deposits for your own business now. But I was wondering how nimble you can be between CIP third party bank deposits and your own bank?
Paul Shoukry: Great question Manan. We can be very flexible with the deposits to your point. The CIP balances on the balance sheet are really overflow balances for when we weren't able to sweep the third party banks because they didn't have the demand. And so as that demand picks up, which it has been picking up, still early days, but we're definitely seeing a change in tone even from the big banks who historically have not been as eager to get those type of deposits. We're starting to see significant demand from those banks as well. So as we start seeing those, that demand pickup, we wouldn't be able to sweep more from CIP to those third party banks, all else being equal. So but we do have a lot of flexibility. It's great to see the demand come back. We knew the demand would eventually come back. And so that's why we wanted to stay flexible with those deposits.
Manan Gosalia: But can you also be flexible between third party bank deposits in your own bank, depending on what level of loan growth you're seeing at your own bank?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, absolutely. I mean, the $25 billion, that's what third party banks now and the $14 billion that's with client interest programs and that has declined somewhat since the beginning of July as I said in the comments, but those deposits over time can be a good portion of a very large portion of those deposits over time could be used to fund the balance sheet growth to the extent that we find good risk adjusted returns on the balance sheet and to the extent that we can grow loans to our private client, group clients, etc. So yes, but again, we have a lot of flexibility and a lot of capacity.
Manan Gosalia: Okay, great. And then my second question is just, how are you thinking about SBA loan growth? You have your own offering, and now also Tristate, which you're managing as a separate business, but it still gives you exposure to a similar loan product. And as we see this pressure and volatility across both equity and fixed income markets, how should we think about loan growth in that segment given that rates are moving higher and that loan book has a low credit risk? Is there plan to meet all the demand you have for that portfolio and maybe slow some of the growth and CNI and CRE as recession risks rise? Or I just wanted to get a sense of like how you're prioritizing loan growth in this environment and what you're seeing in terms of demand?
Paul Reilly: Well, first it's a good question. If you look at what's going to happen in rising rates, I think that it's still a cheaper source of borrowing for most clients. So we anticipate that rates get higher and higher and higher maybe people don't borrow but in this environment, it's still a very effective way of low cost way to borrow. From our standpoint we love two things about SPL one is the liquidity because it's callable. Secondly, it's very secured, and it's low risk, and it has, frankly, the best spreads right now but also it supports clients. So we continue to focus on that segment, we can speed up any part of the loan segment, we've done it before, I think we're one of the few banks that sold by COVID loans to reduce risk on the balance sheet. And there are times we have taken different parts of the portfolio and slowed it down for a while. Most of the portfolio even CNI as a very liquid portion and the term B loans, and so we do manage the balance sheet. So we're very happy that SPL loans are in demand and growing and we plan to support that and we'll look at the relative contribution of each item depending on where we see the risk return tradeoffs long term in the market. If we're offering, the market starts offering risky credit only, then you slow down that segment. So the TriState markets very different from our certainly. Our markets, internal their markets external to other firms. And so those are very separate, run separately, but we'd like the SPL loans in both categories, and both banks and have the capital and the cash, the funding too which is important. We have a lot of flexibility and funding.
Manan Gosalia: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And that was our final question. Turn the call back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I want to thank everybody for attending and I know numbers were a little bit more difficult with a lot of the acquisition related expenses and changes. So I appreciate the effort I know but the questions and the write ups, you put a lot of time into it. So I want to thank you and again, as always take our advisors and associates for all they've done to generate these numbers. So it's easy to present them when they're doing such a great job. So thank you and we'll talk to you next call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the conference for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-04-28 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Raymond James Financial’s Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 earnings call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company’s Investor Relations website. Now, I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. Please go ahead.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chair and Chief Executive Officer and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to slide two. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward looking statements. These statements include but are not limited to information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisition, including acquisition of Charles Stanley Group PLC, completed on January 21, 2022, as well as our announced acquisitions of Tristate Capital Holdings and some rich partners, and our level of success and integrating acquired businesses, divestitures anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, should, could, scheduled plans, intends, anticipates, expects, believes, estimates, potential or continue or negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, as well as any other statement necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today’s call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management’s view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. Now, I’m happy to turn the call over to Chair and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. I’m going to begin on slide four. I am very pleased with our results for the fiscal second quarter and the first half of the fiscal year, especially given the challenging market conditions. We continue to invest in growth across all of our businesses in the Private Client Group. Excellent retention and recruiting of financial advisors contributed to best in class growth, with domestic net new assets of 11% over the 12 month period. Furthermore, the Charles Stanley acquisition, which closed during the quarter significantly expanded our presence in the UK, which is a very attractive market for wealth management. In the capital markets business, while investment banking revenues were negatively impacted by the heightened market volatility during the quarter, we continue to see strong pipeline. As the expertise we have both added organically and through niche acquisitions has been performing extremely well. In the fixed income business, we announced the pending acquisition of SumRidge Partners during the quarter, which will enhance our platform with technology driven capabilities and a fantastic team with extensive experience in dealing with corporates. Raymond James bank grew loans an impressive 7% during the quarter, reflecting attractive growth across all the loan categories. The Tristate capital acquisition, which is expected to close by the end of our fiscal third quarter, we’ll add a best in class third party securities based lending capability, while also diversifying our funding sources. They will also bring a diversified asset manager in Chartwell, which will be a great addition to our multi boutique model and asset management. So as we always do in any market cycle, we continue to invest for the long term, always putting clients first. It’s an uncertain market conditions such as these that remind us the importance of focusing on and making decisions for the long term. While our strategy may not always be popular over short term periods. Today, I believe we are well positioned to the expected increases in short term rates with record clients domestic cash sweet balances, strong loan growth at Raymond James bank, high concentration of floating assets, and an ample balance sheet flexibility, given solid capital ratios, which are all well in excess of regulatory requirements. Turning to results, in the fiscal second quarter the firm reported net revenues of $2.67 billion and net income of $323 million or earnings per diluted share of $1.52. Despite higher asset management and related administrative fees, reflecting the strong year-over-year growth in PTT assets and fee based accounts, diluted EPS declined 10% compared to the prior quarter, primarily due to bank loan loss provisions for credit losses during the current quarter to support the strong loan growth compared to a benefit in the prior year quarter. This quarter also had a higher effective tax rate, which Paul Shoukry will explain later on the call. Excluding $11 million of acquisition related expenses, quarterly adjusted net income was $331 million or earnings per diluted share of $1.55. Annualized return on equity for the quarter was 15% and adjusted annualized return on tangible common equity was 17.2%, an impressive result, especially in this very low rate environment, and given our strong capital position. Moving to slide five, we ended the quarter with total assets under administration of $1.26 trillion, and record PCG assets and fee based accounts of $678 billion. These figures include the assets from the acquisition of Charles Stanley, which was completed on January 21. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, total client assets under administration declined 2.8% compared to the immediately preceding quarter, financial assets under management of $194 billion decreased 5% sequentially, as net inflows were more than offset by declines in equity markets during the quarter. We ended the quarter with a record 8,730 Financial Advisors, a net increase of 403 over the prior year period and 266 over the preceding quarter, which includes to 200 Charles Stanley financial advisors. Our focus on supporting advisors and their clients has led us to strong results in terms of advisor retention, as well as recruiting experienced advisors to the Raymond James platform throughout our multiple affiliation options. Over the trailing 12 month period ending March 31, 2022, re recruited to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels, financial advisors with approximately $340 million of trailing 12 production and approximately $53 billion of client assets at their previous firms. And highlighting our industry leading growth we generated domestic PCG net new assets of approximately $106 billion over the four quarters ending March 31, 2022, representing approximately 11% of domestic PCG assets at the beginning of the period. Second quarter domestic PCG net new asset growth was nearly 9% annualized. Client domestic cash rebalances grew 4% sequentially to a record $76.5 billion. Raymond James bank continued to generate impressive loan growth up 22% year-over-year, and 7% during the quarter to a record $27.9 billion. This growth was driven by securities based loans and residential mortgages largely to PCG clients as well as strong corporate loan growth. Now moving on to the results on slide six, the Private Client Group generated quarterly net revenues of $1.92 billion and pretax income of $213 million. On a year-over-year basis, revenues grew 17% and pretax income grew 11% primarily driven by higher assets and fee based accounts. The capital market segment generated quarterly net revenues of $413 million in pretax income of $87 million. Capital Markets revenues declined 5% over the prior year period, primarily driven by lower fixed income, brokerage revenue and equity underwriting revenues. Sequentially, quarterly net revenues decreased 33% driven by lower investment banking revenues primarily due to the impact of increased geopolitical and macro economic uncertainties. As I referenced earlier, in March, we announced the acquisition of SumRidge Partners, a technology driven fixed income market makers specializing in investment grade and high yield corporate bonds, municipal bonds and institutional preferred securities. This acquisition is further evidence of our continued commitment to providing cutting edge technology to advisors, clients and stakeholders. We currently anticipate the acquisition to close in the fourth quarter of 2022, subject to regulatory approval. The asset management segment generators net revenues of $234 million dollars and pretax income of $103 million. On a year-over-year basis, revenues grew 12% and pretax income grew 18% over the fiscal second quarter of 2021, primarily a result of higher assets under management. Raymond James bank generated quarterly net revenues of $197 million in pretax income of $83 million. Net revenue growth was primarily due to higher asset balances as the bank generated attractive growth and its loan portfolio, along with net interest margin expansion. Despite revenue growth, pretax income declined 25% compared to a year ago quarter caused by the bank’s loan loss provision for credit losses in the current quarter, reflecting strong loan growth compared to the bank’s loan benefit for credit losses in comparative periods. Looking to the fiscal year to-date results on Slide seven, we generated record net revenues of $5.45 billion during the first six months of fiscal 2022, up 19% over the same period a year ago. Record earnings per diluted share of $3.61 increased 14% compared to the first six months of fiscal 2021. Additionally, we generated strong annualized return on equity of 18.1% and annualized adjusted return on tangible common equity of 20.6% for the six month periods. Moving to the fiscal year to date segment on slide 8, the Private Client Group capital markets and asset management segments all generated record net revenues and record pretax income during the first six months of the fiscal year, again, reinforcing the value of our diverse and complementary businesses. Now for a detailed review of our second quarter financial results, I will turn the call over to Paul Shoukry. Paul.
Paul Shoukry: Thanks, Paul, starting with consolidated revenues on slide 10, quarterly net revenues of $2.67 billion grew 13% year-over-year and declined 4% sequentially. Record asset management fees grew 25% over the prior year’s fiscal second quarter, and 6% over the preceding quarter. Private Client Group assets and fee base accounts into the quarter relatively unchanged compared to December 2021. However, adjusting for the acquired assets of Charles Stanley, PCG assets and fee base accounts declined approximately 3%, creating a headwind for asset management revenues in the fiscal third quarter. So I would expect somewhere around a 3% sequential decline in this line item in the upcoming fiscal third quarter. I’ll discuss accounting service fees and net interest income shortly. Skipping ahead to investment banking revenues as Paul described, this line item declined significantly compared to the preceding quarter. But at $235 million, it was still a very strong quarter compared to our results prior to fiscal 2021. Given the heightened market volatility, we would not be surprised to match this quarter’s results for the next two quarters, which would result in the investment banking revenues ending fiscal 2022 close to the record set in fiscal 2021. While our pipelines are strong, there’s a lot of uncertainty over the next two quarters that could impact investment banking revenues positively or negatively for the rest of the fiscal year. Other revenues of $27 million was down 47% compared to the preceding quarter, primarily due to lower revenues from affordable housing investments previously known as tax credit funds. The pipeline for the business is very strong, but the timing of closings is more uncertain given the rapid cost increases, impacting affordable housing developers. Moving to slide 11, clients’ domestic cash sweet balances ended the quarter at a record $76.5 billion dollars, up $3 billion or 4% over the preceding quarter and representing 7% of domestic PCG client assets. Notably $17 billion or 22% of total cash sweep balances are held in the client interest program, the vast majority of which are invested in very short term treasuries and could be redeployed to generate much higher yields over time, either at our own bank, or with third party banks as interest rates increase and demand for cash balances recover. Turning to slide 12, combined net interest income and VDP fees from third party banks was $224 million, up a robust 9% from the preceding quarter. This growth is largely a result of strong asset growth and the higher net interest margin at Raymond James Bank, which increased nine basis points to 2.01% for the quarter. The increase of the bank’s NIM during the quarter was attributable to a higher yielding asset mix given the strong loan growth, as the March interest rate increase really won’t start benefiting the bank’s NIM until the fiscal third quarter. For example, following the march rate increase, the bank’s current spot NIM is around 2.15%. The average yield on RJBDP balances with third party banks increased to 32 basis points in the quarter, and the spot rate is just over 50 basis points reflecting the march rate increase both the NIM and the average yield from third party banks are expected to increase further with additional rate increases as less than 25% of the firm’s interest earning assets have fixed rates. And those assets have an average effective duration of less than four years. And all of the deposits sweep relationships with third party banks are floating rate contracts. So we should have significant upside from rising short term interest rates. To that point, let me walk through how we are positioned to rising short term interest rates based on current clients domestic cash sweep balances which decreased by over $2 billion to $74. billion thus far in April, largely due to the quarterly fee billings and income tax payments using static balances and an instantaneous 100 basis point increase in short term interest rates, which includes the 25 basis point rate increase in March, we would expect incremental pretax income of nearly $600 million per year, with approximately 65% of that reflected as net interest income and 35% reflected as accountant service fees. This estimate assumes a blended deposit beta of around 15% for the first 100 basis point increase commensurate with what we experienced in the last rate cycle. Importantly, this analysis does not incorporate the TriState capital acquisition, which should provide incremental upside to higher short term interest rates, as the vast majority of their $13 billion of balance sheet assets are also floating rate assets, as they have always shared a similar approach to limiting duration risk. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 13, starting with our largest expense compensation, the compensation ratio for the quarter was 69.3%, which increased from 67.7% in the preceding quarter, but remained below the year ago period compensation ratio of 69.5% and below or 70% target in a low interest rate environment. The sequential increase was mainly the result of lower capital markets revenues, which led to the revenue mix shift towards higher compensable revenues and the PCG segment. As advisor payouts, particularly to independent advisors who cover their own overhead expenses are typically higher than the associated compensation of our other businesses. On a sequential basis, the compensation ratio was also impacted by the reset of payroll taxes that occurs in the first calendar quarter of each year, as well as annual salary increases and continued hiring to support our growth. Non-compensation expenses of $388 million dollars increased 14% sequentially, predominantly driven by the bank loan provision for credit losses, compared to a loan loss release in the preceding quarter, as well as higher Communication and Information Processing expenses. Excluding the bank loan provision in acquisition related expenses, which creates some noise in the comparison, non-compensation expenses of $356 million grew 3% over the preceding quarter. Also keep in mind, expenses included just over two months of results for Charles Stanley, which closed on January 21. So overall, we have remained focused on the discipline management of all compensation and non compensation related expenses, while still investing in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisors and their clients. Slide 14 shows a pretax margin trend over the past five quarters. In the fiscal second quarter, we’ve generated a pretax margin of 16.2% and an adjusted pretax margin of 16.6%, in line with our 16% target in this low interest rate environment. Based on the expectation for the additional increases in short term interest rates, we will revisit our pretax margin and compensation ratio targets and our upcoming analyst and investor day scheduled for May 25. Hopefully by then we will have more clarity on other important variables, such as the outlook for investment banking revenues, the level of business development expenses as conferences and travel continue to ramp up in the impact of recently closed and pending acquisitions. On slide 15, at the end of the quarter, total assets were $73.1 billion, a 7% sequential increase, reflecting the addition of approximately $3 billion in assets, mostly segregated client cash balances from Charles Stanley as well a solid growth of loans at Raymond James bank. Liquidity and capital remain very strong, RJF corporate cash at the parent end of the quarter at $2.2 billion increasing 59% during the quarter, primarily due to significant special dividends from our well capitalized subsidiaries during the quarter. The total capital ratio of 25% and a tier one leverage ratio of 11.1% are both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized, providing significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and invest in growth. The effective tax rate for the quarter did increase to 25.4%, up from 20.1% in the preceding quarter. The primary drivers of the sequential increase are the favorable impact from share based compensation that vested in the preceding quarter and non deductible losses on our corporate own life insurance portfolio due to equity markets that are used to fund our non qualified benefit plans compared to a non taxable gains on these portfolios in the preceding quarter. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters as of April 27, 2020, $1 billion remains available under the board approved share repurchase authorization. Due to regulatory restrictions, we do not expect to repurchase common shares until after closing the TriState capital holdings acquisition currently expected to occur by the end of the fiscal third quarter. As we explained on prior calls, our current plan is to offset the share issuances associated with the transaction after closing. But given the heightened market volatility, we’ll obviously keep a watchful eye on market conditions between now and then. Lastly, on slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for Raymond James bank. The credit quality of the bank’s loan portfolio remains healthy with most trends continuing to improve. The bank loan loss provision of $21 million was primarily driven by strong loan growth during the quarter. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans held for investment into the quarter at 1.17%, down from 1.5% at March 2021, and essentially unchanged from 1.18% at December 2021. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul.
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said at the start of the call, I am pleased with our results and while there are many uncertainties, I believe we are well positioned to drive growth across all our businesses in the Private Client Group, next quarter results will be negatively impacted by the expected 3% sequential decline of asset management and related administrative fees that Paul described earlier. However, focusing more on long term or recruiting pipelines remain strong and combined with solid retention. I am optimistic we will continue delivering industry leading growth as advisors are attracted to our client focus values and leading technology platform. Furthermore, the addition of Charles Stanley provides an opportunity to accelerate our growth in the UK Wealth Management markets through multiple affiliation options similar to our advisors choice offerings in the US and Canada. In the capital market segment, M&A pipeline remains robust, but closings will be heavily influenced by market conditions throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. And while market uncertainty and geopolitical concerns loom in the near future, I am confident we have made significant investments over the past five years to strengthen our platform, and to grow our team and productive capacity, positioning us well to grow over the long term and the fixed income space. Although depository clients are still flush with cash and searching for yield optimization opportunities. We expect results to be more volatile over the next few quarters given elevated interest rate uncertainty. Additionally, we expect the pending acquisition of some rich partners to enhance our current position in the rapidly evolving fixed income and trading technology marketplace. In the asset management segment, while the financial assets under management are starting the fiscal third quarter lower due to equity markets, we are confident that strong growth of our assets and fee based accounts in the Private Client Group segment will drive long term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, upon the close of tri state capital, we expect Chartwell Investment Partners, which will operate as a subsidiary of Caroline towers associates to help drive further growth through increased scale distribution and operational and market synergies. And Raymond James bank should continue to grow as we have ample funding and capital to grow the balance sheet. Raymond James bank is well positioned for rising short term rates and we expect Tristate capital to further enhance this benefit to the firm, given their floating rate, asset concentration, and their leading position and third party SPL business. Before closing, I want to call your attention to our annual corporate responsibility report that was released during the quarter. The report, which can be found on our Investor Relations website, highlights our foundational commitments to our people, sustainability, community, and governance, and illustrates our long standing approach to doing business rooted in our values, and brought to life through our people driven culture. This report summarizes many of the inspiring things that our advisors and associates across the firm do to contribute to their communities, and the things we do as a firm to help the environment. As always and foremost, I want to thank our advisors, and their associates for their perseverance and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day. With that, operator, please open the line up for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And our first question on the line from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please ahead with your question.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. So wanted to start with the question around capital. You guys saw the German leverage dropped down over 100 basis points, quarter over quarter at the holding company level, it looks like it’s all coming from the broker dealer. The cash balance has picked up there and liabilities that as well. So it’d be flush out a little bit sort of what happened, what drove the increase this quarter that’s kind of weighing on your on leverage a bit here? And then more importantly, is that something you expect to reverse pretty quickly? And I guess regardless, should we still expect you guys to buy back all the stock that you expect to issue on the back of Tristate closing?
Paul Reilly: Yes, thanks, Alex. I think, before going into sort of the quarter to quarter movements, just stepping back at 11% tier one leverage ratio, we’re still well over two times the regulatory requirement to be well capitalized at 5%. So just important to note that we still have a significant amount of capital to continue investing in growth growing the balance sheet and growing our businesses. With that being said, since the beginning of the fiscal year, our client cash balances have increased over 15%, which is an amazing number. If you think about it, we’re six months into our fiscal year. And most of that has come as you mentioned, to the broker dealer in the client Interest Program, the vast majority of which I use to fund short term treasuries, we’re talking 30 day 60 Day type treasuries pursuant to the segregated asset SEC rules. So these are the first cash balances that will be redeployed either on balance sheet or off balance sheet, as demand from third party banks recover after the increase in short term interest rates and just kind of dimension that impact to our tier one leverage ratio. But before the pandemic, these balances were hovering right around $2 billion. So $15 billion of really overflow is what I would call this in the client accommodation, that’s eating into about 300 basis points of the tier one leverage ratio. And frankly, when we set the 10% target little less than a year ago, we don’t look at this impact on this portion of the balance sheet the same as we do other portions of the balance sheet because again, they’re invested in 30 or 60 day treasuries, which are obviously highly liquid. So it’s really just geography in terms of putting this on the balance sheet here versus putting it with third party banks, where it’s not on the balance sheet and doesn’t even do tier one leverage ratio, which we will do when their demand resumes, or funding our own bank, which we would earn a higher spread on obviously, than we do on 30 day treasuries. So hopefully that answers your question there.
Alex Blostein: Got it. So don’t want to put words in your mouth. But it sounds like the 10% tier one leverage minimum is not quite the minimum in absolute terms, we should really think about, where you know, that that balance sits and where that sort of comes from and how that impact capital ratios a little bit more dynamically, alright.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I mean, I think that’s a good way of thinking about it. Okay,
Alex Blostein: great. And then just piggybacking on the point you made around the building cash levels Obviously, we’ve seen that across the industry, but with rising rates, the conversations around care starting, obviously picking up pretty materially. In the last cycle, if my math is right, I think you guys have seen about a 15 to 20% decline in sort of peak to trough cash balances across the franchise. Given the changes in the customer mix and how much you’ve grown, is that still the right framework to think about how much could leave in this cycle, understanding the pace of rates is likely to be much faster this time around?
Paul Reilly: I think you’re right, in the last cycle, it was around a 15 to 20% declined, but I mean, remember, we just in the last six months increased balances by 15%. So if that’s, if we see a decline over the next year or two, as rates rise, and really the decline happens after the first 100 basis points, then it’s not really that big of a deal, considering we just got that in the last six months here. And it’s sitting, in short term treasuries, and remember that declining cash balances will be more than offset by the increase in short term interest rates based on our assumptions. And the other factor that you need to consider is when you do have a decline in cash like that, due to cash sorting, the value of that cash becomes more valuable. So as an example, today, the spot yield of our balances with third party banks is right around 50 basis points, which is right around Fed funds target. Before the pandemic, we were getting fed funds target plus 10, or 15 basis points. So the spread on not only those balances, but also loans. In a more cash tight environment, the cash becomes more valuable. And that offsets a portion of the impact from declining cash balances in the system as well.
Alex Blostein: Great, one more busy, busy morning, obviously between a bunch of culture but Tristate, so I believe you initially targeted $3 billion of sort of funding replacement on their balance sheet once the deal closes. Is that still the case? I think in the first year, you’re targeting us at about 3 billion? Why wouldn’t you go a little faster given that their deposit data, I think is going to be a lot higher than yours?
Paul Reilly: Yes, maybe you asked about the cash sorting issue, just you know, in the prior question. So you know, we’re going to look at, they bring in diversified funding sources, they have very good depository clients, many of which are also clients on the asset side, and they’re going to continue running independently, of course. So we’re going to do what makes the most sense for both them and us. We’re not beholden to the assumptions, we use the due diligence and valuation process, and nor are we going to make decisions to boost short term results that may compromise long term results. So we’re going to, as we do with all of our decisions, make them based on what’s best for our investors over the long term.
Alex Blostein: Great, thanks for entertaining all the questions.
Paul Shoukry: I just want to reiterate, Tristate operating as an independent subsidiary has to take care of its clients cash needs and commitments to so it’s not just math, right, we just they need they’ll have a lot of client balances to manage. And in the 3 billion was just a rough estimate of the excess where we could replace them without, they felt without impacting their business.
Operator: Our next question on the line from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research, go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Good morning, Paul’s. So wanted to start off with just a question on Tristate. The rate backdrop is clearly much more constructive since the deal was first announced. And given the revenue upside is coming from less compensable spread income, I was hoping you could provide some thoughts on the updated tsp accretion expectations based on the current forward curve, and how we should be thinking about where PPR margins could potentially settle out with higher rates and a fully integrated tsp deal as we think about your normalized earnings power?
Paul Reilly: I think there’s a lot baked into that question. And I don’t think it’s, there’s a lot that has changed since we announced the acquisition and the 8% to 12% type accretion, but I don’t I don’t think maybe at the analyst investor day, we can get into more detail with all the different variables. You know, one thing I will say is that their loan growth, since we announced the transaction and their separate public company, so I also don’t want to get too much into their own results or what the upside is to higher rates going forward for their results until you know, after we close the transaction, but I think I can say that the loan growth since they, since we announced the transaction has been much stronger than we were projecting of course, we tried to use conservative projections but they’ve had really continued to have strong loan growth since announcing the transaction. So that coupled with the higher increases in short term rates that we were expecting, and again, the vast majority of their assets are floating rate assets, certainly nice tailwinds for us going forward.
Steven Chubak: Any insight you can share just in terms of how we should think about that, that terminal PPN, our margin, I think the big debate is you’re going to be integrating this deal. The accretion tailwinds have certainly been favorable over the last few quarters, you didn’t note the loan growth has also come in better. The big debate is how, how much of that revenue, you’re going to allow to fall to the bottom line versus get reinvested back in the business. And just want to get some sense as to how we should be thinking about peak margin potential over the next couple of years.
Paul Reilly: I would say that the peak margin potential is going to be driven more by the increase in short term interest rates and the impact that has on our 75 plus billion dollars of client cash balances, then, you know, the any particular transaction that we’ve closed door that is pending. So you know, I would say I would look at that. And as I said earlier on the call that impact in the first 100 basis points, we’re projecting to be somewhere in the $600 million range. So it’s obviously significant accretion to earnings for us in the first 100 basis points.
Steven Chubak: Very helpful. And then just if I could squeeze in one more just on the securities portfolio, I know historically, you guys have tended to favor, more short end versus long and gearing, certainly, given the pace of Fed tightening that’s anticipated, that’s going to serve you pretty well here. But given the forward curve is actually starting to bake in a couple of Fed cuts a few years out, wanted to get some perspective on whether there’s any appetite to actually extend duration, given some of the higher MBS proxies in particular, which could potentially protect you, in the event, looking a couple of years out that the Fed does, in fact, start easing and maybe we don’t have or we don’t have the soft landing that many of us were hoping for.
Paul Reilly: So at this point, we’ve, I think we’ve undertaken some criticism for being flexible. And flexibility just isn’t maximizing short term earnings. For us. It’s maximizing the business model to be able to take advantages of acquisitions investments, and, you know, keeping flexible and difficult times, which right now is uncertain. So after waiting, we’re certainly not ready to lock in short term rates or longer term rates, while we’re in the middle of what we think will be an increasing interest rate cycle. But that doesn’t mean at some point in the future, where we think you know, with asset liability management, we wouldn’t lock in a portion. But that’s not that’s not on the near term goals right now.
Steven Chubak: Understood, thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. We’ll get to our next question on the line from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. All right ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Good morning, bowling ball. I wanted to get your thoughts a little bit more on the deposit beta and the 15% assumption for this cycle. So first, if you can remind us where deposit rates peaked in the last cycle. And then if I think about the differences this time around, you know, on a macro level, we’re getting a much faster pace of rate hikes than last time inflation is higher, the Feds going to shrink their balance sheets sooner. And for Raymond James, specifically, the bank is a lot larger, and you have the upcoming acquisition of tri state. So, you know, with that in mind, you know, what are your thoughts on how the deposit beta dynamic will play out? And, you know, what, what that will do to, to deposit rate to cycle.
Paul Reilly: I mean, there are a lot of differences, this cycle versus last rate cycle. So, you know, your guess is probably as good as ours, we’re going to be very competitive and try to be generous with our clients, you know, the 15% kind of assumptions slash guesstimate that we have for the first 100 basis points, which includes the first rate increase in March, where the deposit beta was obviously extremely low across the industry assumes that there’s a pickup in deposit beta with the subsequent increases. So in the last rate cycle, we peaked out at around 60 basis points on average for the cost of funds in the sweep. And that’s when fed funds target topped out at about 2.5%. So usually the investable cash going back to the cash sorting topic gets invested in. In short term alternatives like purchase money market funds, I think we have the best purchase money market funds platform in the industry, for our clients who are looking to, you know, optimize their yields. So that’s kind of how we’re thinking about it in terms of bifurcating the cash in the account. And you know, how we pass on in the sort of operational cash component that they accounts. But we’re obviously going to look at the competitive environment as rates rise and try to be fair and competitive with our clients.
Paul Shoukry: I think if you look to that, you know, all cycles are different, and things happen different. So the first thing is you have to be flexible and responsive. We’ve done a good job, even planning out various scenarios and cycles, what we do well in advance. So our best guess right now is it’ll be like the last cycle just faster. So we may have to move quicker, but we think the relative spreads and things will still be there, we certainly have a lot more cash. And economically, even though when you lose balances, you still gain that interest income because of the rate differential. So, should be positive, at least to the next couple of raises, and then longer term is whatever longer term is.
Manan Gosalia: I guess a follow up to that is, what the rate sensitivity that the 600 million will look like for the next 100 basis points, right, because, you know, what, we’re going to get several rate hikes in short order, you know, presumably by the time you know, we get to the June July, we’ll, we’ll be talking about the next 100 basis points. So any thoughts on what that 600 million should look like? Just based on your comments, and assuming we need to hack our data a little bit, but you know, what, I would love your thoughts on that.
Paul Reilly: I think what most people are assuming is that the incremental benefits with incremental rate hikes are going to decline, you know, significantly still be a benefit net, net, but decline relative to the first 100 basis points as the lag catches up in the deposit betas increase. But, again, if we’re guessing on the first 100 basis points, then we’re certainly going to be guessing on the second 100 basis points, so time will tell.
Manan Gosalia: Got it and it just one quick clarification, and sorry if I missed this earlier, but can you quantify if there was any material hit to AOCI this quarter?
Paul Reilly: Now, certainly, I don’t think I would call it material. You saw that our equity balance sheet equity was flat during the quarter despite the strong earnings net dividend. So I think the AIA OCI impact was somewhere around $300 million for the quarter. And that’s, again, a testament to our aversion to taking too much duration risk, we keep that securities portfolio very short. And we’re actually shortening and now we’re buying treasuries now with sort of two year life today, just to position ourselves, as Paul said, to give us even more flexibility going forward, given all the uncertainty around rates.
Operator: Thank you. We’re going to turn next question on the line from Bill Katz with Citigroup, go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for taking the questions this morning and you’re prepared commentary. I’m just coming back to capital for a moment. So Paul, if I hear you correctly, some of the some of the pressure on the tier one leverage ratio sequentially probably abates a little bit, just given how client cash will move around a little bit. And you obviously get the favorable impact from higher rates. And now we’re standing a flat investment banking outlook. And the deal with TSE, you mentioned maybe some caution around buyback so I’m curious why that would be the case at this point in time given what should be a pretty fat capital ratios, net of everything?
Paul Reilly: The only caution areas and you know, backing out of our plan to buy back the TSE purchase price, it’s just we’re in a very uncertain economic environment and if things tanked, we’d have to look at, if the market really tanked and, no telling what happens or if the geopolitical thing really heightens and becomes global, we’ll be more cautious and more on pace now. That’s the price of that happened and stock prices were affected, we’ll probably still be able to accomplish it but we’re just we always look at the macro outlook number one for us is safety and flexibility and secondary is execution. So it was nothing more than a broad cautionary you know, in a world that anything could go right now. In the worst case as we take a look at it, but because capital and liquidity stay number one, but we still plan to execute that buyback, all things being predictable.
Paul Shoukry: And maybe the one thing I would add to that is, whether we buy back have stock and one or two quarters following closing or three to four close quarters following closing, it seems like a long time in the model. But for us, it’s a blip. And we make decisions for the next three to five years, not for the next three to five quarters. And the timing of the buybacks really doesn’t impact results all that much, a year to two years out. So if it makes more sense, given all the factors that Paul just described, to wait a couple quarters, and we’ll wait a couple of quarters, we’re going to err on the side of caution, just as we always do.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you. And then maybe just to port unrelated question, I apologize for nesting it this way. But on the on the P&L, communications had a pretty big sequential step up. And I think business development simply had a pretty, pretty flat currency relative to sort of good organic growth. Any geography changes here, and he unpacked and Charles Stanley, that you can help us maybe unpack a little bit?
Paul Reilly: You nailed it, it’s really a lot of the impact from Charles Stanley, you know, they had around $45 million of total expenses reflected in the quarter since they closed and a big portion of that hit the communication information processing line. So I think that’s what you’re really seeing there is just the impact from the two months of Charles Stanley acquisition some of those line items.
Bill Katz: And then just the related question is, so appreciate we’ve all trying to get at the pre tax margin discussion. But as you look at your core business today, I think one of the things you’ve talked about, you’ve been spending pretty regularly now the last couple of years to sort of build the scale and the opportunity set. Is there anything in the core businesses that you’ve been under investing in? And I’d be curious, would you be willing to change the payout grade on the private client side to accelerate growth even more? Or sort of a 75 cent blended payouts a reasonable thought process for me? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Well, I think we’ve spent well on our infrastructure, and it’s very much leverageable. The systems that we’ve put in, all the back office have been a significant investment. We have increased our technology run rates, again this year, so we’re, we’ll continue to invest in technology. Because we move our all of our systems forward and the next big investments really around our client apps, because we’ve felt that we’ve gotten more work to do but a Leading the Leading wealth planning desktop, so now we’re putting that same technology to the client app. So the advisor and client have that same intimacy. So but outside of that, no, I think we’re well invested. We’re not really looking at anything. And we’ve invested now, I mean, people asked if we’re ever going to acquire anything, and we’ve got three in the hopper, one closed and to hopefully to close soon. So we’ve got a lot going on. And we think we’ve been investing well across the firm and, and believe in long term growth will be great with these acquisitions. They weren’t focused on short term growth, although once integrated, I think they’ll do very well.
Operator: Our next question on the line from Kyle Voigt from KBW. Go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning, maybe just getting some clarity on the PCG Asset Management revenues. And the guidance of that being likely down 3% or so in fiscal three Q. I guess we’re seeing this debased assets essentially flat over the past two quarters. And I understand that’s really due to adding the Charles Stanley assets. So organically down there down 3%. I guess the question is, I guess where are those Charles Stanley revenues coming through in that segment? Because given what you said, it would imply that none of those revenues really come through that asset management line.
Paul Reilly: I think it’s just a function of timing, Kyle, so we did have those revenues coming through those lines, you know, for just over two months of the quarter, but the assets weren’t really reflected until the end of the quarter. So all we’re saying is that, despite the assets appearing being flat sequentially, those revenues will decline somewhere around 3%. Starting next quarter, because we already have accounting for those revenues, at least two months of it so far, this quarter.
Kyle Voigt: Got it. Thanks. And then given how yields trended through the first or through the calendar first quarter, just wondering if you had any details regarding Holly’s AFS portfolio trends of the quarter, so maybe any anything on and a period AFS balances would be helpful. And I guess do you view the securities reinvestment rates right now is attractive enough to really start moving some of those CIP deposits into the bank to ramp up growth in that securities portfolio? Little more meaningfully.
Paul Shoukry: We’re doing that modestly. I mean, we’ve shortening the duration with treasuries to two years from the three to four years that we were buying in the agency mortgage back and the incremental spread on what we’re buying versus what’s running off from the legacy portfolio’s just north of 1%. So, we think it’s a trap somewhat attractive. I mean, that comes with duration. And we want to stay flexible, as Paul pointed out before, so we’re not going to do that in a dramatic way. But we do have a lot of cash and CIP that invested in very short term treasuries in the 30 to 60 day treasuries. And so to the extent that we can deploy some of that incrementally into the bank, to earn a higher yield, and sort of wait until this demand from third party banks recover, then we think that that would be a good trade off, but it’s not going to be too significant, I would say in terms of growth of securities portfolio, but we do expect ongoing growth between now and the end of the fiscal year.
Kyle Voigt: Got and then just a follow up question on that. One is that CIP is now sitting at 17 billion and balances. Is there a certain percentage of those balances, we should think about you wanting to migrate and deploying the bank versus moving off balance sheet to free up capital? Given what you just said, is it fair to think about a majority of those you really want to move off balance sheet into the third party sweep?
Paul Reilly: I guess we don’t have any sort of predetermined objectives in terms of where it goes, we think that there’s, we know that about 15 billion of those balances are 13 billion today, because they have declined by a couple billion so far in April due to FY Billings and tax payments, is sort of what we consider overflow balances that, would prefer FDIC insurance, when capacity recovers for that in with third party banks and or when Raymond James bank needs that capacity as well. So, over time we would expect, somewhere around 10 billion or north of 10 billion of that to get redeployed from CIP to third party banks, Raymond James bank or redeployed into higher yielding alternatives for clients.
Operator: And our next question on the line is from Devin Ryan from JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Good morning, guys. How are you? Apologies, I hopped on a minute late. And I know there’s been a lot of questions are on the pre tax margin and expenses. I don’t think you hit this yet. I’m just trying to think about just the comp ratio. And I appreciate we’re going to hit a lot more details on May 25. But when we look back a couple years ago, your comp ratios 65 66%, when rates were more normalized, without making a call on capital markets and kind of considering a few of the small acquisitions you’ve done, I just want to think about maybe what structurally different today, a lot of conversation in the market around expense inflation and higher base salaries and base overall compensation. So is that meaningful to change kind of the narrative of the Comp ratio war, the mix being so different, that it changes kind of the way we should be thinking about comp going forward and the structure relative to prior period of kind of more normalized rate environment.
Paul Reilly: So, this quarter’s comp ratio was a surprise to us, given capital markets were down and given that, a lot of our FICO and other stuff hits this quarter, which has always been elevated. So we felt that was certainly in line. And certainly, we’ve had a rate rise, but it really didn’t come through the quarter, it was at the end of the quarter. So as rates go up, those comp ratios will go down, because they’re non compensable, though, there’ll be pretty significant. And again, capital markets, it said recovers from the pace it is it’ll drive it down also. So we’re looking, we feel pretty good about where it’s headed, and in the interest rate environment, and we do see pressure, our recruiting has actually been pretty good. There is market pressure. So my guess it will be a slight headwind for everyone, but we don’t see it being a significant number. But we’re looking at that and looking at the adjustments and sensitive to people that aren’t in the top part of their payouts, making sure they’re compensated so that they can, kind of survive a high inflationary environment, but so that would be on the other side somewhat, but it’s going to be well, outpaced by I think interest spreads and, and a more normalized return to capital markets.
Devin Ryan: Thanks, Paul. And then just one thing, the back kind of the UK opportunity obviously with Charles Stanley now closed. I appreciate it’s still very small for Raymond James. But can you remind us, Paul, how you’re thinking about the addressable market in the UK for the firm? And, and whether you’re having dialogue with other firms there? I know you were talking to Charles Stanley for some time and knew them well. So are there more opportunities like that? Yes, as we think about the expansion in the UK, organic versus inorganic, and really, I guess the thought is the straw Stanley now having that kind of deal, not necessarily behind you, but completed, does that set you up for more deals in the region.
Paul Reilly: So strategically, it’s a very fragmented market, with Charles Stanley, I think it puts us close to the top 10, just outside. And so we think there’s a lot of opportunity, Charles Stanley, really, has high quality people high quality back office, and but they’ve been slower on growth, mainly, because they’ve been more capital constrained, we’ve had a much smaller but a much quicker growing probably an industry leading growth in terms of inorganic, recruiting in the UK market, so we hope to combination that we can between their support our capital, and our ability to recruit and grow, hopefully, to combine the best of all those worlds. Now, it’s going to take a while to integrate that, right. I mean, we’ve closed but we’ve got to, we know we have a yearlong project just to look at systems integration, best of class, making sure that, as always, our focus is first retention, we’ve had, we don’t want to mess up our, our consecutive series of integrations where we’ve kept the people. And part of that is we’re very, very thoughtful in how we put things together, we don’t slam them together, we haven’t assumed anybody or any system was going to come out on top, and they’re doing both teams on both sides, I think, a great job of looking at that, and then we will integrate the system. So it’ll take a while to gear that up. But we think both. So we’re not going to look at any acquisitions during that integration period. But after its integrated up and running, and we get it running as we’d like to, there’s, I think there are opportunities in that market. And you can see that RBC enters the market with an acquisition. So I think others see that opportunity too. It’s going to take a little while to integrate. It is, I guess, the bottom line, but we’re very optimistic and really liked the people.
Devin Ryan: That’s great. One last one here, just on the capital market side of business, or I guess, institutional side in the M&A pipelines are strong, as I heard, you guys have a pretty diverse focus there, which maybe insulates more from volatility and other parts of the market? I guess what are you guys seeing in terms of closure rates, how much are deals getting pushed out, and then new deals, filling back in into the pipeline, trying to think about kind of the push and pull in our business, I appreciate that, it can change the extent markets remain volatile, or vice versa. But just that the comfort in kind of the I don’t know, the next 12 months for the M&A advisory business coming off of, obviously a great prior 12 months.
Paul Reilly: Yes, so comfort is a hard word to use in this environment right now. We think at this run rate, even in this environment, we can continue, but certainly there’s a lot of upside, what we’re seeing is most deals in pause not canceled in the pipeline, we see new deals coming in and into the pipeline. So I would call, strong, maybe it’s more robust, we had a very good pipeline. And the problem is it’s been paused. So part of that is a little bit market and market valuation, certainly on the underwriting side, but the M&A side a little bit, and then, the uncertainty is had people sit back and wait and making sure that, with the political uncertainty globally, that that’s not really going to hurt the market. So I would say right now, it’s, pause deals that are still in the pipeline. Now, if there’s, if the geopolitical thing heats up, you may some of those pauses may turn to cancel or if the market really tanks but the market stays steady, and people get more comfortable geopolitically, I think there’s a lot of upside to so. So it’s just hard to call because those are the two impacts.
Operator: Next question is from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Research.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe just quickly on the reserve ratio, I think you’ve bounced around 115 to 1.2% the last two quarter is that the right sort of target for you guys, given the mix of loans right now? And so as we think about provisioning going forward, try to stick to that level.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think that is given the mix of our assets. 1.2% seems reasonable. That was roughly the percent that we saw in the provision this quarter. But again, we’re using Cecil models. So macro economic conditions deteriorate, you can see provision increase, and vice versa, macro economic conditions improve.
Jim Mitchell: Was there any was Cecil contributed in any way to this? Or was it just all growth?
Paul Reilly: Most of it was growth related, as you saw, we had really strong growth in the bank this quarter.
Jim Mitchell: Right. And can you remind us what your betas were in the second 100? I appreciate there’s, it’s you can’t predict it. But maybe in the last cycle, what the betas were in the second 100 basis points?
Paul Reilly: Yes, if my memory serves me correctly, I think we’re closer as an industry to 50% range for the last couple of increases in as we got from 200 to 250 basis points on the fed funds target. That’s sort of what I recall off the top of my head.
Operator: Thank you very much. I will proceed with our final question for today from the line of Chris Allen with Compass Point. Go right ahead.
Chris Allen: Morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I think most of us have been covered, I guess I want to quickly just follow up on the SumRidge Partners deal. The press release, make it sound like an electronic marker maker, I’m sorry, market maker on electronic trading platforms. But looking at their website, it seems a bit more potentially advisor facing, maybe give us some color there. And whether this deal is more driven by the need for technology improvements on the fixed income trading side, or whether there’s other synergy opportunities moving forward.
Paul Reilly: I think there’s a lot of pieces to at first, culturally and risk management wise, as we’ve been talking them for quite some time. We think they’re a great fit. And what it adds strategically for us as the weakest part of our fixed income platform has been the corporate area, we’re just versus our competitors were a lot smaller in the corporate bond area. So they bring really great expertise there. Secondly, they do have trader assisted technology, where they’re able to sort and execute trades with a lot of analytics. And we believe that that system can be migrated to other parts of our business to help tech enable the trading, which is important. They, their focus has really been on institutional clients, although they do have an app with some advisor facing but it’s relatively small. But we really liked the app. So we think it may be something we can convert to our, to the adviser side of our business. So there’s lots of pieces we really like we really like the people, the risk management, and the technology we think can be really spread to lots of parts of our fixed income business. So appreciate everyone coming on today. I know it’s a crowded day. I think that given our discipline, that we’re really into a market with rising rates that will do really well we have plenty of capital to deploy even with our three acquisitions. And, we’ll stay true as we always have to, our guiding conservative principles, but I think given I think we’re still in good shape to make all the commitments unless something weird happens in the market. But if it does, again, with all of our capacity and flexibility, I think relatively we’ll be in good shape. So appreciate you joining us and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you very much. And it does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask you to disconnect you lines, have a good day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-01-27 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Raymond James Financial’s First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company’s Investor Relations website. Now, I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James’ Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to slide two. Please note, certain statements made during the call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Charles Stanley PLC completed on January 21, 2022 and our proposed acquisition of TriState Capital Holdings, as well as our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, should, could, scheduled, plans, intends, anticipates, expects, believes, estimates, potential or continue, or negatives of such terms or other comparable terminology, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today’s call, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management’s view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. With that, I’m happy to turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Although our beloved [Indiscernible] years were slow out of the gate last Sunday against some very strong competition not so for Raymond James as we are off to a fantastic start. It’s hard to believe the pandemic started in the US nearly two years ago, when I think back on all of those that’s been accomplished since then, I’m so proud of the way our associates and advisors have continued to serve their clients with great care and compassion, living out our values each and every day. Beginning on slide 4, our steadfast commitment to serving clients resulted in fantastic financial results during the quarter. Starting off fiscal 2022 with record quarterly revenues and earnings that were propelled by record invest in banking revenues and record asset management and related administrated fees in the private client group. In the fiscal first quarter, the firm reported record net revenues of $2.8 billion and record net income of $446 million or earnings per diluted share of $2.10, a 42% increase over diluted EPS in the fiscal first quarter of 2021. Excluding $6 million of acquisition related expenses, quarterly adjusted net income was $451 million or earnings per diluted share of $2.12. Annualized return on equity for the quarter was 21.2% and adjusted annualized return on tangible common equity was 23.7%, a very impressive result especially on this new zero rate environment and given our strong capital position. Moving to slide 5, we ended the quarter with record total client assets under administration of $1.26 trillion, up 23% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. We also achieved record PCG assets in fee-based accounts of $678 billion, up 8% sequentially. Record clients’ domestic cash sweep balances of $73.5 billion and record financial assets under management of $203 billion. Through our client focus culture in leading technology solutions, we maintained our focus on supporting advisors and their clients. As a result, we continue to see strong results in terms of advisor retention as well as record results in recruiting new advisors to the Raymond James platform through our multiple affiliation options. Over the trailing 12-month period ending in December 31, 2021, we recruited financial advisors with nearly $350 million of trailing 12 production and approximately $56 billion of client assets to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels. Additionally, we generated domestic PCG net new assets of approximately $104 billion over the four quarters ending in December 31, 2021, representing more than 11% of domestic PCG assets at the beginning of the period. First quarter domestic PCG net new asset rose with even stronger generating nearly 14% annualized rate, the highest level we’ve experienced such starting to closely track this metric. These results really highlight our industry leading organic growth. We ended the quarter with 8,464 financial advisors, a net increase of 231 over the prior year period and a net decrease of 18 compared to the preceding quarter. As many of you know, in the last calendar quarter, we generally see an elevated number of retirements in advisors choosing to leave the business and it was no different this year with approximately 90 advisors falling into that category. However, when advisors retire, they typically have succession plans in assets are usually retained by the firm so there is minimal impact to the production or asset levels. Clients’ domestic cash sweep balances grew 10% sequentially to a record $73.5 billion, this Paul will detail later in the call, we should have significant upside to our pre-tax earnings in the raising interest rate environment. Also worth noting on the slide is the impressive loan growth at the Raymond James Bank during the quarter, up 5% sequentially to a record $26 billion. This growth was driven by securities-based loans to PCG clients as well as the strong corporate loan growth. Moving to the segment results on slide 6, the Private Client Group generated record quarterly net revenues of $1.84 billion in pre-tax income of $195 million. Given the timing of certain expenses, we think it is most appropriate to compare the year-over-year results were the segment’s revenues increased 25% and the pre-tax income increased 39% over the first fiscal quarter of 2021; truly fantastic growth.  The Capital Markets segment generated record quarterly net revenues of $614 million and record pre-tax income of $201 million, representing an impressive 33% pre-tax margin to net revenues. These record results were driven by record investment banking revenues, including records for both M&A and equity underwriting. Fixed income also generated solid results for the quarter. The asset management segment generated net revenues of $236 million and pre-tax income of $107 million. On a year-over-year basis, the revenues grew 21% and pre-tax income grew 29% over the first fiscal quarter of 2021 primarily driven by higher assets under management. Paul will discuss some of the sequential variances in the segment later on the call. Raymond James Bank generated quarterly net revenues of $183 million and pre-tax income of $102 million, representing solid sequential and year-over-year growth. Net revenue growth was largely due to higher asset balances as the bank generated attractive growth in its securities based lending portfolio up an astonishing 44% over December of 2020 in addition to the growth in the residential mortgages and corporate loans. Pre-tax income growth was due to the aforementioned revenue growth and a bank loan loss release in the current quarter compared to a provision for credit losses in the comparative periods, as macro economic conditions continue to improve. These record results reinforce the value of our diverse and complementary businesses. Before I hand the call over to Paul, I’ll take a moment to highlight the completion of the acquisition of the UK based Charles Stanley Group earlier this month. Charles Stanley adds approximately $36 billion of client assets, bringing Raymond James total client assets to the UK to approximately $57 billion. We have long admired this firm and we are pleased to welcome Charles Stanley to the Raymond James family. And now for a more detailed review of our first quarter financial results, I’ll turn the call over to Paul Shoukry. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. I’ll begin with consolidated revenues on slide 8. Record quarterly net revenues of $2.78 billion grew 25% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. Record asset management fees grew 1% over the preceding quarter. I do want to touch on the 1% sequential decline of asset management fees in the asset management segment during the quarter primarily due to a larger portion of certain client fees allocated to the private client group segment starting at the beginning of the fiscal year, which effectively resulted in nearly $9 million of managed account fees that’s shifted from the asset management segment to the Private Client Group segment during the quarter. This change is a primary driver of the asset management segments revenues and pre-tax income declining sequentially. PRIVATE CLIENT GROUP assets and fee-based accounts were up 8% during the first fiscal quarter, providing a nice tailwind for this line item for the second quarter of fiscal 2022. But there are fewer days in the fiscal second quarter, so I expect somewhere around 5% to 6% sequential growth in this line item in the second quarter. Consolidated brokerage revenues of $558 million grew 6% over the prior year and 3% sequentially, with 12% year-over-year growth in the Private Client Group segments in sequential growth in the Private Client Group segment and the capital market segment. Account and service fees of $177 million increased 22% year-over-year and 4% sequentially largely due to higher mutual fund and annuity services fees as well as client account fees in the Private Client Group segment. Paul already discussed our record investment banking results this quarter. So I’ll touch on other revenues. Other revenues of $51 million were down 31% compared to the preceding quarter, primarily due to lower tax credit funds revenues, which are typically highest in the fiscal fourth quarter. Gains on private equity investments also declined on a year-over-year and sequential basis. Moving to slide 9, client domestic cash sweep balances ended the quarter at a record $73.5 billion, up 10% over the preceding quarter and representing 6.5% of domestic PCG client assets. This growth in client cash balances should bode well for us in a rising interest rate environment, which I will describe in more detail on the next slide. Turning to slide 10, combined net interest income and BDP fees from third-party banks was $205 million, up 3.5% from the preceding quarter. This growth is largely attributable to strong asset growth and a resilient net interest margin at Raymond James Bank, which held flat at 1.92% for the quarter. Average yields on the bank loan portfolio actually increased slightly this quarter which was fantastic to see. However, an increase in lower yielding cash balances kept the bank’s net interest margin flat. We expect the banks in them to remain relatively stable at current interest rates and we expect a nice tailwind for net interest income going into the next quarter given the strong growth of loans at Raymond James Bank. But net interest income will also be impacted by fewer days in the fiscal second quarter. Related to loans, based on your feedback, we have added ending period loan balances by category in our supplemental earning schedule. We hope you find this update helpful and as always, thank you for your suggestions to continue enhancing our disclosures. The average yield of RJBDP balances with third-party banks tick lower to 28 basis points in the quarter reflecting the low interest rate environment and a limited demand for cash from third-party banks. I want to provide an update to the interest rate sensitivity from what we provided last May during our Analyst and Investor Day. As of December 31, clients domestic cash sweep balances were $73.5 billion. Given our high concentration of floating rate assets that are funded with these cash balances, we should have significant upside from increases in short term interest rates. Using these static balances and instantaneous 100 basis point increase in short term interest rates, we would expect incremental pre-tax income of approximately $570 million per year with approximately 65% of that reflected as net interest income and 35% reflected as account and service fees. This scenario assumes a blended deposit data of around 15% for the first 100 basis point increase commensurate with what we experienced in the last rate cycle. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 11, first, our largest expense compensation. The compensation ratio for the quarter of 67.7% was well below our 70% target and close to the compensation ratio we achieved in fiscal 2021 helped by record investment banking revenues. As explained on our prior calls, while our compensation ratio target is 70% or lower in this near zero short term interest rate environment, we have demonstrated we can manage below that target closer to 67% to 68%, when the capital market segments generates at or near these record levels of revenues. And of course, we will likely have to revisit this target if interest rates start increasing. Non-compensation expenses of $339 million decreased 6% sequentially, primarily driven by the bank loan loss reserve release this quarter as well as lower professional fees. As you can see in these results, we’ve been very focused on the disciplined management of all compensation and non compensation related expenses while still investing in growth in ensuring very high service levels for advisors and their clients. However, as we discussed last quarter, we expect expenses to increase throughout this fiscal year as we continue investing in people, in technology to support our tremendous growth. As business development expenses increase with travel and conferences resuming and as net loan growth drives higher associated bank loan loss provisions for credit losses. For example, you can see our communications and information processing expenses increased 13% year-over-year as we continue to make critical investments in technology. We would expect the year-over-year growth for this line item to be right around this level for the full year in fiscal 2022. Slide 12 shows a pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. While our pre-tax margin targets in this near zero short term interest rate environment is around 16%, we generated a pre-tax margin of 20.1% in the fiscal first quarter or 20.3% on an adjusted basis boosted by record revenues particularly for investment banking still relatively subdued business development expenses and a loan loss release during the quarter. We will probably have to revisit our pre-tax margin and compensation ratio targets at our Analysts and Investor Day scheduled in May, if we start seeing increases in short term interest rates. Hopefully by then, we will also have more clarity on other important variables such as the outlook for investment banking revenues, the level of business development expenses as travel and conferences resume more fully and the impact of recently closed and pending acquisition. On slide 13, at the end of the quarter, total assets were approximately $68.5 billion and a 11% sequential increase, reflecting solid growth of loans at Raymond James Bank as well as a substantial increase in client cash balances that we’re accommodating on the balance sheet. Liquidity and capital remain very strong. RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $1.4 billion increasing 21% during the quarter. The total capital ratio of 26.9% and a Tier-1 leverage ratio of 12.1% both more than double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized providing significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and grow the business. Slide 14 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. In December, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 31% to $0.34 per share per quarter which is not reflected on this chart until next quarter. The Board also authorized share repurchases of up to $1 billion which replaced the previous authorization. As of January 25, 2022, all $1 billion remained available under this authorization. Due to regulatory restrictions following our pending acquisition of TriState Capital Holdings, we do not expect to repurchase common shares until after closing. But we believe this authorization signals our intention to repurchase the associated shares soon after closing. In the meantime, we expect our capital and our share count to continue growing between now and closing. Lastly, on slide 15, we provide key credit metrics for Raymond James Bank. The credit quality of the bank’s loan portfolio remains healthy with most trends continuing to improve. Criticized loans declined and non performing assets remain low at just 19 basis points. The bank loan loss reserve release of $11 million was primarily driven by improving macro economic assumptions used in the CECL models. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans held for investment declined from 1.27% in the preceding quarter to 1.18% at quarter end. For corporate portfolios, these allowances are higher at around 2.13%. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. Overall, I’m extremely pleased with our strong start to fiscal 2022. We are well-positioned entering the second fiscal quarter with strong capital ratios, records for all our key business metrics including client assets, client, domestic cash sweep balances and strong activity level for the financial advisor recruiting and investment banking. In the Private Client Group segment results will benefit by starting the fiscal second quarter with an 8% sequential increase of assets and fee-based account, which could result in a 5% to 6% increase in asset management fees given two fewer days in the second quarter. Additionally, based on our robust recruiting pipelines, we hope to continue our recruiting trend as perspective advisors are attracted to our client focused values in leading technology platforms. I can’t promise we’ll be able to sustain the 11% net new asset growth we achieved over the last 12 months or the phenomenal 14% annualized net new assets we experienced in the fiscal first quarter, but given our strong retention and continued interest in all of our affiliation options, I’m optimistic we will continue delivering leading organic growth numbers. In the capital market segment the investment banking pipeline remains very strong for the next quarter or two. But given all the uncertainties in the market, we really don’t have much visibility for the second half of the year at this point. We do know we have a much stronger team than we had five years ago, and we have gained market share, so our productive capacity has certainly grown. But what I can’t tell you is what will happen to the markets and activity levels across the industry 6 to 12 months from now. We also expect solid fixed income brokerage results over the next quarter or two driven by demand from depository client segments which is still flush with cash and searching for yield optimization opportunities that we do a fantastic job in helping our clients. In the asset management segment if equity markets remain resilient, we expect results will be positively impacted by the higher financial assets under management which continues to be driven by the strong growth of assets and fee based accounts in the private client group segments and Raymond James Bank should continue to grow as well have ample funding in capital to grow the balance sheet. We will continue to focus on lending to the private client group segment through securities based loans and mortgages, and we will remain selective and deliberate in growing our corporate loan portfolio. Also, as previously mentioned, we should experience significant tailwinds in a rising interest rate environment. Finally, I want to thank all our advisors and our associates for their perseverance and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients. These results are a testament to their hard work and everyone in the Raymond James family. With that operator, will you please open up the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning.
Paul Reilly: Good morning. 
Manan Gosalia: So, I was wondering if you can unpack your comments on the net interest income and the sensitivity to higher rates. I know you said 570 million additions to pre-tax income, 65% NII, 35% account and service fees. But does that assume a flat balance sheet and CIP balance is staying flat and also third-party deposits staying flat? Or is there a basically more upside to these numbers given the long growth that you’re generating and also the upcoming acquisition of TriState?
Paul Reilly: No, you’re absolutely right. That is a static analysis based on current balances and so we do have upside going forward as we continue growing the balance sheet at Raymond James Bank and also as we hopefully close the TriState capital acquisition. So we have some good tailwinds in a rising rate environment.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. So then maybe I can push you a little bit on your pre-tax margin comments. I know you’re not giving any targets right now. But maybe you can help us think through it. So if I look at your quarter right now, you’re running at a 20% pre-tax margin. If I normalize for provisions and business development costs, maybe you get to 19% and then if capital markets revenues elevated, maybe that gets you down to 18% when those normalize, and your comments of 570 million if I’m doing the math right suggest there is 3 to 4 percentage points upside to the margin. So should we expect that as we get through this rate cycle, your margin can go up to 21%, 22% in the cycle?
Paul Reilly: I mean, we’re not ready to come out with a new target at this juncture, but because as you point out, there are a lot of moving parts, but you are correct that the 570 million on today’s revenues would equate to somewhere around 300 to 400 basis points of benefit. But I think some of the other factors that we have to consider is sort of normalized business development, what capital markets revenues look like going forward. So there are some other puts and takes and variables to consider as we get more clarity. But with that being said, if you look at where we were in the last rate cycle, we had higher pre-tax margin target before rates were cut to zero and so we obviously have upside and tailwinds from higher rates.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Steven Chubak: Good morning, Paul and Paul. You guys are doing well. So I wanted to start off with just a question on TriState Capital. At the time of the merger, you had guided, Paul to about 8% accretion from the deal. And memory serves that only assume two rate hikes through 2024. That assumption certainly feels conservative given the forward curve reflecting close to eight hikes exiting 2023. And I was hoping you could just provide some updated expectations for TSE accretion, or the incremental sensitivity, if we do get additional rate hikes? And then just speak to your philosophy around how much of that NII windfall from higher rates would you expect to fall to the bottom line versus get reinvested in the business?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I mean as far as the synergy guidance that we provided upon announcement as my memory serves me correctly, I think it was 8% accretion, not really factoring in any rate hikes at all, and then maybe an additional 300 to 400 basis points with the rate projections that you just mentioned. So to your point, rate increases are looked like they’re coming faster than we anticipated at that point in time. So to the extent they have a floating, highly floating rate balance sheet locked in securities based loan, 65% of their loans are in securities based loans that are floating and so to your point, there is more upside if rates increase faster than we originally anticipated.
Steven Chubak: That’s great color, Paul. Just for my follow up, merely a bit of a pointed question on organic growth. Your headline organic growth is the highest of any of the public companies that reported so far. It’s coming in at an impressive 11% trailing 12-months, 14% annualized in the quarter. At the same time, the reported AUM, when we go through the benchmarking exercise, the growth of 7% quarter-on-quarter is virtually identical to peers that are growing at half your stated organic growth rate. And just it also appears a little bit light relative to the gains that we saw in the S&P of about 10% in the quarter, and I was hoping you could just speak to the stronger organic growth, why it’s not necessarily translating into a higher level of AUM growth granted one quarter does not a trend make. Any differences you’re just aware of in terms of how you run the organic growth calculation, relative to what some of your peers might be doing?
Paul Reilly: As far as we can tell, Steve, we’re calculating, most of the peers are calculating the organic growth calculation similarly, we track that pretty closely. So we have been generating as you said, bleeding organic growth, if you look at our net new asset metrics and if you look at our asset growth overtime, which we’ve been saying for a very long time, even before we started producing net new assets, our asset growth is the best in the industry as well. And as you point out, those two are correlated. So from quarter-to-quarter, sometimes it’s hard to tell, but if you look at it over 1, 3, 5 year period or any period of time, our asset growth on organic basis has been leading in the industry. Sometimes you have to factor in acquisitions or big program hires or something like this, but certainly the net new asset and the asset growth has been amongst the best and then certain quarters the best, certain years the best in the industry.
Steven Chubak: It’s great color Paul. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Devin Ryan : Thanks. Good morning guys. 
Paul Reilly: Hi Devin.
Devin Ryan : I want to come back on the interest rate outlook and some of the moving parts here. If we look at the cash balances, you saw a really nice step up in the quarter and big spike in December as well. I’m just curious was that just kind of year-end selling or was it because of the strong M&A or some seasonality. I know there can sometimes be seasonality in there. So really just trying to understand like how sticky you think that kind of step function was in the quarter? And then also in terms of positive betas you obviously said, we have some good recent history of how things trended and it was quite a bit better than I think expectations heading into the prior tightening cycle. How are you guys thinking about maybe competitive threats or just competitive dynamics with FinTech being a lot larger today than it was four or five years ago and many of those firms are kind of signaling that they’re going to pass the majority of the benefit through to customers, is that play in or do you not look at them necessarily as direct competitors when you’re thinking about, cash and deposit rates?
Paul Reilly: Good question, Devin. I think there’s a few things. First, you have to remember, client cash is only 6.5 % of assets. So it’s not a high percentage. Typically for most periods, we’re closer to 10. So clients are still pretty invested. So part of that with the market growth, obviously, the equities grow versus the cash, so the client cash has been very sticky in terms of the portfolio, certainly not over weighted. But also because of our recruiting, we bring a lot of cash in when people move over, their clients are allocated somewhere, 5% to 10% cash. So that continues to grow and our recruiting is doing great. We’re still full guns on it. So I think that’s, we’re pretty comfortable with that cash. I think it’s almost the opposite. If there is a correction during this interest rate period we see a lot more cash generated, but we haven’t seen any unusual movements. And so that’s a percent of assets still pretty low, probably driven more with us by just our success in recruiting.
Paul Shoukry: As far as your deposit rate question, they’re more FinTechs now than there were three years ago, but there were a lot of high yield accounts available online three years ago as well. So maybe offsetting factor is that, unlike the last rate cycle the banking systems extremely flush with cash now maybe more so, well, definitely more so than it was in the last rate cycle. So there’s some puts and takes. We are assuming in our $570 million pre-tax upside, 15% deposit beta which is commensurate with what we saw on the last rate cycle. We think that’s a conservative, but it could be lower or higher than that for the first 100 basis points depending on those factors.
Paul Reilly: We find clients typically, during these increases, if we go through history that it’s got to be over 1% face rate before they even start looking at it. So we have a long way to go from one basis point certainly in the early going, it’s and FinTechs can offer one, but there’s not really many push to park them very liquidly at that rate. So I think the first 100 basis points is a pretty safe assumption probably conservative given the history on the first 100 basis points. And after that as rates go higher than there is, the game is on, but I think the early raises is pretty safe assumption.
Devin Ryan : Okay, terrific. That all makes sense. So just a follow up here. With Charles Stanley closed, maybe if you can just talk a little bit more about plans to accelerate growth and investments in kind of the UK wealth management platform, I know, it’s still very small, but how we should just think about kind of the trajectory there and maybe your enthusiasm for the potential for additional growth outside of the U.S?
Paul Reilly: So I think that, it’s just closed a few days now. So we’re just really starting to talk about integration and that takes some time, but it’s a great franchise. If it was constrained, it was constrained by capital a little bit, family controlled and for a good reason, they didn’t want to dilute their position where they were. So I think those are off because we have plenty of capital to fuel it. And generally, when people join you, the first thing we always focus on is retention and we’ve had a pretty good track record. I think that’ll be very positive there too and we need to get everybody settled down in the seat positive of the story. I will tell you that of all the ones we’ve ever done and we have tried to stay still pending, but who has a great cultural fit, this is the -- we’re hearing very little noise from the advisors, they think it makes sense and they think it’s good for them. We will invest. We do have some technology that they can use some of the other things. So it’s going to take a good year or so to really get through that integration. But we would expect where we have one of the leading growth firms in the UK with RJIS, our independent, we think that we can really step up the growth as is Charles Stanley management with the capital and the ability to recruit in the stories. So we’re confident, but I wouldn’t expect anything significant this year.
Devin Ryan: If I can just squeeze one more in here just on the administrative and incentive comp kind of trajectory. How should we think about that relative to revenue growth across the business, meaning is there some leverage there or is revenues potential to accelerate that will track ahead to try to think about some of the puts and takes there?
Paul Reilly: Devin, as you know, we are always focused on trying to realize operating leverage in the business and growing revenues faster than expenses and there’s always noise quarter to quarter, especially when you’re comparing fiscal year end quarter with the beginning of the fiscal year on a linked basis. But if you step back in fiscal 2021, in the PCG, business, we grew the administrative and incentive comp by 5%, with revenues in that business growing 19%. So that was really significant operating leverage. And that’s kind of continuing in this quarter with 25% year-over-year growth in revenues versus 14% year-over-year growth in administrative compensation expense. So to your point, we have always been focused and we’re still focused on realizing that operating leverage as revenue grows.
Devin Ryan: Okay, terrific. Thank you guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Seaport Research. Please go ahead.
Jim Mitchell: Good morning, guys. Maybe just follow up on the compensation question for the -- if I look at FA payouts as a percent of compensable revenue, seems like it went up year-over-year, I know that can move around. But just is there any kind of pressure on compensation given just competition or salary wage inflation or is that just bouncing around? But it does seem like it went up about 90 basis points year over year.
Paul Reilly: Yes, the financial advisor payouts are on the grid. And so in the employee channel and both in the independent contractor channel so as you noted, that does tend to bounce around 25, 50 basis points from any quarter, when you’re comparing it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. There are benefits that are accrued in there and other things, it’s not just direct payout that you would see on the grid. So it can bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, but we’re not expecting a meaningful step up based on the mix of advisors we have in our independent and employee channel.
Paul Shoukry: We have not changed really. We haven’t raised the payouts and there are higher payouts and higher production for some, so you get a little bit of that impact. But it’s really I think, just more of a bouncing around effects than it is any change here.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, so no change in the grid. Okay, that’s helpful. And just maybe on the TSC deal, as you get closer to it, do you feel like there’s an opportunity to really invest to expand that more rapidly? Should we expect some investment spending around that business or is it really just hey, standalone, we think they can grow with just a little more incremental capital, don’t need a ton of investment spend?
Paul Reilly: I think they are, if you look at their own releases we don’t, we’re still in the middle of the shareholder pride, they had a very, very good, they have very good growth. And I think what you’ll see is us just giving them a little more capital and maybe to accelerate technology and to help serve their clients and we may get some synergies over time on compliance and those kinds of functions. But outside of that, we’ll be operating alone. They will have a little more capital and their growth rates are very good. We’re kind of very historically and their current release was very, very good. So we certainly don’t need them growing faster than they are. I mean, they’re growing well. And I think it’s going to be more of our balance sheet deployment, the use of our cash and they’re going to do their thing and serve their clients.
Jim Mitchell: Right. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for taking my questions this morning. So just pick it up on TSC. So I appreciate the upside with higher rates. But then they did have a strong fourth quarter for we could tell as well. How does the fourth quarter trend relative to your baseline accretion of 8% as you sort of think about when this closes, any update on when you think the deal itself may close?
Paul Reilly: Yes, we kind of gave you some assumptions when we announced the transaction. We use conservative assumptions when we do any kind of investment or make any kind of investment and certainly the level of growth that they achieved in the fourth quarter again they are separate public companies, so I don’t want to speak about their results. But to your point, I don’t think you would call those conservative. I mean, they’ve been generating really strong growth and so I’ll just leave it at that. In terms of timing it’s all contingent on regulatory approvals and so we hope to get it done in calendar 2022. But again, that’s dependent on the regulatory approvals and right now --
Paul Shoukry: And a shareholder vote. And that’s the end of February.
Bill Katz: Just as a follow up, coming back to business development for a moment, any update and how you’re thinking about sort of the glide path in fiscal 2022 so that endpoint number of 200 million is sort of exit this year, relative to a sort of guide to last quarter? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I wouldn’t say the $200 million was a guide, it was just a reference point for where we were pre COVID that would have been $15 million a quarter. We were right around $35 million this quarter. And we actually were able to have an advisor conference this quarter for the employee channel. So I would be very surprised though, most of the things here in the second quarter, we’ve postponed and push back unfortunately, due to the COVID that spread. I would be very surprised if we are able to even exit the year at the $50 million run rate per quarter unfortunately. And I say unfortunately, because we really do want to get back to traveling again to having the advisor recognition trips and the conferences. So I think that’s kind of the glide path. It’s probably a longer, a flatter glide path than we thought this time last quarter unfortunately.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Alex Blostein: Thanks, guys. Good morning, guys. Just really picking up on that last point, you guys generating fantastic organic growth for this quarter over the last 12 months and that’s really without spending a lot on things like conferences and your promotional expense to your point, Paul, it has been running well below where you guys were back in 2019. So, lessons learned from the pandemic being, you guys can still achieve significant growth without spending as much, why is that not the right passage from sort of here?
Paul Reilly: There is certainly lessons learned. I mean we were going to a flexible work environment before the pandemic. So, certain lessons were kind of reinforced, we could do it. But we think it’s important to get people back in the office and we’re making great progress. But obviously with the holidays, and since we think conservative as the cases have been up. But the big part of a lot of those conferences, people think they’re just kind of fun trips, they’re very educational. The advisors get a lot of training and develop a lot of it on courses that they do. And it’s important culturally. So I think advisors understand why we’ve had to cancel or cut back on it during the pandemic, but they wouldn’t understand with things going back to normal that they would just disappear. So, we certainly have learned you can do a lot of things with less travel. There’s a lot of things that require that face-to face-input. And frankly we all know it from our own firms, people are tired of not being together and not seeing each other and interacting even though they’d like the flexibility, so we got to find that balance. The conferences are important culturally, they’re important to get people together, it keeps their bond with the firm. And for training development, I mean, there’s a lot of a facets and they do cost money. But just as the investor conferences, many people on this firm will start back up post COVID, some have been able to sneak some in. But you do them for the same reason and so where we --
Alex Blostein: Got it. Alright makes sense. My second one is really just a follow up on, I’m sorry, if I missed that, I think Steve asked the question around just the kind of assumptions around reinvestment spend on the back of the higher rates and the tailwinds you guys are going to get from obviously, materially higher revenues in the backup, higher interest rate. So should we think about acceleration in investments and things outside of comp as rates go higher?
Paul Reilly: We don’t have anything planned. I mean, we’re going to, we’ll have the same pressures on technology and what are we going to spend. We’re going to have as we grow, support will have to grow. We’re spending a lot of time automating the back office. So there are things that cost money. There’s been comp pressure in the industry, we haven’t, I don’t think felt it is, we’ve felt it. But it hasn’t been as great as lot of other people have said it’s been or people leaving, our turnover hasn’t been up very much. And again, I think that’s culturally and we paid people well off a good year. So I don’t see any big initiatives. I think three or four years ago, we had a huge initiative to kind of redo the whole compliance infrastructure and back office and systems and in gear up, but you’re seeing the leverage of that now where those aren’t really going up commensurate with revenue. So we don’t have any major plans. I don’t know what would change over the next three or four years. I’m sure there will be investment initiatives, but nothing like we had three or four years ago.
Alex Blostein: That’s right, all right. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please proceed.
Kyle Voigt : Hi, good morning. Maybe just one on the AFS book, the growth there slowed a bit in the quarter. Just wondering if you could comment on your appetite to re-accelerate the growth there given the recent move we’ve seen really in the belly of the curve?
Paul Shoukry: We’re keeping an eye on it. We do plan on growing it modestly throughout the year. But we’re trying to position ourselves for the increase in short term rates, so taking four to five years of duration, because there’s not a lot of three to four year paper out there that’s available. The Fed is still buying, but to take the four to five years the duration for 1.2%, 1.3% not overly compelling in a rising rate environment. So we’re trying to preserve as much flexibility as possible. We do have a preference for being more exposed to the short end of the curve, the really short end of the curve. And so, I think we’re being kind of deliberate and patient as we always are.
Paul Reilly: And I think also we were, we debated when we knew rates were falling, whether it was the lock in and we thought we’d just better off long term with the floating balance sheet. So now that we see all predictions are raised, rates will rise, you never know it’s kind of the wrong time to abandon that if you believe that rates are really going up. And you’re going to get a bunch of raises in the next year as people are predicting now. So, we are investing and growing the securities book, but we’re not going to race to do it because we think within a year, we’ll look back and say, gosh, we probably shouldn’t have done that.
Kyle Voigt: And if I can ask a follow up, earlier to a question that was asked on the administrative compensation in the PCG segment. You mentioned that it only grew 5% last year, despite 19% growth in the segment revenue. And now we’ve seen that accelerate to 14% year-over-year growth in the first quarter here. I’m just trying to get a sense of this months and acceleration in this line for the full fiscal year, if there’s anything to really know in that line in terms of seasonality in the fiscal first quarter? And then if you could maybe just give an update in terms like the medium term outlook for that administrative compensation line for PCG, is it right to think about that line as being kind of a mid single digit growth line overtime on a normalized basis? Just comment there that’d be great. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: There is a lot of factors, a lot of items that go into that line. I mean, there’s a poor seasonality as there is with most compensation related line items, but one of the factors that goes into it is, just the accruals for benefits, which are based on profitability growth. So you’re going to see growth in that line with the growth and profitability. And as Paul says, we have been very generous in terms of compensation to our associates. We have a long track record of sharing the success of the firm’s with our associates, and with our fiscal year end being in September, this line now reflects the salary and bonus increases that we gave at the end of our fiscal year end. You’ll start seeing that probably for most of our peers starting next quarter. So I think, there’s a lot of factors that go into it. But as I said earlier, we’re really focused on realizing the operating leverage going forward.
Operator: And the last question comes from the line of Chris Allen with Compass Point. Please proceed.
Chris Allen: Good morning, everyone. Looks like my questions have been answered already. I guess just a quick one, just on the client cash balances obviously helped by your asset growth and will treat both percentages of assets. I’m just wondering if you can see typically seasonality there towards the end of the calendar year and any commentary just on shifting the risk appetite from the client perspective to start this year just getting where the markets are?
Paul Reilly: As Paul said, really the fluctuations in cash balances, the extreme fluctuations really are more dependent on market movements. We have seen some end of calendar year build up of cash over history, over time. And then, of course, as we get to the tax season in April some of that cash you get to use to pay taxes. But I would say that the growth that we saw this quarter was really due to the fantastic organic growth that Paul was describing earlier.
Paul Shoukry: I think if you look at client sentiment, I think the most recent has been pretty flat with last quarter that about half are confident in the stock market. Good news is 95% are still confident in their advisory. So, I think in an uncertain times, people aren’t going to rush to invest cash versus three or four years ago when you’re in the middle of a run, it looks like it’s continuing to run. People are more likely to invest. So I don’t see any pressure for that number to really go down, I don’t see a rush for them to put money into the equity market. And again, as a percent of assets, it’s lower than historical. So I think we’re doing well there. So I wouldn’t expect any fluctuations, you never know. So the markets dynamic, but I think we’re in good shape.
Paul Reilly: So, I’d like to thank everybody for joining, I believe that not only do we have fantastic quarter, all the indications, recruiting is strong, we have upside on interest rate. Our pipelines and investment banking are very strong. It’s hard to give, I’ve been around too long where I see M&A come and go depending on market conditions, if you had a really sharp drop in rate or equity markets that certainly can impact it, but in a normal state that’s in great shape. As long as we continue to first retain our advisors and have them do the great job, they continue to have done this last year and last quarter and our recruiting momentum is extremely strong. The feel is good to start the calendar year where we are. Hopefully COVID gets through the system and we can have more of a normal life and but it was a good quarter and I think we’re well-positioned going forward. So I appreciate you joining us this morning. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-10-28 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. Now, I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James' Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Calling your attention to slide two. Please note, certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated timing and benefits of our acquisitions, including our proposed acquisitions of Charles Stanley PLC and TriState Capital Holdings, and our level of success in integrating acquired businesses, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as may, will, should, could, scheduled, plans, intends, anticipates, expects, believes, estimates, potential or continue, or negatives of such terms or other comparable terminology, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and Forms 8-K, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. With that, I'm happy to turn it over to Chairman and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I want to first, by apologizing, I'll sound like a broken record, using the word record over and over again. It really was an outstanding year and quarter. I wish management could take credit, but it is really the work of our advisers and associates that delivered these results. Their dedication and perseverance during the fiscal year was amazing. We've proven once again that focusing on our time-tested client-first strategy and providing outstanding service to our advisers and their clients will guide us through uncertain economic and global conditions, in this case, in record-setting fashion. The record results we generated would not have been possible without everyone's contribution. So, thanks again. Starting on slide four with our quarterly results. The fiscal fourth quarter capped off what was a record fiscal year on a number of fronts. The firm reported record quarterly net revenues of $2.7 billion and record quarterly net income of $429 million, or earnings per diluted share of $2.02, which reflects the impact of the three for two stock split in September. Excluding the $10 million of acquisition-related expenses, quarterly adjusted net income was $437 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share equaled $2.06. The increase in quarterly net revenues was largely driven by record investment banking revenues and record assets under management and related administrative fees, primarily due to higher private client group assets and fee-based accounts. Annualized return on equity for the quarter was 21.3% and adjusted annualized return on tangible common equity was 24.1%, a very impressive result, especially in the near zero-rate environment and given our strong capital position. Moving to slide five. We ended the quarter with record total client assets under administration of $1.18 trillion, up 27% on a year-over-year basis and 1% sequentially. We also achieved record PCG assets and fee-based accounts of $627 billion and record financial assets under management of $192 billion. We continue to focus on supporting advisers and their clients through leading technology solutions and a client-focused culture. As a result, we had a fantastic year in terms of adviser retention as well as record results in recruiting new advisers to the Raymond James platform through our multiple affiliation options. We ended the quarter with records of 8482 financial advisers, net increases of 243 over the prior period and 69% over the preceding quarter, representing a new record during the fiscal year we recruited financial advisers with approximately $330 million of trailing 12-month production and approximately $54 billion of client assets to our domestic independent contractor and employee channels. Also in the Private Client Group, advisers generated domestic net new assets of approximately $83 billion in fiscal 2021, representing 10% of domestic PCG assets at the beginning of the fiscal year, a very strong result reflecting our excellent retention and record recruiting. Additionally, this year, new account openings and adviser productivity were very strong contributing to the excellent net new asset results. Also worth noting on the slide is the impressive loan growth at Raymond James Bank during the quarter, up 5% sequentially to a record $25 billion. This growth was driven by securities-based loans to the Private Client Group clients as well as a strong corporate loan growth. Moving to segment results on slide 6. The Private Client Group generated record quarterly net revenues of $1.8 billion and pre-tax income of $222 million, a 12.3% pre-tax margin reflecting significant operating leverage over the past year. The Capital Markets segment generated record quarterly net revenues of $554 million and pre-tax income of $183 million, representing an extremely impressive 33% pre-tax margin to net revenues. These record results were driven by record investment banking revenues, strong tax credit fund revenues and solid fixed income brokerage revenues. The Asset Management segment generated record net revenues of $238 million and record pre-tax income of $114 million, up 29% and 46% over the year ago period respectively. These results were primarily due to growth in financial assets under management, driven by net inflows to fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group partially offset by market depreciation and net outflows for the Carillon Tower Advisers during the quarter. Raymond James Bank generated quarterly net revenues of $176 million and pre-tax income of $81 million. Quarterly net revenues increased 9% over the year ago quarter, as higher levels of earning assets offset year-over-year compression in the bank's net interest margin. Sequentially, net revenues grew 4% due to higher asset balances during the quarter. The pre-tax income growth year-over-year was due to the aforementioned revenue growth and lower bank loan provision for credit losses in the current quarter. Compared to the preceding quarter, the bank's pre-tax income declined largely due to a reserve release in the preceding quarter compared to a loan loss provision, primarily associated with the strong loan growth during the fiscal fourth quarter. Looking at the fiscal year 2021 results on slide 7, we generated record net revenues of $9.76 billion, up 22% over fiscal year 2020 and record net income of $1.4 billion, up 73% over fiscal 2020. Excluding losses on the extinguishment of debt and acquisition-related expenses during the year, adjusted net income was $1.49 billion, up 74% over adjusted net income in fiscal 2020. Moving to the fiscal year results on slide 8. The Private Client Group, Capital Markets and Asset Management segments, generated record net revenues and record pre-tax income and all of our segments realized substantial operating leverage during the fiscal year. Once again, these results reinforce the value of our diverse and complementary businesses. And now, for a more detailed review of the fourth quarter financial results, I'm going to turn the call over to Paul Shoukry. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. I'll begin with consolidated revenues on slide 10. Record quarterly net revenues of $2.7 billion grew 30% year-over-year and 9% sequentially. Record asset management fees grew 8% sequentially, commensurate with the sequential increase in the beginning of the quarter balance of fee-based assets. Private Client Group assets and fee-based accounts were up 2% during the fiscal fourth quarter, providing a modest tailwind for this line item for the first quarter of fiscal 2022. Consolidated brokerage revenues of $541 million grew 9% over the prior year, but declined 2% from the preceding quarter. Institutional fixed income brokerage revenues remain solid, albeit down from the strong levels of the comparison periods. Brokerage revenues in PCG were up 17% on a year-over-year basis, but flat sequentially due to lower trading volumes, which offset the benefit from higher asset balances and associated trailing commissions. For the fiscal year, brokerage revenues were up 13% to a record $2.2 billion, reflecting records for both PCG and fixed income, which had a fantastic year that was a testament to their leading position in the depository segment. Account and service fees of $170 million increased 21% year-over-year and 6% sequentially, largely due to higher average mutual fund assets driving higher associated service fees. Paul already discussed our record investment banking results this quarter. So let me touch on other revenues. Other revenues of $74 million were up 35% sequentially, primarily due to higher tax credit funds revenues. We also had $18 million of private equity valuation gains during the quarter of which approximately $5 million were attributable to non-controlling interest reflected in other expenses. Moving to slide 11. Clients' domestic cash sweep balances, which are the primary source of funding for our interest-earning assets and the balances with third-party banks that generate RJBDP fees ended the quarter at a record $66.7 billion, up 6% over the preceding quarter and representing 6.3% of domestic PCG client assets. As we continue to experience growing cash balances and less demand from third-party banks during fiscal 2021, $10.8 billion of client cash is being held in the client interest program at the broker dealer. Over time that cash could be redeployed to our bank or third-party banks as capacity becomes available, which would hopefully earn a higher spread than we currently earn on short-term treasuries. On slide 12, it was great to see an 8% sequential increase in the combined net interest income and BDP fees from third-party banks to $198 million. This growth was largely attributable to strong asset growth and a resilient net interest margin at Raymond James Bank, which remained right at 1.92% for the quarter. We expect the bank's NIM to settle right around 1.9% over the next couple of quarters. The average yield on RJBDP balances with third-party banks remained flat at 29 basis points in the quarter. If banks demand for deposits doesn't improve from current levels, we believe there will be downward pressure on this yield in fiscal 2022, especially in the back half of the fiscal year, which is why we have been so focused on generating on-balance sheet growth in assets that could deliver good risk-adjusted returns. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 13. First our largest expense compensation. The compensation ratio decreased sequentially from 67.2% to 65.8% largely due to record revenues in the capital markets segment, which had a very low 52% compensation ratio during the quarter. Given our current revenue mix and disciplined management of expenses, we are confident we can maintain a compensation ratio of 70% or lower in this near-zero short-term interest rate environment. And as we experienced in fiscal 2021, we can do meaningfully better than 70% with Capital Markets revenues at or near these record levels, which is our expectation for at least the next quarter or two. Non-compensation expenses of $361 million decreased 15% sequentially, primarily driven by the $98 million loss, on extinguishment of debt in the fiscal third quarter. Somewhat offsetting this favorable variance, we had a modest provision for credit losses during the quarter, compared with a bank loan loss reserve release in the fiscal third quarter. Overall, our results in fiscal 2021 show, we have remained focused on managing controllable expenses, while still investing in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisers and their clients. While we are still finalizing our fiscal 2022 budget, we do expect expenses to increase meaningfully in fiscal 2022, for a variety of reasons. First and foremost, we are going to continue investing in people and technology, to support the phenomenal growth of our business over the past year, ensuring we maintain very high service levels and leading technology solutions for advisers and their clients. We also expect business development expenses to pick-up, as travel recognition trips and conferences have already started resuming in the fiscal first quarter, which our advisers and associates are really excited about. Just as a reminder, business development expenses totaled about $200 million in fiscal 2019, before the start of the pandemic. Additionally, whereas we had a $32 million net benefit for credit losses in fiscal 2021, we would expect bank loan loss provisions for credit losses associated with net loan growth, in fiscal 2022. Slide 14 shows the pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. Pre-tax margin was 20.8% in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2021. And adjusted pre-tax margin was 21.2%, which was boosted by record revenues and still relatively subdued business development expenses. At our Analyst and Investor Day in June, we outlined a pretax margin target of 15% to 16% in this near-zero interest rate environments. And right now, we believe, the top end of that range is an appropriate target given the aforementioned expense growth, we currently expect in fiscal 2022. But, as we experienced during the fiscal year, there is a meaningful upside to our margins, when Capital Markets revenues are as strong as they have been in fiscal 2021. On slide 15, at the end of the quarter, total assets were approximately $61.9 billion an 8% sequential increase, reflecting solid growth of loans at Raymond James Bank as well as a substantial increase in client cash balances being held on the balance sheet. Liquidity and capital remained very strong. The total capital ratio of 26.2% and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 12.6% are both over double the regulatory requirements to be well capitalized, giving us significant flexibility to continue being opportunistic and grow the business. You can see that RJF corporate cash at the parent ended the quarter at $1.15 billion, decreasing 26% during the quarter, as we have restricted the cash that we plan on using to close on the Charles Stanley acquisition, which we currently expect to close in the first or second quarter of fiscal 2022, for as soon as we receive the requisite regulatory approvals. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions, over the past five quarters. During the fiscal year, we repurchased nearly 1.5 million shares, split adjusted for $118 million. As of October 27th, $632 million remained under the current share repurchase authorization. Due to the restrictions following our announced acquisition of TriState Capital Holdings, we do not expect to repurchase common shares until after closing. Lastly, on slide 17, we provide key credit metrics for Raymond James Bank. The credit quality of the bank's loan portfolio remains healthy with most trends continuing to improve. Criticized loans declined and non-performing assets remain low at just 20 basis points. The bank loan loss provision of $5 million was primarily driven by strong loan growth during the quarter. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percent of loans held for investment, declined from 1.34% in the preceding quarter to 1.27% at quarter end. For the corporate portfolios these allowances are higher at around 2.25%. With that I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. Overall, I'm very pleased with our fantastic results for this quarter and the fiscal year, which exceeded many records. As for our outlook, we are well positioned entering fiscal 2022 with strong capital ratios, quarter-end records for all of our key business metrics and strong activity levels for financial adviser recruiting and investment banking. In the Private Client Group segment, results will benefit modestly by starting the fiscal first quarter with a 2% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts. Additionally, based on our robust recruiting pipeline, we hope to continue our current recruiting trend as prospective advisers are attracted to our client-focused values and leading technology platforms. In the Capital Markets segment, the investment banking pipeline remains very strong and we expect a solid fixed income brokerage results, driven by demand from the depository client segment. In the Asset Management segment, if equity markets remain resilient, we expect results will be positively impacted by higher financial assets under management. And Raymond James Bank should continue to grow, as we have ample funding and capital to grow the balance sheet. We will continue to focus on lending to PCG clients through our securities-based loans and mortgages and we will continue to be selective and deliberate in growing our corporate loan and agency-backed securities portfolio. As we look ahead, we remain focused on the long-term and our long-term growth. And as we've outlined at our recent Analyst and Investor Day, those key growth initiatives include driving organic growth across our core businesses continuing to expand our investments in technology and sharpening our focus on strategic M&A. Our recent announcements to acquire TriState Capital and Charles Stanley Group demonstrate our focus on these initiatives and our commitment to deploy excess capital over time. We believe these acquisitions stay true to our long-standing criteria, which is a good cultural fit, a strategic purpose and makes sense for our shareholders. Finally, thank you again to our advisers and associates for providing excellent service to their clients during these uncertain times. These results are a testament to the dedication of everyone in the Raymond James family. With that I'm going to turn it back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Devin Ryan: Good morning, Paul and Paul. How are you?
Paul Reilly: Good Devin.
Devin Ryan: Good. So Paul a lot of records as you mentioned. So clearly, momentum really across the business heading into 2022. I appreciate that the Capital Markets segment can drive some variability in margins and so that's tough to predict. And so that kind of all gets wrapped up in the firm-wide kind of margin commentary. But if we set that aside and we think about the business, I mean you're sitting in a much better place heading into 2022 than you were in 2021. And I appreciate that you're also going to be ramping investment into the business as well, which makes sense. So as we think about the individual segments, whether it's PCG or Asset Management or the bank, can you just talk about where operating leverage may exist and then where it's more challenged just because of the investments? I think that would be helpful to unpack away from some of the maybe the difficulty in predicting Capital Markets? Because it does feel like there should still be some operating leverage in some of those areas, but want to just dig into those a little bit?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So, the business that's probably -- it's our best business, but probably the most margin challenge the Private Client Group because it has a high comp ratio with our independent contractors. And if you're -- to deliver 20% margins in the business, when you have a 70% comp ratio or less in these times, right is -- shows the balance we have on really managing expenses and making sure we invest. So, we had a good margin this year based on the growth. But the real delta in our margins come from the Capital Markets and the banks, as they grow and in Asset Management they have much higher margins. And to the extent they grow, they drive our comp ratio down and our margins up. So those are the ones that have the delta. Now, the good news is the backlog in Capital Markets is fantastic. It's at historic paces. And the problem with that business, as you know, it can stop on a dime and it could increase, but our visibility is really good into this first quarter, which is very strong. And the second quarter should be very good too. After that, you never really know because of the M&A and underwriting part, it depends on the environment. The bank we expect good growth. You saw very good growth this quarter. Given the markets right now and I think a reasonable economy going forward, the best we all can tell, we should have growth there. And the Asset Management business continues to grow, especially with our record recruiting and we're still on that same pace. If you look at commits and people coming through the office, we are still on a very, very -- we're still at that record pace. We took a snapshot today. So shorter term, we see these kind of very good margins. But, if Capital Markets slow down or the economy turns and M&A deal stop and stuff that's where we're going to get the margin compression again, without interest rates. It wasn't that long ago that half of our pretax income was interest spreads. So, we've lost that about overnight on March over two Fed meetings and so it's kind of amazing getting these kind of margins without that help. So that's the other factor in this that we can't predict. If that comes back, even if the markets cool down, that's certainly going to continue to expand margins. So, I wish I could tell you. I can tell you where we sit today. It looks good for the next quarter. But between the economy and Congress and regulators and interest rates, it all could change because those aren't in our control.
Devin Ryan: Really appreciate that Paul and helpful context across the businesses here. Just a quick follow-up on the fixed income brokerage business and maybe the outlook there talking about, how well the firm has done here. I mean, revenues were up 80% from 2019. Can you just help us a little bit around both maybe the near-term outlook for that business? And then, how to think about it intermediate term? Because it's not such a step function in growth and contribution. Is the size of the platform or the personnel is that much greater, or has it just been the environment -- I know the environment has been incredibly favorable. But how you guys are thinking about that business? And how maybe far we're above average for the business or whether it's just been kind of some underlying growth there that maybe we haven't fully seen in the platform?
Paul Reilly: It's a little both. There's some new product focus and products they brought to the market to their clients. The biggest factor has really been, if you look at the sweet spot in the business, it's the depository franchise and the depository franchise like all banks and us have a ton of cash. And in order to put that cash to work, they can make loans. And if they can't make loans fast enough, they buy securities and that's where they really utilize us as -- actually for a lot of banks almost as a treasury manager, we help them look at where they should invest in the spreads and yields. We provide a lot of tools for them. And that business has been very, very good because of the cash in the system. So as long as that cash in the system stays there, those brokerage revenues should be very, very good. And again the fixed income business by far had its best record as did the Equity Capital Markets business. So combined, the Capital Markets segment was extremely good. And again, short term to midterm everything we see today, we don't see that really slowing down off its pace. It's been a little slower in the last quarter than it had been earlier in the year, but I'd still call the numbers robust.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Reilly: Good morning.
Manan Gosalia: Just a follow-up on the pre-tax margin questions. Maybe a two-part question on the comp ratio. I know, you've guided to a ratio of less than 70%. But at 66%, you're coming in well below, and I sort of wanted to assess how much of this is the benefit of scale and of the platform rather than the strength of the Capital Markets? So first on the PCG side a lot of the competition decline has to do with the actions that you've taken to hold administer costs down even as the FA headcount and revenues have grown. So how should we think about the administrative and incentive comp in that segment going forward given the recruiting momentum that you're seeing right now? And then second on the investment banking side. If Capital Markets normalized to pre-pandemic levels, how should we think about the comp ratio there?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. So first thing, I think you got to take the Capital Markets you asked, if it was scale for the market? Certainly, it's been a very constructive market. So everyone has done well in Capital Markets. But we've really increased our scale too in our equities business. If you look at, the addition of Financo and Cebile during this quarter which again they only have a full year run rate in those numbers. Cebile being the most recent to join the platform and the hiring we've done across the platform. The leadership there has done a really good job of building scale, where we were probably under scaled, given our size competitors. So there is a scale play there, but the markets are very, very constructive. So it's a little bit of both in that business. And in the Private Client Group, a lot of business development expenses were low. We didn't have conferences. We didn't have award trips. We didn't have the regional meetings, because of the pandemic. And now those are opening up. We have our first major conference early in November, and we've had smaller conferences and our first award trip, although they're smaller than traditional, they're still there and there's some makeup award trips where we cancel them and move them into this year. And so we'll have some double trips and in fact in our employee group will have a double conference, because we're going to – we move this year's to the fall and next year's will come in the summer. So certainly, those expenses are back up. So that's just business as normal. And those are highly valued by advisers. They're a great cultural tool, to reinforce the value of Raymond James or great training. These aren't just fun trips to people, they're fun because we get together but it's work. I mean, there are classes, trainings teaching. So they're very important to the long-term business both teaching practice management and sharing best practices, as well as explaining new regulations, or new technology tools they need to learn. So they're very, very valuable. So it's work. I mean, the fund work, but it's works. So they're essential and those will return because they're important to the business model.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah, maybe the only thing I would add to that is that comp ratio does fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter due to a lot of variables. So I kind of prefer to look at it on an annual basis. It was 67.4% for the fiscal year, which was still much better than our 70% target, largely due to the Capital Markets results. Their comp ratio this year was 56%. It was 60% last year, and last year was a pretty good year, once you put it all together, just to show you the sensitivity there. And then the Private Client Group, you mentioned some of the initiatives. Frankly, with the non-FA comp up, 5% year-over-year against the 19% revenue growth rate, while we always strive to achieve operating leverage frankly that gap is not sustainable. We want to make sure that, we're providing adequate support levels for our advisers and their clients. And so we need to make sure, we have sufficient capacity and bandwidth in our service and product areas, to continue delivering excellent service to our advisers and their clients. So when you kind of put all those things together that's why we're sort of reaffirming the 70% target. But with that being said, we can continue to do better than that, if Capital Markets results are as strong as they have been and we expect them to be at least over the next quarter or two.
Paul Reilly: I think one thing I haven't heard in the industry calls, but we certainly hear and all the industry trades is there's pressure on comp. I mean where the pay is going up we can tell by the offers that come in to our people whom we're glad people value our folks. And about 80% or 90% comp increases it's taking longer to fill jobs right now in this market and everyone's growing. So that's not just us industry-wide there's comp pressure. And I think that's going to impact the comp and the comp ratio coming this year. I can't tell you what it will be. But we need people to run the business and to support our advisers so.
Manan Gosalia: Great. I appreciate all the color. And then maybe on the TriState acquisition, can you talk about how much operating leverage is embedded in their model? So they've had a pretty steady comp ratio in their bank for the last three to four years. But with 94% of the assets skew to short-end rates it feels like there should be room to drop some of that to the bottom line when rates rise. So I was wondering if you can comment on that and whether that's baked into your accretion estimates that you announced last week?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. They have -- they're a technology-enabled model and so their technology does give them the ability to particularly in the private banking side to really scale up that business. But as you point out I think where the operating leverage is really going to come from is rising short-term rates and we talked about a relatively conservative net interest margin type estimates that we baked into our projections that they would go up to 2% from where they are now with a 100 basis point increase in rates and they were actually doing much better than that before the pandemic.  So we try to be conservative there. And that doesn't even give them the benefit of where we expect most of the synergy to come from which is really replacement of their higher cost deposits a portion of their higher cost deposits with our lower-cost deposits. They are sitting on our balance sheet now earning very little in short-term treasuries at the broker-dealer per the regulation. So between short-term rate increases deposit replacements and the scalability of their technology-enabled model we think there is a significant upside to the results over time.
Paul Reilly: And we get a lot of questions just why don't you replace all their deposits with our lower-cost deposits. And it's that they support deposits from their client relationships or asset and liabilities that's how you build relationships and they're going to run an independent business that way and they have their own clients they're going to manage their clients. And so part of that is taking their cash reasonable rates to their clients for the loans they book too. So we put it -- I think we said $3 billion of replacement but that leaves the rest of their deposits in place. And as they grow we expect to use more and more of our deposits at a lower cost. But certainly they'll tell us when they need them and we're not going to interfere with their long-term client relationships.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell of Seaport Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Mitchell: Hi. Good morning, guys. Maybe just on getting back to the non-comp side. I get the fact that business development should be a lot higher as we reopen and recruiting picks up. But you mentioned kind of 2019 levels. Other firms have kind of talked about some percentage lower. There's some permanent changes in terms of business practices. Do you expect to really get back to $200 million in 2019, or is there some 70% to 80% of those kind of levels?
Paul Shoukry: I think $200 million was sort of just a benchmark. I think it would be a stretch to assume that we would get there that quickly. We are a bigger business now and have more people now than we had in 2019 and more advisers. But to your point I think just in terms of ramping back up to what the business as usual looks like while we have started the conferences and recognition trips in the first quarter travel business travel is certainly not what it was prepandemic yet. So I think it would ramp up over time.
Jim Mitchell: Right. Okay. And then maybe just on the balance sheet. Your client cash balance is up $4 billion quarter-over-quarter that was a pretty big step up. Any thoughts on what drove that increase? Do you expect it to continue into Q4? And does that -- given that balance sheet growth does it change the way you think about your leverage ratio with the two deals coming up?
Paul Reilly: I think that what drives client cash is first recruiting certainly. As we bring more advisers in their clients have a portion in cash. And we also see you'd say enough markets you don't expect to see as high a percentage in cash, but people are using it often in lower fixed income. They're just saying they're worried about rates going up. They view -- many clients view the market as copy and I know it's continued to grow. And they're using their cash balances to hedge that a little bit. So even in up market you got a pretty good percentage of cash. And again as assets grow and the recruiting grow -- recruiting is driving it and I think some investors are taking a little off the table and keeping some in cash as just a balancing or diversification hedge.
Jim Mitchell: On the leverage question, any -- does it change the way you think about it?
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I mean, I think bringing the cash on the balance sheet certainly does impact our Tier 1 leverage ratio and in stress periods, we do have different type of metrics that we think about to absorb a surge in cash balances. But a question we get a lot from investors and analysts is, how do we think about that 10% ratio and potentially lowering that ratio over time that target that we -- which is double the regulatory requirements. And our response to that is as long as regulators continue to consider that as a part of your metric in your requirements then we need to in our business have some cushion for a surge of cash balances, because while cash balances are high now on an absolute basis they are only 6.3% of client assets, which historically speaking is a good 100 basis points lower than average. Now we can argue whether or not that's because asset values are higher than they were historically speaking. But it is not unfathomable to see a situation where cash balance is surged by another 10% to 20%. And as we saw in March 2020, regulators don't give firms relief for accommodating those client cash balances, so we still need to make sure we have ample flexibility because those type of environments are when we could be most opportunistic. So we don't want to be constrained by the Tier 1 leverage ratio. And unless regulators change the treatment of that accommodated client cash balance, which they didn't do in 2020 and I'm hopeful they will do but not optimistic then we need that cushion.
Paul Reilly: I also think there could be an opportunity as the Fed cuts back on purchasing securities that those become more attractive. The rates would become and the spread is more attractive, so actually a shortage of those securities in the market believe it or not because of the Fed. But once they get out, they're hopeful there's more of an opportunity to use those securities on the balance sheet and move cash over to the bank.
Jim Mitchell: Right. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning Paul and Paul. Just wanted to ask a follow-up on the discussion relating to noncomps. So your messaging on expenses came through loud and clear. Comp guidance is quite explicit, maybe the non-comp guidance a little bit more vague or leaving more to interpretation. Recognizing you're still going through the budgeting process, I was hoping you could help us handicap the level of non-comp growth ex-provision versus that exit rate of $1.4 billion? I know Paul you had already spoken about business development expense normalizing some, what level of expense inflation should we be underwriting for some of those other categories? And if you could provide some more context there that would be really helpful.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I mean again there's a lot of growth in there that is driven by business volumes. So the investment sub-advisory fees for example, they were up almost 30% with fee-based assets this year. And so -- and that's true with the FDIC insurance expense at the bank that's going to grow with the bank's growth. And so there's a lot of growth-driven variables there. But even when you look at technology that's something we're going to continue to invest heavily in to again continue providing a competitive platform for our advisers and their clients and to drive efficiency over time and scalability over time. That was up 9% this year. I could see it being up 10% plus next year just with our technology initiatives that we have on the docket. So I don't want to go line by line, but I think when you look at the various line items you can see that there's room for growth. I mean just again stepping back the non-comp expenses grew 5% in PCG this year versus a 19% growth rate. So I would say in hindsight if we had known revenues were going to grow 19%, we probably would have grown those non-comp expenses higher than the 5%. Now some of that was helped by the business development with everything shut down. But that's not a sustainable relationship over time. We want to make sure that we continue supporting the business and the infrastructure the support levels of the business over time.
Steven Chubak: Got it. Okay. And just for my follow-up on organic growth. Paul, you disclosed pretty impressive stat about 10% organic growth, implies some acceleration into fiscal year-end. Just given the strong adviser backlogs across your affiliation options and the additional scale that you've added on the RIA side, just curious if you can provide some context around what you believe is a sustainable organic growth rate as flows begin to settle out around some sort of new normal?
Paul Reilly: Yes, that's such a hard you're asking to predict the future both as recruiting will it continue at this level? We can tell you our visibility is, it is and you know and it's -- I think I remember I forget how many quarters ago we talked about a slowdown for one quarter but it would pick up and certainly it did again. And so, we've been on this kind of ramp up for a couple of years. We still see very strong demand whether it will be a record this coming year or just very strong I don't know. But what we can see today is that ramp-up should be very good. And part of that net new asset growth is the markets when people bring accounts over or bring in new clients and the market's up while the assets are up so it helps drive that number too. So it's very complex. I think all we can tell you right now is that, all the factors are in place to show it should be very strong again this year. But to give you a number, I'd have to know what the market appreciation is, what recruiting is, what -- just so many factors that aren't predictable. I can just tell you that -- the things that drove it last year look still in place coming into this next quarter and how long it continues I don't know. We all know that this kind of growth in the market isn't forever. There's going to be cycles. There could be shocks to the system. But I think we're well positioned on both sides, both to continue our growth. And if there's a shock to the system our capital and liquidity will put us in good stead so.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Thanks for that context, Paul. If I could just squeeze in one more to e-tax modeling question, I was hoping if you can provide some guidance on the tax rate for next year and the trajectory for third party cash sweep yields? Just recognizing that, as you noted the banks are flushed with liquidity, don't have quite as much demand for client cash.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. The effective tax rate for this fiscal year ended right around just below 22% which was really benefited by the non-taxable gains in the corporate-owned life insurance portfolio. So we would still guide all else being equal, to around 24% over the year. Now with that being said, where our stock price is now we would expect it to be lower than that than the fiscal first quarter with the timing of our stock-based compensation that vest there would be a tax benefit there in the first quarter based on the current price. But, we think 24% over the year, plus or minus the impact from corporate-owned life insurance. And just as a reminder, the corporate-owned life insurance creates non-taxable gains when the equity markets are up and does the opposite when equity markets are down and that's sort of the impact to the tax rate in that type of environment. And what was the second part of your question?
Steven Chubak: Sorry, just contacts around third party cash sweep yields whether you're seeing any return of bank demand, especially in light of Fed tapering and maybe faster, are these rate hikes happening sooner than anticipated?
Paul Shoukry: I would say that we are not seeing an improvement in third party bank demand. And so we would -- I would say see more pressure on the capacity than the rate, because I think we're going to try to manage the rate based on shifting the lack of capacity at this type of rate to either our balance sheet and investing in other assets essentially. And that gets helped with an acquisition like the TriState acquisition, for example, bringing more balances on the balance sheet. The bank growth is anticipated to be strong. Our bank, Raymond James Bank, growth is anticipated to be strong this year as well and we can also accelerate purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities, if that demand from third-party banks doesn't pick up. And that all is really expected with the contract maturities in the second half of the fiscal year. So as we get closer to that I think we'll be able to provide you more clarity on what the demand looks -- the demand profile looks like at that time.
Steven Chubak: Fair enough. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Bailey: Hi, this is actually Ryan Bailey on behalf of Alex. The first question I had was really just a clarification on some of the comments on comp pressure. Is that specifically related to non-adviser comp expense? It sounded like that was within PCG. Or is that related to additional pressure on TA packages over the payout grade?
Paul Reilly: No. I think the TA pressure is -- again we talked last year that we adjusted TA to be more in market. And I think it shows in our recruiting we're doing very well. So I don't see any additional TA pressure. But the pressure that we're really seeing is on the admin support across whether it's operations, tech, risk, branch professionals there's just -- there's -- the comp is under pressure for the whole industry. I know that from roundtables every firm talks about it that they're having longer to recruit. Recruiters are being recruited away. So, they're having a harder time hiring. We see packages come in. So we know there is just -- we see comp pressure. And until I think the market more normalizes and there's more of a return across the sector that could continue for the year. So, it's a general comment. We're not -- I'm just saying there's a bias that line could be more impacted than some things, but we'll see throughout this year.
Ryan Bailey: Got it. Okay. And maybe then just another quick question on the bank. I think Paul you just mentioned that you're expecting still strong growth in Raymond James Bank. Is there any sort of impacts more tactically just given the acquisitions or sort of business as usual in growing around the bank?
Paul Shoukry: No. We have plenty of funding and capital for them to continue growing at their strong growth rates, so long as they can find assets that generate good risk-adjusted returns which is their mandate to be deliberate and patient but also opportunistic. So there's no shift in sort of their growth trajectory or anticipated growth trajectory due to the acquisition.
Ryan Bailey: Got it. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well, I think that's the last question operator. So I want to thank everyone for joining the call. Clearly, I don't like using the word record so much but actually I do like it. I like having them I just don't like using the word because we're not bragging firm. But I'm very proud of the results and our people and how they've navigated this very, very tough time. As of now with the economy things look solid but we know they're going to turn. So we always pride ourselves in being balanced. And I thank you for joining the call and we'll talk to you again next quarter.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining me a joint call with Raymond James Financial and TriState Capital Holdings. This call is being recorded and a replay will be available on the Investor Relations page of the Company's website at www.raymondjames.com and investors.tristatecapitalbank.com. Now, I'll turn the conference call over to Kristie Waugh, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James financial.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning. Thank you, Jamie. Thank you everyone for joining us as we discuss Raymond James Financial announced acquisition of TriState Capital Holdings. With us on the call today are Raymond James Chairman and CEO, Paul Reilly; CFO, Paul Shoukry; and Jim Getz, Chairman and CEO of TriState Capital Holdings. Also available during the Q&A portion of the call are David Demas, TriState Capital, CFO; Brian Fetterolf, President and CEO of TriState Capital Bank; and Tim Riddle, Chartwell Investment Partners' CEO. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James Investor Relations websites. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Statements including in this communication which are not historical in nature are intended to be and are hereby identified as forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provided by Section 27-A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements included, but are not limited to statements about the benefits of the proposed acquisition of TriState Capital by Raymond James, including future financial and operating results, including the anticipated effects of the transaction on Raymond James' and TriState Capital's respective earnings, statements related to the expected timing of the completion of the transaction Raymond James' plans post-transaction, objectives, expectations, intentions, and other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements may be identified by terminology such as may, will, should, schedule, plans, intends, anticipates, expects, believes, estimates, potential, or continue or negatives of such terms or other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of Raymond James or TriState Capital to differ materially from any results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include the ones listed in yesterday's press release concerning the transaction. Additional factors which could affect future results for Raymond James and TriState Capital can be found in Raymond James' annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K; and TriState Capital's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K in each case filed with the SEC and available on SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Raymond James and TriState Capital disclaims any obligation and do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this communication, which speak only as of the date hereof whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by federal securities laws. As forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements. Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to TriState Capital Holdings' Chairman and CEO, Jim Getz. Mr. Getz?
Jim Getz: Thank you very much, Kristie. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'd like to personally welcome Paul Reilly and Paul Shoukry to Pittsburgh. It's an honor and a pleasure to have you with us. While the third quarter results we reported yesterday will not be the focus of our comments today, we believe that they are indicative of the performance that attracted the attention of Raymond James in the first place. Once again, each of our asset management, private banking, commercial banking businesses contributed to strong organic growth and quarterly revenue, net interest income, net income, and net income available to common shareholders as well as the 69% increase in earnings per share over the same period last year. At Chartwell Investment Partners, our team's performance continued to attract positive net inflows, totaling some $499 million from institutional and retail clients year-to-date along with double digit organic growth in assets under management and revenue. TriState Capital's middle-market commercial lending team also continued to deliver differentiated results with nearly 15% full year organic growth over the last 12 months. And we continue to enhance TriState Capital's position as the nation's leading independent provider of private banking securities based loans, primarily collateralized by marketable securities. These loans grew organically by 39% over the last 12 months to surpass 6 billion or 63% of total loans. Our national distribution network for this offering also continued to grow, numbering 322 independent investment advisory firms, trust companies, broker dealers, regional securities firms, family offices, insurance companies, and other financial intermediaries. Our agile and responsive funding mechanism continues to perform as a design, including our national treasury and liquidity management services for sophisticated clients. Treasury management deposit account balances were up more than $1 billion during the past 12 months and 2.45 billion since we launched the offering. Overall, TriState Capital has continued to deliver profitable and responsible organic growth, and we fully expect this record of success to continue. In fact, we expect to further accelerate our progress in partnership with our friends at Raymond James. So now, let's discuss the announcement we made jointly with Raymond James yesterday afternoon. We believe the transaction is an extraordinarily opportunity for all of our stakeholders. For our clients, there are many clear benefits. They will continue to be served by the same talented people our clients deal with on a daily basis as TriState Capital and Chartwell will continue to operate independently within Raymond James. The technology, we've invested heavily and it will remain in place, including what we've deployed to provide an exceptional client experience. In addition, we believe the combination of our balance sheets will provide ample capital and liquidity to meet our clients' needs through commercial and securities-backed lending. Furthermore, Raymond James will bring us additional resources to continue investing in people, products and technology to help us further strengthen our client relationships. For our common stockholders, this transaction provides full and fair pricing not only reflecting TriState Capital's high growth trajectory since its 2007 founding, but the foundation we have built to realize its growth potential in the years ahead. By receiving the vast majority of the purchase price in the RJF common stock, we have partnered with a company that has generated strong returns for its shareholders since going public in 1983. For our employees, we intend to maintain the entire workforce of TriState Capital and Chartwell, joining a partner that shares our commitment to responsive client service, rewarding results and the entrepreneurial mindset that enabled us to attract some of the best in the business to our organization. Very importantly, we can also take tremendous pride and the opportunity to be part of a larger organization. It is one of the most highly regarded diversified financial service companies in the nation. Raymond James shares our most important core values, including independence, a long-term perspective, integrity, and putting clients squarely at the center of everything we do and every decision we make. We could not be more pleased to be partnering with Raymond James to take TriState Capital and Chartwell to the next level of success. So, it is my pleasure to introduce Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Raymond James, Paul Reilly.
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Jim, and I can't tell you how excited really to be here with you in Pittsburgh alongside your management team to discuss this transaction, which will bring together two strong franchises that always put clients first and make decisions for the long term. As we discussed at our Analyst and Investor Day in June, investing in a long-term profitable growth has always been how we prioritize our utilization of capital. And this announcement further reinforces our commitment to utilizing our strong capital position to drive attractive returns for shareholders. While we have primarily grown organically, we make acquisitions only on a very selective basis. When we have the conviction that the combination of the two firms will make each other stronger, which we are confident will be the case when TriState Capital and Chartwell join the Raymond James family. The primary reason we've been successful at acquiring and integrating firms is because we have stayed true to our acquisition criteria. The transaction first and foremost has to be a strong cultural fit, has to have a great strategic reason and have to make financial sense for our shareholders. I'm pleased to say that TriState Capital checks all those boxes first and foremost starting with the culture. Similar to our own TriState has a terrific client-centric franchise focused on serving clients with premier banking and asset management services. They value independence and have an entrepreneurial culture and energy that has propelled their consistent success. We've known each other for a while, first as our largest deposit client. But over the last few years, we followed the firm work closely and admired its leadership position in offering securities based lending or SBLs through a scalable and robust technology platform. And in addition to what Jim has already mentioned, we believe there are many strategic benefits to both firms in this combination and I'll outline a few in a minute. The first beginning on Slide 4, I appreciate some of you listening may not be familiar with Raymond James. So let me provide a quick overview. Raymond James is a leading diversified financial services company. We are an S&P 500 and Fortune 400 company. 10 years ago we set out to be the premier alternative to Wall Street, which means we wanted to keep a regional boutique family-oriented firm, reflecting our culture, yet growth to a size and scale that we can compete with the largest providers in our industry and provide the absolute best service and solutions to our advisors and clients. Our primary business is our Private Client Group or we refer to as PCG, where we serve more than 8,400 financial advisors in the U.S, Canada, and the UK who manage more than 1.2 trillion in client assets through multiple affiliation options. PCG is by far our largest business accounting for two thirds of our revenue and closer to 80%, if you include ancillary revenues related to asset management and banking services to those clients. So this business is really the lifeblood of most everything we do. Our other businesses include capital markets business, which serves clients with M&A activity, equity and debt underwriting, and equity and fixed income sales and trading. Our bank's subsidiary Raymond James Bank has assets of nearly 35 billion serving corporation and PCG clients. Our asset management subsidiary, Carillon Tower Associates, which operates a multi-boutique structure and manages retail and institutional fixed income and equity strategies of approximately 69 billion. We always strive to be extremely well-capitalized and have over two times the regulatory capital to be considered well capitalized and have a strong investment grade credit rating including an A minus rating with Fitch. TriState Capital on Slide 5, there's a quick snapshot of their business which Jim introduced at the beginning of the call. The firm has had strong growth trajectory since inception. TriState Capital has annualized net revenues of 244 million and a pre-tax income of 92 million, representing a 38% tax margin pretax margin. The firm operates an efficient bank model with total assets of 12 billion and total loans of nearly $10 billion. In the past I've joked that Raymond James has one branch and two ATM's and no plans to double either. And I'm happy to say TriState is one of the only banks in the country that keeps me honest on that statement, as they don't have any branches or ATM's. TriState Capital is a leading provider of securities based lending and has a terrific digital lending platform and robust risk management and technology system. Lastly, Chartwell Investment Partners the firm's asset management business has assets under management of approximately 11 billion, which will fit nicely under Carillon Tower Associates, a multi-boutique model. Moving to Slide 6. There are several key benefits to this combination. First, as I mentioned earlier, we are culturally aligned with strong values and a shared client focus, makes TriState Capital a leader in the attractive and high growth security space lending business, generating tremendous growth enabled by its innovative digital lending technology platform and supported by a robust risk and collateral management technology system. Additionally, through the client class cash suite program, Raymond James has stable and large deposit base that can provide TriState with relatively low cost funding to fuel its high growth levels. And through a second bank charter, we will remain separately -- it will remain separately branded. Raymond James can provide internal FDIC insurance deposit capacity to Raymond James Private Client Groups clients. Also TriState Capital diversified Raymond James funding sources through its natural treasury management and liquidity management services for its sophisticated clients. Next TriState Capital has an excellent track record for maintaining strong credit quality across its private banking and commercial lending portfolios. Lastly, Carillon Tower Associates and Chartwell Investment Partners are complementary asset management businesses and will leverage Carillon Towers Associates multi-boutique structure to increase scale, drive distribution and realize operational and market synergies. Moving to Slide 7. Raymond James is a firm centered on core values. We have always put clients first. We act with integrity. We're conservative and we take a long-term view and we value our independence, and the TriState Capital family shares these values, which we always knew, but that align -- that became even more evident as we went through the due diligence process together. TriState Capital has an incredible management team, which is evident across every business and function in the organization. Under the continued leadership of Jim Getz, TriState will continue to operate autonomously, keeping their brand name, their client relationships, their pricing decisions, their dedicated employees, their offices, their separate client technology, their separate data systems and their separate bank subsidiary. We will preserve TriState's independence to ensure they maintain the entrepreneurial spirit that has been instilled by Jim and the entire management theme. TriState will serve their independent clients and not serve on the Raymond James platform. Moving to Slide 8. Through its investment banking business, TriState Capital is a leading provider of security-based loans to financial advisors. They have relationships with financial advisors as numerous broker dealers, RIA custodians, trust companies, and other financial intermediaries. We know and love the SBL business as Raymond James Banks provides SBL exclusively to our private client, group clients. Both firms have enjoyed tremendous growth in these portfolios over the past several years. And as most of you know, SBL loans are fully collateralized by marketable securities and have zero percent risk weight, resulting in an excellent risk adjusted returns. TriState Capital's SBL balances grew at a compounded 29% annual rate from 2016 to 2020, and actually accelerated that growth year-to-date. Similarly, Raymond James SBL balances grew rapidly during the same period. Looking at the pro form combined loan mix, SBLs we grow from 21% of Raymond James total loan portfolio as of June 30th to 33% on a pro forma basis, including TriState Capital's loan balances. Again, this was a very attractive asset class providing excellent risk adjusted returns with significant head room for more growth at Raymond James and across the industry. On Slide 9, TriState Capital's leading digital lending platform and robust collateral management technology systems have supported strong loan growth in a reasonable and scalable manner. This technology is a true differentiator in the marketplace bolstering TriState dominant capital in the SBL business. On Slide 10. This combination provides significant deposits and capital synergies. As of June 30, Raymond James had approximately 63 billion in its clients' domestic cash suite balances. The vast majority of those balances are held at Raymond James Bank Deposit Program or RJBDP where clients' cash balances are swept into interest bearing deposit accounts at RJ Bank and various third-party banks. By tweaking cash into RJBDP, clients receive a higher aggregate FDIC insurance by spreading those deposits across multiple banks within the program. RJBDP is a source of relatively low cost deposits, stable deposits for RJ Bank, and relied upon to fund its asset growth. As of June 30, $29 billion was swept into Raymond James Bank, which has a weighted average cost of deposits of 8 basis points, which includes a small amount of higher core at deposit sources. TriState Capital has deposits of approximately $10.3 billion and has a weighted average costs for 41 basis points. While we both share the objective that continued to strengthen and grow its independent deposit franchise, the portion of the current and future deposits is expected to be replaced by lower costs RJBDP balances, helping fund TriState's rapid growth in a more profitable manner. Furthermore, having a second bank charter could provide more internal FDIC insurance deposit capability to Raymond James' Private Client Group clients is especially valuable in this environment, where demands for deposits from unaffiliated banks has meaningfully declined over the past 12 months. Turning the Slide 11, TriState Capital's deposits, which are sourced through numerous client relationships would diversify funding sources for Raymond James, which will become particularly valuable when deposits become precious in our industry again. TriState has also invested heavily in technology to support its treasury management business, which is led by 13 dedicated and experienced professionals and serve nearly 500 clients. On Slide 12. As the slide shows, both firms have a history of strong credit quality. TriState Capital highly experienced lending and credit management teams combined with its discipline loan approval processing and collateral monitoring system have led the super credit quality across the entire portfolio, similar to Raymond James Bank. TriState truly has a fantastic commercial lending business, which is primarily sourced directly in select markets and is very relationship focused. Another similarity is both Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank are concentrated in floating rate assets, which is nearly 94% of TriState Capital Bank assets being floating rate, providing significant upside in a rising short-term interest rate environment. Turning to Slide 13. Carillon Tower Advisers and Chartwell Investment Partners will pro forma combined assets under management of approximately 80 billion are complementary asset management businesses. Chartwell will operate as a subsidiary of Carillon, while maintaining an independent brand and management, allowing Chartwell to leverage Carillon's multi-boutique structure to increase scale, drive distribution, and realize operational and marketing synergies. Turning to Slide 14, our capital position is strong with well over 2x the required levels of regulatory capital to be considered well capitalized. This transaction structure and consideration mix allows current TriState Capital shareholders to participate in the future upside while also enabling Raymond James to maintain our strong liquidity and capital positions with expected flexibility to repurchase shares to offset dilution associated with the transaction post closing. We believe this sufficed deployment of liquidity and capital allows for further ability to maintain the dividend policy, buy-back stock to offset dilution, and support continued loan growth. We are maintaining our commitment to deploy excess capital, achieve a Tier 1 leverage ratio of approximately 10%, which will be significantly accelerated by this transaction. Now, I will turn the call over to Paul Shoukry to provide an overview of the transaction. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thanks, Paul. It is truly a privilege to be here this morning with the TriState Capital team to discuss this exciting transaction. Turning to some of the details on the transaction on Slide 15. Under the terms of the agreement, Raymond James will acquire TriState Capital and the combination cash and stock transaction. TriState Capital commons stockholders will receive $6 cash and 0.25 Raymond James shares for each TriState Capital share, which represents per share consideration of $31.09 based on the closing price of Raymond James common stock on October 19, 2021. Raymond James has entered into an agreement with the sole holder of the TriState Capital Series C perpetual noncumulative convertible non-voting preferred stock pursuant to which the Series C convertible preferred will be converted into common shares at the prescribed exchange ratio and cashed out at $30 per share. The TriState Capital Series A and Series B preferred stock is expected to remain outstanding and be converted into preferred stock of Raymond James. Importantly, as both Jim and Paul explained, TriState Capital will continue operating as a separately branded firm and as a standalone division and subsidiary of Raymond James with Jim Getz remaining as TriState Capital Holdings' Chairman and CEO; Brian Fetterolf remaining as TriState Capital Bank CEO; and Tim Riddle remaining as Chartwell's CEO. Management and approximately 350 associates are expected to remain with the firm in its existing office locations to support TriState Capital's continue growth and maintain their very high service levels. To support this retention, the transaction includes $15 million of two year retention for certain associates. And importantly many of TriState Capital's employees have existing retention in place currently north of $50 million worth, which will remain in place like converting to an equivalent value of Raymond James stock retention post-closing. Both Boards have approved this transaction and this acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval and approval by TriState Capital shareholders and is expected to close sometime in 2022. This timing will largely depend on the timing of the regulatory approvals. We project the transaction to be accretive to diluted earnings per share in the first full year post-closing, excluding acquisition related expenses, and over 8% accretion in diluted earnings per share after the third year. And that assumes the full stock based consideration issued as part of this transaction. The accretion estimates increased meaningfully by approximately 400 basis points, assuming share repurchases post-closing to offset share shares issued as part of the transaction consideration. We believe we would have sufficient capital and liquidity to do so [Audio Gap] funding sources. So, we will take a balanced approach focused on the long-term just as we always do. Finally, our accretion estimates assume short term interest rates increased 50 basis points in 2023 and another 50 basis points in 2024 for a total increase of a 100 basis points over the next three years. It's important to note that 94% of TriState Capital's assets are floating rate. So this transaction significantly increases our upside exposure to higher short term interest rates. And we only model that TriState Capital's NIM would increase around 30 basis points to around 2% after the first 100 basis points of rate increases, which is well below their NIM prior to the pandemic. Now, let me flip to Slide 16 to provide a summary of the total consideration. The total consideration for the transaction will be about $354 million of cash and 7.8 million shares of Raymond James stock. At RJF's current stock price this represents total consideration of around $1.1 billion between the cash and the stock. This table also breaks out the components of the capital instruments reflected in this total consideration. Before I hand the call back over to Paul, let me explain our projected impact to our Tier 1 leverage ratio, which we have guided to work down to 10% overtime, still twice the regulatory requirement. This transaction meaningfully accelerates our glide path to hitting this goal, as we would expect an impact of about 150 to 200 basis points upon closing based on the current consideration mix. And we would expect around another 100 basis points of incremental impact if we repurchase shares to offset the equity consideration in this transaction, which is our current expectation. So a total impact to our Tier 1 leverage ratio of somewhere around 250 to 300 basis points. But remember, we also expect our current ratio to grow between now and closing, given our earnings and restrictions on buying back stock between now and closing. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly. Paul.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul. And I know for those of you who followed us a long time, sometimes people think we're too deliberate and we were hoarding capital, but I think we've always said we're going to strike when we think it's a great deal for shareholders in the long term. And we are extremely excited about this transaction and could not be more optimistic about the growth prospects for TriState as part of the Raymond James family. Jim and I are both confident the transaction will yield positive outcomes for TriState Capital's associates and their clients, and that our shareholders will benefit over the long term. I know there's a lot of questions. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to the operator. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Congrats on the deal. Paul, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the benefits from the deal beyond the loan portfolios that are coming on, the premium you're paying at the 8% ABS accretion suggest that there is room for significant growth and synergies between the two businesses. And I know you mentioned some of the synergies and on the asset management side and also the digital lending platform and the risk management technology that TriState brings. Can you help us understand what additional synergies you see versus having grown the SBL and the commercial loan portfolio organically?
Paul Reilly: Well, first, I mean, I don't think we have the market to grow the SBLs organically because our bank will continue to be there to service the Raymond James clients. TriState is a whole different business serving independent advisers, RIAs and will continue to be separate. And it's kind of one of these unique transactions that you have a high-quality organization that's very fast growing that needs capital and needs deposits. First, they're going to service their client deposit needs. But beyond that, they need deposits. And we have excess capital and we have excess deposits that we have difficult to deploying at a good cost. So not only do they get low-cost deposits, but we're going to earn a lot higher spread on that cash than we would depositing on our own. And we just see with their growth and our growth, just a tremendous financial opportunity over time. So keeping them independent is important to make sure their independent clients know that their data, their operations and their technology is separate. No different than Carillon Towers, where we have a lot of firms and advisers use our funds that aren't with us, but everything is separate, and they service their clients. TriState will continue to service their clients, but we believe just the financial arbitrage on deposits as they grow will be significant. And so it's just like two organizations doing the same thing, a little different markets with a perfect fit, one meeting capital and deposits and one having excess capital and deposits. And we see tremendous loan growth opportunity at TriState as we do at Raymond James Bank with different markets and different customers.
Manan Gosalia: Okay. Great. And then another question I'm getting this morning is why structure the deal with a large equity component, which you will eventually buy back? Is there -- are there some restrictions around what you can do with your capital until you buy back the stock? And is there -- why not just do more cash right now as opposed to doing stock and then buying back the stock later on?
Paul Reilly: I think it's kind of pretty simple. You have a buyer and a seller, the buyer was happy to use all cash. The buyer wanted -- the seller wanted stock. So, we structured the transaction because that's what they wanted. It shows a long-term commitment by the management team, which are large holders, and Jim is the founder -- hold Raymond James stock, which we believe is good for the long term, both retention and management. And we will buy back stock when we're permitted after the transaction -- till the transaction closes. By SEC rules, we have restrictions. But we will buy back stock to kind of simulate more of a cash buy back when we can. So we would have been happy to use it for cash. It wasn't a restriction. But -- and this was what took to get the transaction done, and we felt that from a retention standpoint, probably long term, we were better off to have them invested in our future also.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Just to follow up on that, is there a time frame within which you would buy back the stock after the deal is completed?
Paul Reilly: Yes, we will -- you can never predict what's going to happen in markets and everything else. But we're essentially until it closes, are going to be restricted from buying back stock. So I don't know if these average transactions take six months, plus or minus, could be shorter, could be longer. So it's going to be -- we're going to have to clear that hurdle. And then our plan today is to be much more aggressive in buying back stock to make this transaction more look like a cash purchase.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think just to reinforce that, this would not be modeled like our typical messaging around buying back stock on an opportunistic basis. This would be a much more deliberate action with a more tailored objective. So it will be pretty quickly following closing, subject to volumes and other things, obviously.
Manan Gosalia: Okay. Great. I'll hop back in the queue and congrats again on the deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Devin Ryan: Congratulations to both sides here on the announcement. I guess just kind of following up on the previous line of questioning. Just trying to get a little bit better sense around TriState's growth over the last year, I mean, tremendous momentum on the bank. And if we can just dig in a little bit more to what drove that, what TriState was doing well. And then as we think about the combination with Raymond James, clearly, you're adding capital, adding resources, adding funding efficiency, could that growth have been even better over the last 12 months if this deal, say, happened a year ago, so was there opportunity left on the table? And just think about kind of the growth potential moving forward, how should we be modeling that now that we have this combination? And then also, if you can touch just a little bit more on Chartwell and what the opportunities are there specifically and can you accelerate growth? Or is it more just you're providing a more robust platform and infrastructure that they can leverage? Like how should we think about the ability to actually expand assets and work with more clients there?
Paul Reilly: So Devin, a good multipart question there. So a lot of areas to cover. First, the SBL market is a big market. If you look at the industry, as you know, marginally, the traditional source of funding can only be used for securities. If you look at the industry that really the SBL market has been the growth market and margin has been pretty flat. So it is the preferred financing method -- mechanism. For most broker-dealers or independent RIAs, they either, have to go to a one-off bank relationship, which isn't technology-driven, isn't efficient. Or start their own bank, which isn't cheap and brings on extra regulators, or go to really very limited alternatives in the marketplace. So TriState saw this trend, created really a leading technology where they could go to these independent advisers, RIAs and other people and allow them to go on to their platform and efficiently, not only put the loan on but have it effectively and quickly approved and really have SBLs where there really wasn't another source, except a very, very cumbersome one-off business. So they saw that. the market's growing. And I'll tell you that I think their only limitation has been how fast can they process it and how much capital and cash they need because the market is huge. I think they're into the second or third inning into the SBL penetration, given where they started and given their capital, they've done a great job. But if you look at volumes and requests, I think they've actually had slower growth because of the capital cash and operational funding. They're growing fast for their size organization, but I think they're very disciplined managers, and we're going to make sure that they grew thoughtfully and within their capital and cash raising needs. So I think, with us, and they believe too with that extra deposit base to fund those loans and extra capital, they could have grown much more quickly. And if you look into the future, now that the technology platform is really mature, I think with the capital and funding sources they will be able to grow substantially now. There's only so much you can do when you're ramping up, too. So they're very focused on quality and service to their existing clients. But yes, I think the growth opportunity, I think, they're in the early innings. I think they're a leader. And we're willing to invest more capital in their investments and their technology and growth. And we both believe strongly that they will grow quicker and more efficiently. So that's the reason, that's the synergy. It's just -- it's a unique point in time where two organizations that think the same have opposite needs on capital and liquidity. And putting our load -- as you know, the challenge to earn off our deposits, to put our lower cost deposits in where they can earn a significant spread based on what they're earning, it's going to be very accretive for everybody. And so we're very confident, as confident as you can be in any market, things can happen in the market, but long term. And right now, if you look at market outlook, short term, it should be very, very synergistic. And I think the growth will continue to be strong, much stronger than we can do it. We only lend at Raymond James Bank to Raymond James Bank, Private Client Group, and that's going to be the structure. They will end to other advisers outside of the Raymond James family -- separately, not on our platform.
Paul Shoukry: And as far as Chartwell goes, we think that's an exciting opportunity as well. They have around $11 billion of assets under management. And Carillon Tower Advisers has the multi-boutique structure. And the Chartwell will be able to tap into that distribution to further enhance their client relationships. They have very good products on the -- particularly on the fixed income side. They have high-grade, high-yield type products, both short intermediate term products that have been generating pretty good net flows over the last couple of years. And so that will be synergistic with our Carillon Tower Advisers multi-boutique affiliation model, keeping their separate brand and independence just like all the Scout and Reams and other affiliates under that umbrella.
Devin Ryan: Okay, terrific. And just a real quick follow-up. I think I know the answer here, but as you think about just the pro forma mix of the bank or the aggregate bank balance sheet with TriState Bank as well, is there any consideration of mix shift? Or are you comfortable SBLs are obviously high quality, safe kind of loan. But on the commercial side, like is there any consideration of the pro forma mix evolving at all and that could dictate how much capital you allocate to allow growth to occur in Tristate? Or is it to the extent they see good opportunities, let them grow as fast as they can?
Paul Shoukry: We're going to want to continue to facilitate our combined growth, Devin. I mean the thresholds that you're referring to are thresholds that we set maybe 15 years ago when our bank was primarily a corporate lender. And so we were really setting those thresholds to manage credit risk on the balance sheet. But with the change in mix, SBLs now would represent 33% on a pro forma basis of those overall loan mix. And then a lot of our bank today and their bank has securities portfolio with very limited credit risk, they have investment-grade corporates in their securities portfolio. And as you know, our securities portfolio is all agency-backed mortgages. And so we -- some of those thresholds we set 10 to 15 years ago really don't apply in the same way now that we're a much more diversified banking institution. But most importantly, Raymond James has always been and will always be a Private Client Group-focused firm. And so that represents, let's say, 67% of our revenues now. This transaction does not change that mix and nor do we want to change that mix. We always want to focus, first and foremost, on the Private Client Group business because that is the lifeblood of almost all of our other businesses and will actually be part of the lifeblood of TriState Capital as well as we use the deposits. The internal FDIC insurance capacity which is a benefit to our clients, particularly in this market with third-party bank demand for deposits has declined to almost nothing. It will increase FDIC insurance for our Private Client Group clients and help fund synergistically TriState [Audio Gap].
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven Chubak: Congrats on the deal, everybody. Certainly, a really interesting transaction. First, I just wanted to start off with just a question on the assumptions underpinning some of the merger math or accretion math. I was hoping you could just outline what you're assuming in terms of revenue, SBL growth and expense synergies that are underpinning that 8% accretion assumption. And I was hoping to get some insight into just how the compensation model works at TSC. As we think about incremental revenue growth, what's a reasonable assumption in terms of the marginal margin for every dollar of revenues?
Paul Shoukry: Thanks, Steven. We -- as you know, we model fairly conservatively. So they've had fantastic growth across their SBL and commercial lending portfolios. But we don't straight-line that type of growth -- those type of growth rates in our projections. So in most of those cases, we're essentially cutting their historical growth rates almost in half, which would actually still be good growth over the next five years, frankly, just given how strong the growth has been. But we wanted to be conservative in our modeling. And actually, your model, Steven, that I saw last night, was reasonable. I think the only major difference was we're factoring in increases in short-term rates starting two years from now in years two and three, 50 basis points each. So we get some, obviously, uplift there given that 94% of their assets are floating rate assets. So this gives us a lot more exposure to higher short-term rates. And then as far as expense synergies go, really, it's mostly from the replacement of the $3 billion of deposits in year one and then 75% of the funded growth going forward coming from our lower cost deposit base. But again, it's important to mention -- three years ago, when we first met with Jim, the reason we were talking is because we needed another charter to provide more internal FDIC insurance capacity, and we wanted to diversify our funding sources because, as you may recall, I know sometimes we forget, but just two years ago, cash was precious. And I think we all believe that cash will become precious again. And so having a diversified funding source, which TriState has an excellent one, is not something that we want to diminish in value over the next couple of years just to get short-term accretion. We want to continue strengthening their -- particularly their treasury management operation. They've got great technology there and great client relationships. And so that's going to be an area of focus for us as well as kind of continuing to diversify the funding sources for the firm overall. So we're well positioned when funding becomes scarce again.
Steven Chubak: Thanks for that perspective, Paul. And since you brought the point of rates, I have a multifaceted question, at least on that topic. I'm curious how much the transaction actually increases your overall rate sensitivity? And SBL appetite has historically been much stronger during periods of low rates. Was hoping you could help handicap the impact that higher rates can actually have on SBL growth going forward.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. That's part of the reason we significantly reduced kind of the growth rate going forward in our upgrade scenario. And so in terms of the exposure, again, 94% of their assets are floating rate assets on the bank balance sheet. So it's pretty straightforward. And then even the parts that are fixed rate, our securities with relatively little duration that we price over time and higher rates, too. So it gives us much more exposure to a higher short-term interest rate environment going forward.
Steven Chubak: Got it. And just final one for me, just on managing conflicts and potential revenue dissynergies. Recognizing that TSC is going to operate independently. And how do you handicap the risk that TSC clients may be reluctant to partner with one of their largest competitors? And how do you manage also the potential conflict for TSC sales personnel are getting compensated for marketing SBL product, whereas Ray J advisers or not? I mean I recognize that Ray J historically has had more of a, let's call it, pull versus push approach to marketing SBL products. I just want to get a sense of how you're mitigating some of those potential conflicts.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So first, I think as we're in an industry that everyone competes and uses each other's products and services, if you take any of the funds there, Carillon Towers, Promontory was owned by Bank of New York. I mean, it's just on and on and on and on. So the question is for their clients is, are they really going to be independent? And the answer is yes, their operational data, just like in Carillon, everything they do is going to be separate. They're not going to -- their salespeople are not going to call on Raymond James. It's very, very different. So I think the key is being able to show people that, one, they're independent. The Raymond James name won't appear on any client statements on any information. It will be just TriState, very important to put separately branding. And we're just not going to interfere with the business that's been very, very successful. And I think that when people see that happen, just like in the mutual fund business or other products and services, they'll see that and the pricing is all determined by TriState, they'll see that it's a good deal, and they have a great client relationships, so why would they change? The change, there's probably one other competitor that's associated with the financial services organization or you start a bank. So the question is if you're going to be in the SBL business, do you do it yourself or you need a bank you go where you just do one-off relationships where you don't have the technology and systems that are integrating. You don't have to service the platform that TriState's built, or do you go to another competitor that has their name on the statements -- for their clients, I mean. So I think the choice will be pretty clear. I think we're a trusted name. We've operated this way in Carillon Towers for many years. And we are committed to keeping that independence because if we don't, we'll just mess up the business that we paid a fair but good price for, and so why would we do that? And so I think that most people will watch. And if we do what we say we'll do, they'll be very comfortable, and they'll see that independence. So it's not an issue for us. That's how we've operated in other segments, and we plan to continue to operate here that way.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Alexander Blostein: So Paul, maybe just a question on M&A strategy broadly. If you look at the type of deals you guys have done over the last couple of years that were on the smaller side of things and focus more on kind of the advisory investment banking, maybe some asset management and sort of not more kind of balance sheet focused type of transactions. Does that signal at all that you guys are willing to look a little bit broader? I'm assuming for now this kind of takes you out of the acquisition market for a little bit of time, but just thinking about the type of deals that you could contemplate going forward.
Paul Reilly: I think that we haven't changed our focus. We've always said that our number one was if we could get a group of great advisers to join us or firm, we'd do that. But there are very few firms and they're private and generally not for sale. We've looked at -- we've continued and will continue to focus on growing the M&A platform, and even in all of our businesses, asset management. But we've said we are going to look further afield as we've purchased Northwest Securities in our processing for retirement plans or other technology platforms that would help service advisers. This, we believe -- ironically, you can buy those firms, but you don't deploy a lot of capital. You deploy cash, but it doesn't really affect your Tier 1 ratio. We can't grow the bank fast enough really to get back our Tier 1 down. So the choices are what's a better investment buying stock or really investing in something that's extremely high-quality, a growth engine where we can get a good return on that capital. And we believe that TriState's one of this. We really haven't looked at acquiring banks. We've been approached many times for banking franchises, but they really don't do anything for us. We buy assets, we use capital, but there's no real strategic advantage, except a bigger loan portfolio. And here, we have everything we've been looking at and banking a great technology, a high growth engine, a high-quality management team, we think a long-term growth business. It needs our capital and cash, which is what we want to deploy. And I think it's going to help us grow for a long, long period of time. So that was the reason for it. I don't think it changes -- in that sense, it's one-off. We don't plan to look for another bank. But we do plan to continue focusing on our core businesses, and we're happy with growing TriState Capital and Raymond James Bank. I think that we have a good mix and balance on deploying capital into areas we really like, which is really the Private Client Group and retail-oriented products of SBLs and mortgages. So that's always been in our game plan. This was just a very unusual opportunity and I think one of a kind to really accelerate that.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. And maybe the only thing I would add, Alex, is while this is a significant transaction for us. We will still have plenty of balance sheet capacity and flexibility to pursue other acquisitions. And unlike a major Private Client Group acquisition, which would have significant integration implications, we're really keeping the TriState Capital separate where there's not going to be a technology or systems integration on the back end that would be highly disruptive to our technology or operations team. So saying all of that to say, we're still open for business on the acquisition front. But we're going to be, just as we always have, extremely deliberate, patient, and run all the opportunities through the acquisition criteria that Paul Reilly mentioned on the call earlier.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I just want to reinforce, if you look at Charles Stanley transaction in the U.K., again they have the back office and service, and we really aren't doing -- integrating them into our systems. Here, it's the same thing. They're going to have their own systems in operation. There's going to be kind of -- it will impact the financial reporting and how it rolls up. That's really it, the business will continue. So we don't see a high demand on -- certainly on relationships and getting to know each other and seeing what tools we can help each other with. But it's going to be independent and there isn't that lift. So we have the capability and bandwidth if something comes up to react to it.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Christopher Allen from Compass Point. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher Allen: Congrats on the deal. I was wondering if you could give us some color maybe from the TSC side, what are the barriers to entry for competitors starting up a similar platform?
Jim Getz: To be quite honest, we have very limited formidable competition in the marketplace. And by that, essentially, there are two other parties we periodically come across. You may have heard of a company called Goldman Sachs. They have an entity that goes out into the -- if you're speaking specifically about the private banking business that we have, that they have an entity that solicits that type of business. And there's a Bancorp. Bancorp in Delaware that's out there. But by far, we've been able to get the dominant market share of this business and continue to grow our business pretty dramatically. And it's what I would characterize as responsible growth. All these loans are over-collateralized, priced to the market on a daily basis and highly liquid. And then if you take a look at our commercial banking business, we've carved out a niche there in all the businesses across the board, whether it's Chartwell or commercial banking or private banking. We have highly experienced individuals. We have very little turnover at our company. And we look at it as we've built a foundation now of over $12 billion of assets. And what we're doing today with our friends at Raymond James is not about where we are today. It's really about tomorrow and taking this company to a much higher pace and leveraging off what they've put in place over the years of a very strong balance sheet and income statement over their past 59-year history.
Paul Reilly: I think if you really look at what we were overly impressed with, was that we looked at our own SBL business where we serve our clients, our advisers and the technology and the systems that went into it. And when we did the due diligence, the sophistication of their front-end systems to be able to go into all these different advisers with different organizations and be able to get the SBL technology, which is obviously, you could see by the thoughtfulness and the robustness of the technology developed over a long period of time. And then as they're focusing on even speeding up their back-end processing and get these approved, when you're in the same organization, that flows a lot easier. When you're servicing multiple organizations, that technology gets to be critical, and has to be customed and integrated. And we were just really impressed with the technology and the systems they've developed and the lead they have and their continued development of it, which we will support. So that's really the barrier. You can say you want to do this. We could say at Raymond James Bank, we wanted to do this with -- we have all the systems, the process, SBLs and everything else. But if we went to third party, it takes years to really create a system that probably wouldn't even be competitive by the time we rolled it out, and we'd be even further behind from where TriState Capital is focusing their technology development. So it's -- they found a niche very early on, developed to it, created very robust technologies. And you can say you want to do it, but it's not an overnight thing. It would take years to do it. So that's the lead. And hopefully, the technology they continue to develop and invest just clearly sets some continually apart.
Jim Getz: If you look at our business, this is a company that has historically invested in their clients, their people, their infrastructure and their technology. And all you have to do is take a glance at our income statement. We have a separate category there for technology. And you can see the amount of money that we've been consistently investing anywhere from $3.5 million to $4.5 million every single quarter.
Paul Reilly: Yes. And I would just add, when you do this on a held-away basis across all the custodial platforms, each of those are key account relationships that effectively took years to develop. So the amount of expertise that's within the organization is -- and building this ecosystem, if you will, of how we work with those third-party custody platforms has taken over a decade to build. So basically, our technology we built around the expertise and the client experience that we knew we needed to deliver, which includes great things from an adviser perspective, ease of use, things like that. But from a custodial platform perspective, includes safety, soundness, security, all those things. So it's been a tremendous amount of work, both on the distribution side, the product development side, the technology side, all coming together to sort of manifest the business into technology. And we've -- again, as we talked about before, there are a couple of places where we've done that as well, treasury management. Paul, had referenced as well as in our fund finance and some other commercial verticals, where we think, again, our technology spend has built on expertise in the business that really separates us from others. We agree it would take a long time to replicate that on an organic basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Mitchell from Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
James Mitchell: Just maybe you have $25 billion of client deposits held away at third-party banks. You're targeting replacing $3 billion at TriState. That seems a little conservative. Is there a reason why you could replace more of that deposit funding more quickly? Or is it simply you want TriState to maintain those sweet relationships for longer-term growth?
Paul Reilly: We -- first, their business is a relationship business. So whether it's with their SBL clients or their commercial clients, it's an asset and liability business, both loans and deposits. So you can you can whisk away and say all your deposits are gone, but then you kind of destroy the relationship. So the key is, where we can, where those deposit relationships aren't critical or they're one-off, they'll use our deposits. But where they're key to the relationships on the lending side, they need to maintain those. So we don't want to destroy the franchise by saying, here, take out all these deposits and use ours, and we'll have a short-term gain, but a long-term hurting of the franchise. So that's the reason. So it could be more, but we're going to be very deliberate. We used, I think, what's a conservative target. But with their growth, we'll deploy more. And with -- if there's opportunities where they believe it doesn't match or the deposit relationships aren't important, they can utilize them. But we want them to maintain their client relationships, which is, again, both asset and liability oriented. You can't -- you can't sweep away one part of the relationship and assume the other part stays.
James Mitchell: No, that's all fair. But maybe on the flip side, with that $25 billion of client cash, you've -- does it change? Now you have a second bank charter, does it change the way you think about your capacity to hold client cash on yours or TriState's balance sheet, now that you have a second charter? Could you benefit from rising rates over the next couple of years by moving some of that cash on to the balance sheets?
Paul Reilly: Well, we will over time, right? So again, I don't think our strategy changes just like it has with Raymond James Bank. We've chosen not to pile on a bunch of security in that cash, right? So -- but this will give us cash that has a very good spread as they grow. We're confident they'll use more and more of that cash. And we think it's just a good, fair to point, conservative projection on what we think on this. We don't want to be overly aggressive. Hopefully, with their growth, they'll consume more than that more quickly, but that the market will determine that.
Paul Shoukry: Listen, I forget, Raymond James Bank is also generating phenomenal growth and has significant cash needs as well. So -- and the cash that we have off balance sheet, Jim, as you know, that's all floating rate for the most part as well. So again, as Paul said, we're going to be deliberate. We're going to respect and strength -- hope to help TriState Capital strengthen their client relationships. And like everything else we do, we like to build in a lot of flexibility for any kind of market environment, cash -- any kind of environment in terms of demand for cash, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Katz from Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
Bill Katz: Congratulations as well. Just coming back to security-based lending, appreciate that you're going to have separate brands and not calling each other's clients. But Paul, is there an opportunity to take TSC's technology and accelerate the de novo opportunity for the Raymond James side for SBL?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So you can -- I think with -- from both sides, we may use -- borrow technology platforms in terms of not taking their technology, because ours is integrated into client reporting for our clients and to clients. So we're not going to have TriState, we'll not be servicing Raymond James client, Raymond James Bank will. But I think we've learned a lot from them in terms of the front-end technology, to advisers, some of the back-end processing and decision-making, and we'll certainly utilize those lessons in our own technology as we migrate it. So that will be an advantage. I think it will help us. Their treasury management systems for their clients, we think we can utilize and probably will borrow that that kind of software and systems in the bank for their relationships and things like that. So, it will, I would call it, accelerate some of those things that we do, they may borrow for their clients, but it's going to be separate. It's not going to be taking their technology and planning it in because, frankly, the integration would be huge. And the changes would be huge. So I think we'll migrate over time more to taking best-in-class in both of ours learning those lessons and integrating them into the separate technologies.
Bill Katz: Okay. Understood. And then just a follow-up. You haven't spent any time really talking about the treasury services or maybe the opportunity for the investment bank. It seems like you're going to get an opportunity on both of those. Is there any synergies that you could anticipate or acceleration of market share gains as a result of a more comprehensive, sort of, set of services that you can offer to middle-market clients?
Paul Shoukry: Absolutely. We just acquired, it's a deal, I guess, a couple of months ago here now, and they focus on serving small, midsized and large private equity firms. And they actually have -- TriState Capital has a fantastic fund finance for the franchise that focuses on those type of firms. So that's an example of a synergy. We haven't even modeled those type of synergies. There's a lot of opportunities, even through their commercial lending platform. We were at dinner last night talking to some of their regional managers about investment banking opportunities that they were not able to refer, prior that they will be able to refer going forward with their commercial corporate clients. So we're really excited. We've been so focused on the securities-based lending business and the deposit opportunity. But there's a whole lot more in terms of synergy going forward in the combined franchise, which I think makes all of us really excited internally.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our final question for this morning comes from Kyle Voigt from KBW. Please go ahead with your question.
Kyle Voigt: Just a quick clarification question for Paul regarding the expectation for the TriState NIM to increase to around 200 basis points with that 100 basis point increase in short-term rates. Does that include the impact of replacing some of those TriState deposits and having that 75% of incremental growth using RJF deposits? Or is that 200 basis point assumption just using the TriState current funding mix? So that's Part A. And then Part B would just be, for those TriState deposits, you expect to keep on balance sheet, just wondering how we should think about the deposit beta for those deposits specifically?
Paul Shoukry: Great question and something we can provide more detail on as we get down the road. But really, the 2%, they should be able to do that without the benefit of our deposits. And as they've done more than that, just prior to the pandemic with their own deposit base. So -- we're really not giving them the benefit of our deposit synergy and that 2% expectation. Now they do have floors in some of their floating rate loans. So really, that benefit to NIM will be a little bit more back-end weighted for the first 100 basis points. Really the 75 basis points after the first increase is where we'll see most of that benefit given some of their loan floors. But in terms of the second part of the question was around -- What was the second part of your question, Kyle?
Kyle Voigt: It was just around the TriState deposits you expect to keep, just wondering how we should think about the deposit.
Paul Shoukry: The deposit beta of the future kind of TriState deposit, maybe, David, you could speak to that, but it will obviously depend on -- the ones that we replace presumably would have a higher deposit beta because it's not as relationship-oriented as for example, their treasury management system. So I think their mix of deposits going forward would have a lower deposit beta, all things being equal than their deposit beta that have historically experienced as they've really increased the quality of the deposit franchise with relationship-oriented commercial clients. But I don't know, David or Brian, if you want to add to that?
David Demas: I think you've got it, Paul. We see NIM going to 175 without any movement in rates. And Paul's projection about 2% easily NIM on a go-forward basis is quite accurate. So for every 25 basis points in rate move, you'll probably see us pass on 5 to 10 basis points of that to the client and keep the remaining 15 or so.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes. I think I would just add, as Paul said, over the last couple of years, we've certainly focused on diversifying our deposit base, again, growing through relationships, different products, different account types, very much on the liquidity as a service type of focus. So that will have a better data than a pure interest rate relationship for sure. And again, we've been out here building for the same thing that Paul said, which is, two years from now, we anticipate cash flow to normalize, whether that's an '18 version or a '19 version. But we're preparing for either of those. So we expect a pretty good data going forward. And that's the Raymond James deposit sources will certainly enhance that even more.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So let me just -- I'd like to quick closing statements first. I know this is always sudden and you have a lot to digest. But this relationship really goes back years on a commercial relationship and then discussions really for a long period of time. And I don't know the amount of due diligence we did over the last few months. I'm sure they're still ready to map this weekend, through all the requests and work that we've asked for over the last few months in this transaction is that we believe it's just great for both businesses as they do. Jim as the founder was under -- had no interest and, I think, in doing any transaction. But as we saw the synergies in the future for both organizations, became very excited for him and his associates, part of his family and we feel the same way at the Raymond James family. So we'll have an earnings call next week, where I'm sure a few more questions will pop up. And Paul, had one other comment.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, just hate to end the call on a public service announcement. But because this is a public transaction, public to public, we're really going to be limited in terms of answering questions. We're also in our quiet period technically until we release earnings. So we'll -- send us your questions, but we'll try to address them on our earnings call next week. So...
Paul Reilly: So thank you for joining us on short notice again, you've always said we're sometimes too deliberate, too conservative. So you just assume we're -- we did our homework, and we -- we wouldn't do any transaction that we didn't really believe will be big boost long term to the franchise. So, thank you, and we'll talk to you next week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to TriState Capital Holdings’ Conference Call to discuss financial results for the three months ended June 30, 2021. [Operator Instructions] Please also note todays’ event is being recorded.  Before turning the call over to management, I would like to remind everyone that today's call may contain forward-looking statements related to the TriState Capital that reflect TriState Capital’s current views with respect to among other things future events and the Company’s financial performance, as well as the Company’s future plans, objectives or goals. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, and assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those currently anticipated. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should keep in mind that any forward-looking statements made by TriState Capital speak only as of the date on which they are made. New risks and uncertainties come up from time to time and management cannot predict these events or how they may affect the company. TriState Capital has no duty to and doesn't intend to update or revise forward-looking statements after the date on which they are made. For further information about the factors that could affect TriState Capital's future results, please see the Company’s most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please also note that annualized information referenced in this presentation is not predictive of future performance which may differ materially from annualized information. To the extent non-GAAP financial measures are discussed in this call, they will be presented with the most comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in TriState Capital's earnings release, which is available on its website at tristatecapitalbank.com. Representing TriState Capital Holdings today is Jim Getz, Chairman. He will be joined by David Demas, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Fetterolf, President and CEO of TriState Capital Bank; and Tim Riddle, Managing Partner and CEO of Chartwell Investment Partners for the question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Getz.
Jim Getz: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. TriState Capital delivered a very strong financial result in the second quarter as each of our businesses made meaningful contributions to our top and bottom lines. We believe TriState Capital Bank’s 35% organic loan growth annualized from the linked quarter will be truly exceptional relative to peers, any industry, and our Chartwell Investment Partners business also delivered differentiating organic growth with double digit annual growth and assets under management in the quarter to a record $11.5 billion. Collectively, our loans, deposits and assets under management reached an all-time high. This growth helped us to generate record levels of quarterly revenue pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue, pre-tax income and net income available to common stockholders. Additionally, net income available to common stockholders grew by some 78% annualized from the linked quarter and 86% from the second quarter of 2020. We also delivered earnings per share of $0.41, growing EPS, even with a higher share count and preferred dividends from our December, 2020 capital rates. Continuing our record of efficiently and effectively putting new capital to work through the responsible and meaningful growth of this company. In addition, all this core earnings growth was achieved solely through organic means and with continued, modest provision expense. What makes these results possible and what differentiates this company from competitors large and small is our people. We now have more than $23 billion in on balance sheet assets and client assets under management. As our team's impeccable reputation for client service, expertise and results, continue to attract new business and grow existing relationships. Revenue per employee, a metric you've heard us highlight regularly, was $678,000 in the second quarter on an annualized basis. This is more than twice the level that the median $10 billion to $20 billion, asset bank generated based on most recent quarter data. Our agile business model combined with our culture of valuing each individual's contributions and focus on building the best team has driven our collective performance at this level. We are expanding our scalability and responsiveness through further investments in technology, design to support our people and enhance their ability to provide best-in-class service to our clients. We are investing in our client engagement, experience and offerings to position us for enhanced market share and profitability, all while maintaining our operating leverage. We believe these investments will in turn support continued earnings growth, and long-term value creation for our shareholders. Following its breakout performance in the first quarter, Chartwell has done everything but slow down assets under management of $11.5 billion and annual run rate revenue of $39.9 million at June 30, 2021, each reflect growth of more than 20% from one year prior. In the second quarter, our asset manager’s strong performance attracted continued, positive net flows products like Core, Core Plus and short duration BB rated high yield are attracting flows from new and existing institutional and retail clients seeking enhance yield with a focus on credit quality and interest rates sensitivity. The combination of asset and revenue growth that we've achieved at Chartwell is further supported by incremental improvement in operating leverage as we continue to benefit from past initiatives to moderate Chartwell's segment expenses while continuing to invest in new products, marketing and distribution. Year-to-date, investment management fees have grown at 20% year-over-year, while expenses have grown at almost half this rate, generating significant operating leverage. We are particularly proud of the Chartwell team's ability to grow revenues at this clip and the current rate environment with fixed income representing some 60% of total assets under management. We are thoroughly focused on continued organic growth. Chartwell's new business pipeline began the third quarter with more than $65 million in unfunded institutional commitments. We are also investing in product development, including a new Chartwell short duration high-grade bond fund. This new product leverages the talents of our fixed income team and serves as a complement to our very successful short duration, high yield strategy, which has grown to represent more than 25% of AUM. Chartwell sees significant retail and institutional demand for this new short duration product. We have total confidence in our fixed income team’s abilities and the sales and distribution team is motivated to bring it to market. Meanwhile, TriState Capital Bank grew total loans by more than 29% over last year and nearly 9% during the quarter to $9.3 billion on June 30, 2021. That’s annualized growth of 35% lending to very high quality clients in the differentiated and attractive markets, which serve for years. This exceptional growth continues to be driven by private banking loans, which grew to some $5.7 billion or nearly 62% of total loans at the end of the quarter. That’s because these loans, which are collateralized by marketable securities, cash value life insurance policies from select issuers and other liquid assets are an excellent and timely solution for many high net worth borrowers across all economic and market cycles, especially the current environment. With a referral network of 292 financial intermediaries, including independent financial advisors, trust companies, family offices, broker dealers, regional securities firms and insurance companies, we expect to continue dominating market share and driving formidable growth in this business moving forward. Additionally, private banking loan application volume is up 43% from the second quarter of 2020 and reached a new record level. We expect continued growth, although we continue to focus our origination efforts on where we can deliver the most meaningful benefits and experienced borrowers and their advisors. Commercial loans totaled $3.6 billion at June 30, 2021, up 15% from one year prior and 2% from March 31. Commercial real estate loans grew nearly 16% annualized, while totaling just 25% of total loans as we continue to partner what we believe are some of the highest quality and most experienced sponsors in our markets. Commercial and industrial lending was down from the linked quarter as new originations and draws on lines of credit and growth in equipment finance production were offset by amortization and pay downs. This activity in the C&I book is reflective of seasonal trends and temporary supply chain dynamics. But we are optimistic about the second half of the year. Both our CRE and C&I portfolios remain well diversified, have grown solely by organic means and have strong pipelines. Our private banking business, which made up 61.5% of total loans at the end of the second quarter, as well as the high quality nature of our commercial banking relationships continue to favorably impact our asset quality metrics and credit cost. Credit quality has long been a differentiator for TriState Capital and we further improved our metrics in the second quarter. We reduced adverse rated credits by some 33% compared to the linked first quarter. On our $9.3 billion book of loans, we reported just $34 million of adverse rated credits or 37 basis points in total loans. Non-performing assets totaled 12 basis points of total assets and net charge-offs were just 10 basis points to the average total loans. Importantly, the second quarter charge-off activity was previously reserved for in prior periods. Our significant loan growth allows for improved profitability and deployment of liquidity, which continues to be readily available and inexpensive. Our team has done a tremendous job with liquidity management, ensuring that we are managing against excess liquidity by timing our pipeline and putting our liquidity to work in high quality assets. Deposit growth during the second quarter fully funded our loan and investment growth with record deposits of more than $10.2 billion at quarter end reflecting 30% growth over the last 12 months and 10% during the quarter. Treasury management deposits doubled from June 30, 2020, and now make up 22% of total deposits. We’re excited about our continued addition of meaningful and long-term client relationships. These deposits support our efforts to effectively manage deposit costs, which we reduced by six basis points during the quarter. This in turn contributed to our third consecutive quarter of net interest margin expansion up another four basis points from the first three months of the year. Second quarter 2021 NII grew to a record $42.9 million, up 28% over the second quarter of last year, marking TriState Capital’s 22nd consecutive quarter of annual net interest income growth. This is the result of the high quality and robust volume we’re achieving, particularly in private banking. We currently view responsible volume growth as the primary driver of net interest income expansion in 2021, as we’ve positioned for favorable profitability when rates do rise. NII was complemented by record non-interest income driven by our strong investment management fees and solid swap fees during the quarter. Excluding securities gains and losses, NII and non-interest income combined to generate record quarterly total revenue of $57.7 million. This reflects an increase of 10% from the linked quarter were 41% annualized, which we believe will further differentiate TriState Capital’s latest results from similar size peers and industry overall. Looking ahead, we remain focused on measuring our performance through operating leverage and growing revenue at a faster clip than operating expenses. Our expenses were in line with our expectations and reflective of investments we’re making in people, technology, clients and the products. Against the backdrop of the challenging economic environment, we showed what our company is capable of loans, deposits, and total assets, each cross significant thresholds during the quarter surpassing $9 billion, $10 billion and $11 billion respectively. We are enhancing net income consequentially in a low interest rate environment driven by our penetration of net niche markets are well positioned distribution capabilities and high quality client service delivered by motivated professionals, we’re focused on effective execution. This company has reached critical mass, providing it with the flexibility to continue investing meaningfully for the future and providing impactful earnings to the bottom-line on a consistent basis. We entered the second half of the year with strong confidence and healthy pipelines across all three of our business lines. For year 2021, we remain keenly focused on growing each of total revenue loans and deposits at 15% to 20% rate over 2020, managing annual expense growth to a low double digit rate, continuing to generate positive net asset inflows and expand segment profit margins to Chartwell and continuing to grow net interest income dollars all while maintaining our hallmark superior asset quality. That concludes my prepared remarks. I’d now ask the operator to open the lines for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Michael Perito from KBW. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Perito: Hey everybody. Good morning.
Jim Getz: Good morning, Michael.
David Demas: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Perito: I wanted to start with kind of a high-level question, Jim. On the deposit growth and really improvement over the last few years has been really notable. And I guess my question is, as we look ahead, I mean, obviously, the rate environment is hard to predict. But I mean, I think, consensus outlook seem to be factoring some rate hikes at some point in the next 24 months. And I’m curious if you guys just have any high level thoughts on how the deposit portfolio might perform in that type of environment relative to your performance in the past. I mean, it seems like the relationships are a little bit stronger over the last few years with some of the hiring efforts that you’ve made. And then obviously the banking environment as a whole is a bit more digital now than it was four or five years ago. So just curious if you guys have any high level thoughts on how – or expectations about how that might perform if we do get into some type of rate increasing environment?
Jim Getz: Michael, let me make a couple of general comments and then I’m going to turn it over to Brian Fetterolf, who is the CEO of our bank. What you’re seeing is the results of some 15 years of really focusing on each aspect of this business. And it’s been coming to fruition slowly over the period of the years. And what do you want to keep in mind as I mentioned almost in every single one of these reports that we’ve put highly experienced sophisticated individuals in place, and they’ve for us on the liquidity side built a very sophisticated funding mechanism and its working. And we can control the flows that come in place through the relationships we have in place. And if you were to look at the turnover that we have of our relationship managers, it’s almost non-existent in that regard, and these are people that had a great deal of experience in their prior life. And we’re leveraging off that and seeing the results today in these numbers. So I would suggest to you the better times are yet to come. Brian?
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Jim. Tough to follow that last statement there. But yes, I would agree with Jim’s characterization that we’re looking forward very optimistically. We are in – we’ve – as Jim mentioned, we’ve built it over 15 years, you can look at the last two years in particular to see the diversification of that growth. Treasury management, obviously, as we pointed out is doubled in the last year. And that’s just one segment, but obviously service-based deposits being a key piece of our forward strategy relationship deposits being the broadest piece. And as Jim indicated, the people that we’ve brought in have those key relationships and getting keep in mind that this is a national deposit gathering capability. So we think that provides us a huge scale. But we’re super focused right now on being there meaningfully for existing clients to grow with them. And we are seeing our existing clients grow and attracting new clients as well. And with the technology investments we’re making, again, we look at this as very timeless technology investments. The obsolescence is low, which allows us to continue to build better and better stuff, service capabilities, and products for clients. We’re attracting new clients at the fastest rate we ever had. But to your point, we are building for two years from now in our deposit pipeline and portfolio.
Michael Perito: Got it. It’s helpful. And then this is my follow on question, maybe a question for Jim or Tim just on Chartwell, revenues are up nicely quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. I mean, if the market cooperates, is it fair to think of this business is kind of a high single digit revenue growth type business at this point with all the investments you made. And can you just remind us also what the M&A landscape and appetite is in AUM business at this point as well?
Jim Getz: Michael, let me comment with regard to your question generally, and then I’ll turn it over to Tim. I take you back to March of 2020 and the condition of the market drove Chartwell’s assets down to $7.7 billion. We determined at that time Tim and myself, and a lot of others that we were going to solely focus on bringing Chartwell back from that level. And now, as you can see today, it has $11.5 billion. We’ve been usually successful, and I would see us at some point as we go into the new year of being much more aggressive in that market. There is a lot of opportunities that are available there, but we wanted to get our own captive infrastructure back in shape and breathing strongly. And I think you can see by the flows, the net income, it’s delivering revenue growth that it’s having an impact. Tim?
Tim Riddle: Yes, Michael. First of all, good morning. We would – we’re certainly captive to the market environment as you well know. But we would certainly expect with the exceptional results that we’ve been able to achieve, particularly on the fixed income side and with the unique type of products that we have available to both the institutional and the retail market that again revenue growth is as you had indicated is certainly something that we believe is achievable not only in the second half of the year, but going forward as well. And as Jim indicated, we’re solely focused on organic growth as a franchise. And we’ll continue to look, but obviously in this environment, there could be an opportunity that presents itself and we would be open to that, but we’re certainly not leading with our chin. So our job is to grow Chartwell organically.
Michael Perito: Got it. Thanks, Tim. And thank you guys for taking my questions.
Jim Getz: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Tamayo from Raymond James. Please go ahead with your question.
Daniel Tamayo: Good morning, guys.
Jim Getz: Good morning, Danny.
David Demas: Good morning, Danny.
Daniel Tamayo: Just wanted to follow up on your balance sheet growth commentary. I think you reiterated what you’ve said in the past about 15% to 20% growth for loans and deposits this year. If I heard that correctly it looks like loan growth already about 13% and deposit growth already 20% for the year. Is that just conservative commentary or you think that you’re expecting a slowdown in the second half there?
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, this is Brian. Hey, Danny. We – I would say, I mean, obviously, year-over-year, our third and fourth quarters last year were pretty impressive quarters as well. So we’ll probably look at it from an average balance perspective and the spot. But overall, we remain optimistic on the second half that the second quarter and the fourth quarter more seasonal, historically those have been sort of our strongest quarters. So we’re not surprised the second quarter performs so well. But we – I think we indicated even in the last quarter that we would expect to be at the higher end of that 15% to 20% range. And that looks like that’s where we’re going to be able to pull through. We continue to be optimistic on the private bank side. We’re seeing sort of very strong market acceptance and sort of our distribution then our internal client engagement efforts continue to grow that. So we don’t see any slow down there in the commercial side. We think we’ll pick up a bit as we indicated between the supply chain loosening on the equipment finance and some fund finance aspects. So still think 15% to 20% is a right place to direct us, but at the top end of that would be the right place.
Daniel Tamayo: Okay. And then maybe for Dave, you’ve talked in the past about NIM expansion getting up to the mid to high 160s by the end of the year. We’ve seen obviously yet some pressure on the tenure. So I wanted to see if that’s still how you’re thinking about it when the current rate environment or you need rates to rise from here to get back to that mid to high 160s?
David Demas: No, Danny. We still believe that, as we’ve long said, we’re more focused on net interest income growth through sort of reasonable and risk manage growth in loans and investments, building durable relationships and matching liquidity with the needs as we built the franchise. We were pleased that we were able to expand NIM in the quarter and we see that expansion continuing for the rest of the year. It’ll primarily be driven by deposit cost reductions, as we manage deposit balances in line with the opportunities for deploying that liquidity. We believe that we’ll be able to achieve further cost reductions in that category as we continue to grow deposits. And as we’ve shared with you at the beginning of the year, we would again expect that the NIM will be somewhere in the mid to high 160s by year end.
Daniel Tamayo: That’s great.
Jim Getz: It might be a good place that to add real quickly, just from a tenure perspectives. Certainly it’s a metric that we watch, but we think that, again, if you roll it over to the swap revenue opportunity, we’ve demonstrated we can work with the swap market in all markets and all rate curves, flat steepening and inverted. But we’re pretty happy with where the tenure is right now. It gives us a lot of opportunities. Our clients are super engaged at these levels. So, we think that we in some respects, the stock sometimes trades obviously with the industry and around the tenure because of everybody’s exposure to that. We would say we have more opportunities in that kind of environment. So obviously that’s separate from the NIM question. But from a revenue perspective, we’re happy where we are and obviously is good for Chartwell as well.
Daniel Tamayo: That’s great color. I appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Olney from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Matt Olney: Thanks. Good morning. I want to go back to the discussion around deposits. And as you mentioned that the banks made tremendous progress, lowering deposit cost, and really growing the treasury management business. And I expect we’ll see more of the benefits of that with higher rates. But I guess, given the floating rate nature of TriState assets, I’m curious what the appetite is at this point to start considering locking in some longer term of funding on the liability side? Thanks.
David Demas: Matt, good morning. We certainly talk about that regularly. It’s something we’re looking at evaluating, but we’ve not done anything at scale yet. We continue to be quite pleased with the treasury management growth. Those balances are 20% of our total deposits now, which we just started that business four or five years ago. So we’ll certainly continue to look at that in an effort to drive total return to the shareholder. And what they do with any strategy we employ on a go forward basis.
Jim Getz: I think I would just add to that. Obviously, we look at the deposit portfolio as an opportunity. I mean, it’s obviously a way to fund the lending part of our business, but again, just take a brief outtake for relationship building right. And so some of our time deposits might be what clients are expecting. Some of that will be what we want, what we’d like to do. So it’s a bit of – at this point, it’s a market where our clients are not requesting that. So that puts us in a spot where we get to design the product mix. And at this point, as David mentioned, we’re – and we think we have the right product mix at this point. But we’re watching it consistently and putting our own forecast together on what we think would happen and what it would make sense.
Matt Olney: Okay. That’s helpful. And then any update on the loan floors. I think the press release mentioned that 94% of the loans are floating and indexes 30 days just remind us how active the floors are currently and any commentary you can provide on how many fed fund hikes we’d have to see to get above those floors? Thanks.
Jim Getz: Yes. Great. Yes. It’s less than two. So there’s a bit of a difference on the floor levels across the different loan product types. But in two fed rate moves, we would be through the floors on average fundamentally. So it’s been a significant contributor to the business over the last 12 months. But as we continue to adapt a new loan originations and how we’re approaching spreads and floors going forward, it would be about two rate moves if you look at the whole loan portfolio.
Matt Olney: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Moss from B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Moss: Good morning.
Jim Getz: Good morning, Steve.
David Demas: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Moss: Maybe just turn off with the loan mix here, you [ph] crossed over 60% this quarter for private banking loans. Just kind of curious, where are you thinking that mix ends up by year end here?
Jim Getz: Sorry, just to clarify, do you mean as a portion of growth or just overall portfolio?
Steve Moss: The overall portfolio and definitely any color on growth would be good too, just because obviously momentum seems very strong here.
Jim Getz: Yes. Great. So yes, we’ll – we continue to grow into the mid-60s from a portfolio composition perspective. I mean, as you’re seeing when we say, 15% to 20%, we’re talking about the private bank, obviously a larger base and then growing at not quite double, but a premium, a multiple of the commercial side. So that will continue to grow. I think this second quarter is probably a bit – probably a bigger difference between the rates of growth. I think the third quarter will probably be a bit more reflective. But I think what we were talking about the commercial side grown 12% and the private bank were in 25% so [indiscernible] the 10 to 12.
Steve Moss: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And then in terms of just, loan pricing these days, just wondering if you could give any update on where spreads are for commercial loans in a commercial real estate and also the private banking loans?
Jim Getz: Yes. So I think from our guidance perspective from last time, we were, on our – I think we were probably still in the same place. Our CRE loans from a yield perspective is sort of that 3% to 3.75% range, C&I loans sort of the 2.5% to 3.25% range and private bank loans probably a 2% to 3% range. So those are from a yield perspective where we are seeing things come in now.
Steve Moss: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Appreciate that.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, great.
Operator: And our next question comes from Russell Gunther from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead with your question.
Russell Gunther: Hey, good morning guys.
David Demas: Good morning Russell.
Brian Fetterolf: Good morning Russell.
Russell Gunther: Just a quick follow-up on the C&I expectations for the back half of the year. I appreciate your comments in the prepared remarks on the Q&A. But just if you could give some color on what's driving the optimism in the back half, I know equipment finance is seasonally strong in 4Q, but any other color in terms of order of magnitude for growth and what the drivers are there.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes. I mean, if you look at our again rate of growth expectations or our goals for the commercial side, probably slightly lower than we've had in past years, so that a 12% growth rate is probably optimistic for a lot of people. It's probably at middle of the road for us. So, I'm pleased, but not satisfied with that just from a point of perspective. But yes, the first half of the year we're continuing to see good production on the commercial real estate side. I mean, I would say that we've actually seen a little bit from an unanticipated, idiosyncratic payoff perspective on commercial real estate, where some of our clients not looking to sell were offered some pretty significant opportunities. So, we've lost our balance in the short term, but those are clients that, we work with very significantly and we see them redeploying that that capital into new opportunities. So, we'll be there with them to grow that piece back. But overall, the commercial real estate, we are confident in our ability to continue to grow that a positive sense with our clients. And then the fund finance if we look at it, we're only about $200 million borrowed against about $600 million in commitments. So, we see a significant opportunity for that to pick up in the second half of the year. So, we continue to grow that business very nicely and we like who we're working with, but we see more opportunities and just timing of where they are going to put capital to work in the second half. So that will be positive. And then as we indicated, second half is usually better for equipment finance anyway. But the supply chains ease and things of that nature, deals that we've already won that we'll fund in the third and fourth quarter that will be positive. So those are the fundamental aspects. I mean, nothing really – I think we're – nothing exceptional, pretty consistent, themes that we've had in – over the year just coming to play in the second half of the year. But overall, we're very optimistic about how our clients and prospects are performing. Again, if you look at our, I mean, we obviously provide a deferral activity, but we're – as of today, we'll be down – we're down to two loans that are still in a deferral program of less than $20 million. So again, the way that our clients have managed through this and are growing actually, through the 2021, 2022 timeframe is very strong. So, we're optimistic about our ability to grow with our existing clients, as well as attract new ones.
Russell Gunther: I appreciate the color, Brian, thank you. And then just switching gears for the last question, too expensive, you guys reiterated the 10% to 12% expectation for this year. And as you continue to plan for the future and continued franchise investment and items like travel and entertainment might begin to normalize, is that a range that you expect to be able to maintain over a longer term, or are there near-term plans for the business – businesses that could push that range higher going forward?
Jim Getz: Let me – this is Jim Getz. Let me comment first. And this is probably one of the only times in this type of call that you will hear this, this expense growth has always been by design. And our expenses clearly reflect our continual investment in our people, our infrastructure, our technology, and our clients, while moving toward the future and we're doing this as you notice in this quarter's numbers while our profit margins are expanding. So that's what I meant in the end of my presentation when we talked about critical mass. We've reached that critical mass level that we're going to be able to continue to do that and invest in the future while we're providing a profitable franchise to our shareholders. David?
David Demas: Yes, Russell, let me just add some color commentary to that. So, year-over-year we've grown a revenue at 16%, the balance sheet has grown at 26% and expenses, as you note, are growing at about 14.5%. This supports our overall goal of positive, operating leverage. Importantly, the overall efficiency ratio for the bank has slightly improved when comparing the year-to-date results over the prior year as has the non-interest expense to average asset ratio. Efficiency ratio stands at 51% year-to-date and non-interest expense is about 1.26%. Our ROE, our return on equity, has steadily and substantially improved in each of the last four quarters, now stands at 10.37% on a spot basis as of the most recent quarter, as we put the capital that we've raised in two different raises last year to work. We believe we can continue to drive ROE improvements in the quarters ahead. What this tells us is that the investments we're making that Jim pointed out are driving better execution and making our business more efficient and effective. It tells us that we're making good investments. Let me give you some color on the primary drivers of expense growth. One is people, compensation cost is up 20% year-over-year; and technology and data services is up 44% year-over-year. The growth rate on these two expenses should moderate somewhat in the second half of the year. Hiring was minimized the last year, second quarter in light of the early stages of the pandemic. Whereas this year we have front-loaded that hiring and to the beginning of the year, coupled with strong financial results driving incentive accrual increases. But that hiring pace moderate somewhat in the second half.  In the area of technology and data, we delayed our innovation and development spend through the second quarter of 2020, again in light of the pandemic, but began implementing a more robust development in the second half of last year and that continues into 2021. For technology and data, on a full year basis, I would say the year-over-year comparison should be somewhere in the low to mid 20% range down from 44% what you're seeing right now. Other expenses, is also something that grew very modestly in the quarter it was driven by growth. Growth on our unfunded loan commitments, that expense is categorized differently than the funded, on balance sheet loans through the reserves in the income statement. So just simply a function of growth. We still intend to drive positive operating leverage, growing revenue faster than our expenses. And we are driving to keep expense growth to 12% year-over-year. We've got work to do to get there, but we will not sacrifice our long-term objectives and we'll continue to focus on serving our clients well.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, I'll just add, we're – I think, both Jim and David summed it up well. We're excited about where we're going. We've continued to – we took about a four-week hiatus last year, just to see where things would sort of level out in the second quarter. But absent that for four weeks we've continued to invest in the business, understanding where the opportunities are. Again, as we sit here around the table, we are as optimistic as we ever have been in all the lines of the business thing. Jim summed it up earlier. We couldn't be more happy with what we're showing here and this makes sense to keep investing in this and staying ahead of it. And we’re rewarding not only, paying off growth, rewarding investors and rewarding our clients for continuing to grow with us.
Russell Gunther: Thank you all for taking my questions and the detailed response.
Brian Fetterolf: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a follow-up from Matt Olney from Stephens. Please go ahead with your follow-up.
Matt Olney: Yes, thanks for taking the follow-up. I guess as I speak with investors, it seems like the market is very concerned about TriState's impact to higher short-term rates. And we touched earlier about the floors that could be a potential headwind for at least the first few rate hikes. But I guess taking a step back, I'm curious what you'd expect from the bank’s net interest margin on the first few rate hikes? I guess if I look at the 10-Q disclosures around the shock analysis, my assumption is, is that the bank does expect an initial downward move in the margin with the first few rate hikes, but we'd love to hear any commentary you can add to that.
Brian Fetterolf: So Matt, we just followed the dot plot, right. And so, the dot plot would suggest there's two raises sometime in 2023. But as I just look at our forecast for the next two years, which obviously is very preliminary, we see modest expansion throughout that period. So, we're not tied to the ten-year, we're tied to short rates as you point out. But between deposit cost moderation, things that we're studying in terms of sort of fixing rates for a longer period of time, and just the ability to deploy the liquidity quickly into income producing assets, we see a modest expansion through next two years.
David Demas: I think from a cost of deposits perspective, yes, the one thing that's not modeled in there is, again, from a client perspective, our goal is to work with, every product that they would need and our goal is to own their entire relationship. So, we have a blend of non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits with them. But if you look at the service side of the business and you look at like our treasury management business, I think, we've talked about it before, in a normalized rate environment our goal is to run that business on the rate side at a LIBOR equivalent of minus 100 basis points. So, LIBOR, whatever index you want to pick less 100 basis points. So, if you think about here, we're obviously there is no LIBOR minus 100. So, we think that there's a lot of protection built into the existing business, which is a natural hedge which is obviously the way we built it. And then obviously, as you talked before, with opportunities for us to build in term deposits and some other things we get closer. But that breakeven point is pretty important as you know. So, absent our real client demands were probably a little early in that process. But again, a lot of natural hedges built into the business that maybe weren't as robust in the 2018 timeframe.
Matt Olney: And within the deposit balance, can you remind us what percent of those are indexed and how would you expect that to change if at all over the next few years?
Brian Fetterolf: Yes. So, if you look at overall, I mean, we talked about it in the release, we talked about 60% of what it would be 60% of non-time interest bearing deposits are linked to EFF or some equivalent index. So, if we look at overall it's about – it comes out to about 21% of total deposits, that would be indexed in that way. So, moderating that pretty significantly at one point we are probably more than that 45% range. So, we think again, a good diversification across the deposit portfolio. I mean, we still like that from a pricing perspective and it's building – it's a source of a lot of sophisticated relationships with us who we have the private bank relationships with and other lending aspects. So, we're happy with that. That component of the portfolio, but it's a good measure of where we continue to diversify the deposit base and the pricing base.
Matt Olney: Okay. That's great Brian, thanks for that. And then, I guess, the last question is around capital. And I'm looking at the leverage ratio at the bank. And I think we're now, I call it, 7.34%. And I think we saw the capital raise last year when we got down to that 7% level. So, we'll love to hear any thoughts you have on addressing the capital needs of the bank, especially given the strong outlook for loan growth from here.
Tim Riddle: Yes, Matt, as you point out, we've grown the balance sheet at the higher end of our expectations this year, strong growth, and we expect that to continue. We've worked hard to put the capital raise last year to use some high-quality new loans and increase balance sheet liquidity in the investment portfolio. We're striving to get that close to – or get that to 15% and we're close now. I talked a little earlier about our ROE, return on equity. We're pleased with that 10.37%, we believe we have more room to improve that in the coming quarters. And that's up from 6.5% this time last year. So great improvement there. The capital we've raised is now deployed and starting to generate meaningful returns. We continue to be very thoughtful and flexible around capital strategies. We don't necessarily need to raise capital before year end, and we'd be fine starting 2022 with the current levels in terms of the balance sheet composition, loan growth and where capital sits. Having said that we'll continue to look at opportunities to raise capital and what we would describe as a very economical and most efficient way with a continued focus on the shareholder. Given the market conditions sub debt could be a very attractive form of that additional capital given where rates are. And as you know, you raised that of the holding company push it down to the bank and accounts as Tier 1. So, no immediate plans to access the capital markets, but it's something we're looking at as the coming quarters play out.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, I think, I would add Matt, Tim used the statement what our primary job is or our mission is. And so, we saw it as obviously having raised $200 million in a pretty rapid time period in 2020, again, taking the moment in time to realize that we were going to have some pretty significant growth opportunities which we would consider better than the market or better than the industry. And we knew that we needed to take that time to invest so we can be there for those opportunities. So, we're certainly bringing those to bear. And we viewed it as part of our job on a risk-adjusted basis, responsible growth basis to deploy that capital as quickly as possible to basically cover the lag on capital raises. So, we're very happy with where we've done it. If you look at the asset growth relative to, for example, the loan-to-deposit ratio is 91% is clearly reflective of our ability to raise deposits and deploy that into other assets. Those assets – that asset mix could give us some flexibility as well. It is how we look at funding the loans at any particular time. And we've talked about it before, from an investment perspective, staying very high quality in relatively short duration. So again, our goal is to be as agile as possible between funding, and capital, and asset and balance sheet management. So, we have some flexibility in there as David pointed out, timing, but certainly being opportunistic, we have some historic opportunities to – ahead on the growth side, probably the capital, if we wanted to pursue that in the sub debt space and otherwise just to manage our balance sheet.
Matt Olney: Okay. Thanks guys. That’s all from me. Congrats on the quarter.
Jim Getz: Thanks, Matt.
Brian Fetterolf: Thanks very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jim Getz: Thank you very much for your continued interest in TriState Capital and your participation today. We certainly look forward to updating you on the third quarter results in October. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-01-28 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Raymond James Financial's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. Now, I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Please note, certain statements made during this call may constitute forward looking statements. These statements include but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory development, impact of COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believe, expects, could and would as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events and intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in most recent Form 10-K, which is available on our Investor Relations website. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation at these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release and presentation. With that, I'm happy to turn it over to Chairman and CEO, Paul Reilly. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. It's hard to believe it's been almost a year since the COVID-19 pandemic started here in the U.S. And while there is now light at the end of the tunnel, with the vaccine starting to be distributed across the globe, we are still very much in a period of uncertainty and volatility. As painful as the pandemic has been for everyone. I'm very proud of how Raymond James has performed. Who would have predicted when we lost 40% of our earnings to the rate cuts in March that we will be talking about records today. This is a testament not only to the resiliency of the U.S. economy but also to Raymond James, our advisors and their associates. As you can see on Slide 3, our unwavering focus on serving clients resulted in fantastic financial results during the quarter. Starting off fiscal 2021 with record quarterly revenues and earnings, driven by strength across our businesses. In the fiscal first quarter, the firm reported record net revenues of $2.22 billion which were up 11% over the prior year's fiscal first quarter and 7% over the prior record set in the preceding quarter. Record net income of $312 million or $2.23 per diluted share increased 16% over the prior record of net income set a year-ago quarter and 49% over the preceding quarter. Excluding expenses of $2 million associated with the completed acquisition of NWPS Holdings and the pending acquisition of Financo, adjusted quarterly net income was $314 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share was $2.24, both records. Annualized return on equity for the quarter was 17.2% and return on tangible common equity was 19%, unimpressive results, especially in this near zero rate environment and given our very strong capital position. Record quarterly results were primarily attributable to higher asset management and related administrative fees, record investment banking revenues, strong fixed income brokerage revenues and disciplined expense management, which were more than offset the negative impact of lower short-term interest rates on the net interest income in RJBDP fees. The record results and broad-based strength in our businesses in a near-zero rate interest environment, which included record results for capital market and asset management segments during the quarter, we enforced the value of our diverse and complementary businesses, sometimes something under-appreciated in different market cycles. Moving to Slide 4, we ended the quarter with records for total client assets under administration of $1.02 trillion, PCG assets in fee-based accounts of $533 billion and financial assets under management of $170 billion. Client assets crossing the $1 trillion mark for the first time is a testament to the consistent growth that we've achieved by focusing on retaining our existing advisors, while also recruiting high quality financial advisors. And when you step back, this is quite an achievement. In December 2010, we had around $260 billion of client asset. So, we have experienced around a 15% compounded annual growth and essentially quadrupled client assets over a 10-year period and a vast majority of that was organic growth. We ended the quarter with 8233 financial advisors, a net increase of 173 over the prior year, but a slight net decrease of six sequentially. A flat advisor count is not unusual for this quarter as we typically see an elevated number of retirements at the year-end, where assets are typically retained at Raymond James by their successors. We are still optimistic about all of our recruiting pipelines across our affiliation options, but there are a few trends we are seeing in the industry. On the independent side of the business, we continue to experience strong recruiting activity and we're seeing more interest from both external and internal advisors in the RIA custody affiliation options particularly for much larger teams who have the scale and appetite to assume the regulatory and supervision responsibilities and risks. We have been beneficiaries of this trend in our rebranded RIA and Custody Services division or RCS and we believe will continue to benefit from the trend given major consolidation and disruption in the RIA Custody industry. However, it's important to note that when an RIA affiliates with RCS whether it be an internal transfer from our other affiliation option or external additions, we do not count the advisors of the RIA firms in our advisor count, but their assets are still included in client assets under administration. On the employee side, there has been a modest slowdown in recruiting due to the challenges brought on by COVID and also increased competition for experienced advisors where even our regional competitors have significantly increased the recruiting packages. In response to what we are seeing, we have also enhanced our recruiting packages to be more competitive while also ensuring attractive returns to our shareholders. Also impacting advisor count this year, we temporarily decrease the size of our new advisor training class this year by about 35 trainees, allowing us to dedicate more time and attention to new advisors as they seek to overcome the challenges presented by this current virtual environment. While this will negatively impact the growth in advisor count when compared to prior years, when the training class was larger, it really shouldn't have a significant impact on client assets. We believe our recruiting will continue to thrive as advisors are attracted to our supportive culture and client-first value. Looking at recruiting results over the prior four quarters, financial advisors was nearly $270 million of trailing 12 production and nearly $40 billion of assets at their prior firms affiliated with Raymond James domestically. As for our net organic growth results of the Private Client Group, we generated domestic PCG net new assets of $42 billion over the four quarters ending in December 31, 2020 representing more than 5% of domestic PCG client assets at the beginning of the period and remember, this is net of client fee. We are very pleased with our consistent organic growth, especially given the disruption associated with the COVID-19 pandemic during the year and as you know, we did not benefit from the surge and self-directed online business during the year. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. The Private Client Group generated quarterly net revenues of $1.47 billion and pre-tax income of $140 million. Quarterly net revenues grew 5% over the preceding quarter, predominantly driven by higher asset management and related administrative fees reflecting higher assets in fee-based accounts, which will continue to be a tailwind in the second quarter. This strong revenue growth helped PCG's pre-tax income grow 12% sequentially, although it's still down 8% on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to the negative impact of lower short-term interest rates. Capital Markets segment generated record quarterly net revenues of $452 million and pre-tax income of $129 million, an extraordinary result, a strong quarter for the segment driven by broad-based strength across global equities and Investment Banking, as well as fixed income. During the quarter record Investment Banking revenues were driven by record NNA revenues along with continued strength in debt and equity underwriting. Fixed income brokerage revenues were strong as client activity levels remained robust. While we certainly would caution you against annualizing the record results in capital markets segment this quarter, I do think the results reflect the significant investments we have made to strengthen our platform over the last 10 years and we are continuing to make those investments as I will discuss shortly. The Asset Management segment generated record net revenues of $195 million and pre-tax income of $83 million. Record results were driven by the growth of financial assets under management as equity market appreciation and the net inflows into PCG fee-based accounts more than offset the modest net outflows for Carillon Tower Advisers. Lastly, Raymond James Bank generated quarterly net revenues of $167 million and pre-tax income of $71 million. Compared to a year ago quarter, net revenues declined primarily due to the impact of lower short-term interest rates on net interest income sequentially, quarterly net revenues grew 4% as higher asset balances more than offset the seven basis point decline in the bank's net interest margin in the quarter, which was primarily attributable to the growth in the agency MBS portfolio. The credit quality of the bank's portfolio remains healthy with most trends continuing to improve. Non-performing assets remained low at nine basis points of total assets and the amount of criticized loans declined 4% during the quarter. The quarterly bank loan provision for credit losses of $14 million declined sequentially and was driven mostly by macro-economic model inputs now under the CECL methodology, which Paul Shoukry will cover in more detail. Moving to Slide 6; as you've heard me say many times, we remain focused on long-term growth and are committed to deploying excess capital to generate attractive returns to our shareholders. Good examples of that commitment are the two acquisitions we announced during the quarter. The first, which closed in late December is NWPS. NWPS is a provider of retirement plan, administration, consulting, actuarial and administrative services based in Seattle, Washington. The addition of NWPS allows Raymond James to expand our retirement services offering, including retirement plan administration services to advisors and clients. Many of our advisors serve clients with small businesses and offering this retirement solution is another attractive way to help advisors develop deeper and stronger relationship with our clients. The second pending acquisition, Financo, is a consumer-focused NNA advisory firm, which allows us to strategically grow our capabilities and attractive vertical with industry-leading team. We anticipate this transaction to close in the March or April timeframe. Both of these firms represent great cultural and strategic fit and we're excited about welcoming them to the Raymond James family. While we are not going to discuss the terms of these two transactions in total, over time, these two acquisitions represent consideration retention and earn-out potential for the sellers of approximately $320 million, so is a meaningful and attractive use of cash and capital. We will continue to actively pursue additional acquisitions that are both a cultural and strategic fit. And now, for a more detailed review of the financial results, I'm going to turn this over to Paul Shoukry. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. I'll Begin with consolidated revenues on slide 8. Record quarterly net revenues of $2.22 billion grew 11% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. Asset management fees grew 12% on a year-over-year basis and 6% sequentially, commensurate with the growth of fee-based assets. Private Client Group assets in fee-based accounts were up 12% during the fiscal first quarter, which will provide a tailwind for this line item for the second quarter of fiscal 2021. However, given fewer billable days in the March quarter, I would expect asset management fees in PCG to increase about 10% sequentially. Consolidated brokerage revenues of $528 million grew 15% over the prior year and represented a record. These revenues are inherently difficult to predict, but our clients are still engaged in both the Private Client Group and capital market segments given the current market and interest rate environment. Account and service fees of $145 million declined 19% year-over-year, almost entirely due to the decrease in RJBDP fees from third party banks due to lower short-term interest rates, which I will discuss along with net interest income in more detail on the next two slides. Consolidated investment banking revenues of $261 million grew 85% year-over-year and 18% sequentially, achieving a record result driven by record NNA advisory revenues and strong debt and equity underwriting. Based on the pipeline and activity levels, we anticipate second quarter to be healthy, but not as strong as remarkable results achieved in the first quarter. As you all know, these revenues are very difficult to predict, but for the rest of the fiscal year, we would be very pleased to achieve the pace of the average quarterly investment banking revenues from the annual record we set in fiscal 2020 which would be roughly $160 to $165 million per quarter on average. Turning to other revenues, which were $56 million for the quarter, this line included $24 million of private equity valuation gains during the quarter, of which approximately $10 million were attributable to non-controlling interest reflected in other expenses. Moving to Slide 9, client domestic cash sweep balances ended the quarter at a record $61.6 billion, increasing 11% sequentially and representing 6.7% of domestic PCG client assets. As we continue to experience growing cash balances and less demand from third party banks, more client cash is being held in the Client Interest Program at the broker-dealer. You can see those balances grew to $8.8 billion and most of that growth has been used to purchase short-term treasuries to meet the associated reserve requirement. Overtime, that cash could be redeployed to our bank or third party banks as capacity becomes available which would hopefully earn a higher spread than we currently are on short term treasuries. On Slide 10 the top chart displays our firm wide net interest income in RJBDP fees from third party banks on a combined basis. Related, based on your feedback, we have updated our net interest table in the earnings release to incorporate all of the firm's interest earning assets and liabilities instead of those balances for just Raymond James Bank. We hope you find this update helpful and, as always, we thank you for your suggestion to continue enhancing our disclosures. As you can see on Slide 10, while lower rates have put significant pressure on these revenues since the Fed rate cuts in March 2020, we did experience a slight uptick in these revenues sequentially, helped by the aforementioned growth in client cash balances and higher asset balances at Raymond James Bank, which more than offset the sequential NIM compression you see on the bottom left portion of this slide. Given prepayment speeds of higher-yielding securities and mortgages, we would expect the Bank's NIM to decline another 10 basis points or so throughout the year. However, we are hoping that growth in the bank's earning assets will more than offset the NIM compression and result in continued growth of the firm's net interest income. I will provide a bit more color on the bank's balance sheet growth in a few slides. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 11, first, compensation expense, which is by far our largest expense the compensation ratio decreased sequentially from 68.1% to 67.5% during the quarter, primarily due to record revenues in the Capital Markets segment, which had a 56% compensation ratio during the quarter and the benefit from the private equity valuation gain, which doesn't have direct compensation associated with it. As we said last quarter, given the near-zero short-term interest rates and the successful implementation of the expense initiative we announced last quarter, we are confident we can maintain a compensation ratio of 70% or better, which we still believe is an appropriate target. And as we experienced this quarter, very strong capital markets results in any particular quarter could result in a compensation ratio below 70%. Non-compensation expenses of $323 million increased $24 million or 8% compared to last year's first quarter and almost all of that increase could be explained by the $14 million bank loan provision for credit losses compared to the $2 million benefit in the year ago period and $13 million of non-controlling interest in other expenses, much of which offsets a portion of the $24 million private equity valuation gain reflected in other revenues. As we explained and as you can see in these results, we have been very focused on the disciplined management of all compensation and non-compensation related expenses, while still investing in growth and ensuring high service levels for advisors and the clients. Slide 12 shows the pretax margin trend over the past five quarters. Pre-tax margin was 18% in the fiscal first quarter of 2021, which was boosted by the record capital markets results as that segment generated a record 29% pre-tax margin. Last quarter, we talked about generating a 14% to 15% pre-tax margin on the consolidated basis in this near-zero interest rate environment, which again we believe is still a reasonable target. But as we experienced this quarter, there is upside to the margins when the capital markets results are so strong. On Slide 13, at the end of fiscal first quarter, total assets were approximately $53.7 billion, a 13% sequential increase reflecting the dynamic, I explained earlier, with growth in client cash balances and associated reserves at the broker-dealer. This growth of client cash balances on the balance sheet caused our Tier 1 leverage ratio to decrease to 12.9%, which is still well above the regulatory requirement. Liquidity remains very strong with $1.8 billion of cash at the parent, leaving us with plenty of flexibility to be both defensive and opportunistic. Slide 14 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. In December, in addition to increasing the quarterly dividend 5% to $0.39 per share, the Board of Directors authorized share repurchases above $750 million, which replaced the previous authorization and $740 million remains available under the new authorization. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 108,000 shares for $10 million, an average price of approximately $92.80 per share. This fell short of our $50 million quarterly target which we plan on making up for in the subsequent quarters as we are committed to repurchasing at least $200 million to offset share-based compensation dilution during the fiscal year. One thing, many of you have asked us to be more explicit on is our plans for deploying capital, which is something we hope to discuss with you in much more detail at our Analyst Investor Day tentatively planned to be held virtually in May. But at a high level, what I would share with you now is that our goal is to manage down the firm's Tier 1 leverage ratio closer to 10% over time through a combination of balance sheet growth, primarily at the bank as well as more deliberate deployment of capital through a combination of organic growth, acquisitions and share repurchases. We are not ready to share specific timeline to achieve this objective and doing so in the middle of a pandemic is probably not the best time to do so, but I want to be clear that we are fully committed to managing our capital levels, balancing our objectives and optimizing returns to shareholders while ensuring a significant balance sheet flexibility and conservatism. On the next two slides, we provide additional detail on the bank's loan portfolio, starting on slide 15 with some detail on Raymond James Bank asset composition. In the pie chart, you can see we broke out CRE and REIT loans into separate categories with the implementation of CECL this quarter. The only other thing I would point out on this slide is we have a very well-diversified balance sheet at the bank. The bank's total assets grew 3% sequentially, led by 4% growth in the bank's loan portfolio, about 60% of which was attributable to securities-based loans to Private Client Group clients. We have decelerated the growth of the securities portfolio at the bank and we will likely continue to do so over the near term as spreads for agency mortgage-backed securities have gotten extremely tight. Meanwhile we have resumed growth in certain sectors in the corporate loan portfolio that we believe are less directly exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic. Lastly, on Slide 16, we provide key credit metrics for Raymond James Bank. First, let me briefly discuss CECL. We implemented CECL on October 1, which increased our allowances by approximately $45 million. With the majority of that increase attributable to recruiting and retention related loans to financial advisors in the Private Client Group segment, which now require a larger allowance under CECL than under the incurred loss method. About $10 million of that day one impact was related to outstanding bank loans, and remember all $45 million hit the balance sheet directly and did not go through the P&L. We had no charge-offs in the quarter. The quarterly bank loan provision for credit losses was $14 million, largely attributable to the macroeconomic model inputs we use from our third party vendor which assumed a greater decline in commercial real estate prices in the near term with a longer recovery period, resulting in higher allowances for the CRE portfolio from 3.25% to 4.2% at the end of the quarter. The bank loan allowance for credit losses as a percent of total loans ended the quarter at 1.71%. So, we believe we are adequately reserved but that could change rapidly if economic conditions deteriorate. But currently, we are pleased with the credit quality and the positive trends we are seeing with the loan portfolio and the broader economy. Now, I will turn the call back over to Paul Reilly, to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul. As for our outlook, we remain well positioned entering the second fiscal quarter with a strong capital ratios and record client assets. However, we'll continue to face headwinds from a full year of lower short-term interest rates and there is still a high degree of uncertainty given the COVID-19 pandemic and the rollout of the vaccine and a new administration. In the Private Client Group segment, while recruiting environment is extremely competitive and we faced some challenges in a largely virtual environment, our advisor recruiting pipeline is strong across all of our affiliation options. And the segment is going to benefit by starting the fiscal second quarter with strong sequential growth in fee-based accounts. Private Client Group fee-based assets were up 12% which would be a good tailwind and result in a 10% increase in the associated revenues. In the capital market segment, there is still a significant amount of economic uncertainty due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. However, the investment banking pipeline is currently strong and we expect fixed income, brokerage results to remain elevated, given the current interest rate and economic conditions. In the Asset Management segment results will be positively impacted by the 11% increase in assets under management but those assets are billed throughout the quarter. At Raymond James Bank, we should continue to benefit from the attractive growth of securities-based loans and mortgages of the PCG clients. And as we to decelerate the growth of securities portfolio, we are cautiously adding to corporate loans in the less COVID impacted sectors. We continue to focus on long-term growth and our priorities remain unchanged. Our top priority is serving clients and we're focused on organic growth, which is primarily driven by retaining and recruiting advisors in the Private Client Group. Additionally, we're continuing to add senior talent in our other businesses such as Investment Banking. As you observe this quarter, we will continue to actively pursue acquisitions. But we are still focused on being deliberate and only pursuing transactions that have a great cultural and strategic fit and at prices that can deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. We started fiscal 2021 with very strong results and I believe we are well positioned to drive profitable growth in the coming quarters across all of our businesses. But we are also fully aware that we are still in the middle of a global health pandemic and we should all be prepared for much more economic turbulence and market volatility over the next several months. With that, operator, could you please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Manan Gosalia of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. Maybe a question on the PCG segment. How should we think about the compensation ratio in that segment. I mean, I know the last quarter was about 100 basis points positive for the pre-tax margin, but I guess when we look at the compensation of that segment, it was pretty flat versus the last quarter. So where there any factors that are may be masking that 100 basis point improvement here?
Paul Reilly: I mean, the biggest driver, Manan, and good morning to you as well. The biggest driver is really just the growth in the production to advisors. That's going to have roughly a 75% payout associated -- associated with it. So that's going to be your biggest driver of compensation in the PCG segment. As per the admin comp in the PCG segment, as we said on the call last quarter, we expect that to be -- we were expecting it to be relatively flat when we were on the call last quarter, but the one driver there would be some of the benefits that grow with profitability across the firm. So, but again we think that -- that's what we're really focusing on managing is the admin comp in the PCG segment and that's what would be reflect -- that would reflect the benefit from the expense initiatives we announced last quarter.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then of the capital return front. I appreciate the update on how you're thinking about capital return and I realize you can't give a timeline, but in the past you mentioned 1.8 times book value threshold as a level that you're looking at for doing more buybacks. Can you give us an update on how you're thinking about that now, and would you maybe consider buying back at a higher level, if the stock stays above that level in the absence of any acquisition opportunities?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we're going to later rollout a more definitive capital plan that are managing Tier 1 back to 10 percentage over time. We've committed to the $200 million buybacks a year just to manage equity based dilution at any price and then the other will be more opportunistic. So we'll just have to see that out now. The only caution on the opportunistic part as we'd like to see, we're feeling much better about the economy and the pandemic, the virus being under control, people get the shots but we don't know, right. So, we'll be a little cautious on that part, but we'll be a little more opportunistic outside of that $200 million kind of more programmatic [ph] buyback.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Devin Ryan of JMP Securities, please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Devin.
Paul Shoukry: Good morning, Devin.
Devin Ryan: First question here, just on the recruiting commentary and outlook. Obviously, you guys have been alluding to some increased competition in recent months. So I just want to dig in a little bit, because it seems like over time recruiting competition kind of ebbs and flows. And so I'm kind of curious, what do you think is driving that right now and I guess I just want to make sure that I understand the full message here. I guess my takeaway is that independent advisor recruiting is still very strong and that's the expectation on the employee side, pricing has become more competitive, but it sounds like Raymond James will be already is increasing kind of pricing competitiveness. So, should we expect that the recruiting on the employee side will remain active but just cost a bit more or I guess what to make sure taking the right takeaway here?
Paul Reilly: We've had a very robust recruiting history as you know, and certainly on the employee side as people above the transition assistance to be more trying to grow their Private Client Group businesses we did and that gap just got bigger and bigger and bigger where I think that people even wanting to join just that as economic gap was too big and as we really analyze that if we can get by upping, we don't have to match, we've proven that over history, but being more competitive because of the environment. What we offer Advisors, we can get a good return now and that if interest rate spreads gap out again in the future, those recruiting deals from our standpoint will even be better. So, we've got more aggressive. Yes, there is a little bit of lag, but we think we can get it going, we did cut the advisor class going in and on a cost-cut then during the pandemic and as we ramp back up the training, which we expect to, once we get out of -- as we kind of exiting the total virtual environment that will help also. So again, last year we had good recruiting stats in the quarter but it isn't unusual if you go back to the year before that it was flattish. I think we're up to record recruiting here, so we'll get it back on track and maybe we're a little slow to act, but recruiting overall has been good. And then we're going to have to figure out how to give you better numbers because people are in the RIA channel, we don't count them at all. And so you're not really seeing overall recruiting, although they are in the asset number. So, we're going to work on how to give you a better metric on that too, so you can compare it more apples to apples as channels may shift over time.
Devin Ryan: Okay, that's really good color. Thank you, Paul. And then just a follow-up here on capital as well. Appreciate the update there. Is there any way you can just help refresh us how to think about the capacity. The bank growth or the size of the bank within Raymond James. I appreciate that you're going to be opportunistic and can't really give a timeline of expanding the bank balance sheet, but how should we think about based on whether it's third-party bank deposit and client interest program, the capacity to fund growth or the size of the bank within the overall firm, how are you guys thinking about maybe the upper band of capacity without giving us a timeline of exactly how you'll get there.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Devin. We would love to continue growing the bank and we have, as you can see with the cash at third party banks and now and CIP at the broker-dealer. We have a lot of funding capacity and plenty of capital capacity to grow the bank. So the biggest constraint now is just finding assets with good risk-adjusted returns over a long period of time. The way we're thinking about balance sheet growth overall as a firm, which includes primarily most of the growth in the balance sheet would come from the bank going forward is that Tier 1 leverage ratio that Paul mentioned, which we hope to target around at 10% take that ratio down to somewhere around 10% over time. It could go under 10% if we're just accommodating client cash balances and investing it in at -- parking at the Fed or investing it in treasuries, but on a more normalized basis, I think 10% is a conservative place to be at the holding company overall. And so that's how we're thinking about the bank growth. Some of the metrics in the past that we shared with you around the percentage of equity and percentage of cash balances -- those were metrics that were established when we are primarily a corporate loan bank essentially. And so, we were -- those metrics were intended to contain the size of the corporate -- the credit exposure to our overall balance sheet. Now that we have agency mortgage-backed securities and we have securities-based loans and mortgages to Private Client Group clients, some of those metrics aren't as relevant as they were five years ago. So, that is it going to be a part of the discussion that we hope to share more details with you on at our upcoming Analyst Investor Day.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. Thanks, Paul. That was what I was getting at, so, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Good morning. This is [indiscernible] filling in for Craig. I just wanted to follow up on the balance sheet commentary and we want to know what kind of macroeconomic -- you're seeing and how are those getting you more comfortable growing RJ Bank over the near term.
Paul Shoukry: I think it's certainly in the sector. As you know, we are pretty aggressive on selling COVID exposed loans, and so that kind of shrunk the balance sheet a little bit those sales, I mean, at least relative to what it could grow but you know we tracked other the non-COVID related areas and how the economies performed even in near lockdowns in places, we're pretty comfortable in a lot of other sectors and so those are the sectors we're looking at growing. We've also looked at the spread on MBS securities and they're just not -- there just isn't a lot. So we're looking at higher grade corporate loans also to get a better spread with shorter duration when you buy a three-year A corporate loan, in a well-run company in a non-COVID segment versus treasury that's not yielding anything. So we're looking, we're comfortable with the bank, the lending team. We have a lot of capacity, so we're -- as we've gone through this part of the pandemic, even though there's uncertainty, we're getting more comfortable with lending in areas and that's kind of opened that back up.
Unidentified Participant: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Steven.
Steven Chubak: Hey, guys. I wanted to start off with a question on the capital market outlook, I mean coming off record year for fixed brokerage. What's according to your view that activity should remain elevated as it appears, but you and peers are over-earning in that particular area relative to history. And maybe just a question for Mr. Shoukry, since you alluded to the $160 million to $165 million run rate, which we see a good outcome for the quarterly run rate for IB. Should we infer from your remarks there that this base level is consistent with your view of what normalized activity looks like and what you believe is readily achievable within the IB segment in particular.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I'll answer the second part of the question first. I wish it was that scientific with being projecting the investment banking revenues. I think it's more of just a hypothetical and on a going-forward basis. We kind of average $165 million of investment banking revenues a quarter then that would sort of match the record we set last fiscal year. So, is there upside to that as we saw this quarter -- there is upside to that. And we are growing the platform, Paul mentioned the Financo acquisition, which we hope will close and we're also higher a lot about other senior MDs, so we have a pretty powerful investment banking platform. I think you saw the potential of that this quarter, but we just want to caution the street against annualizing against it.
Paul Reilly: I think it's, Steve, it's one of the difficult things if you talk to us or if you talk to peers in the industry, everyone was surprised that how robust this quarter was. I mean it's not that we didn't have good backlog. So, when you come off a quarter like this of activity you go, well, what's the next quarter look like. The backlogs are very good, the activity is very high but you hate to keep predicting a repeat of this quarter when it's an all-time record and I think industry wide, it was very strong. So can it continue, yes, but that would be a guess too. So, we kind of give you numbers we're comfortable with, it doesn't mean we can't beat them. It just means it's very hard to predict these revenues in this business and we certainly -- last quarter's call to predict this number for this quarter.
Steven Chubak: We're dealing with the same struggles.
Paul Reilly: Yes. And we're, I think the one thing we're comfortable with and it can change overnight, but I think is the fixed income market given -- given the dynamics. It's been a pretty good run in, the debt [ph] dynamics were pretty much in place and that usually won't shut off unless there's a major event. But NNA is still strong, so it's what number. I don't know, it's just hard for us to predict. So it is -- again we don't try to -- we don't try to give you the optimistic numbers. We tried to be just realistic and hope we do better, but I certainly know the bankers are hoping to do better, but it's a lot -- It's a lot of business to close.
Paul Shoukry: And then maybe a little smaller in absolute size but the debt underwriting business I think was a record this quarter as well. So they finished the calendar year, public finance business did in the top 10 in the country and the pipelines there looked good as well. So we have a very strong public finance franchise, which will also contribute to the results.
Steven Chubak: That's great. And on my follow-up. I just wanted to ask follow up relating to the organic growth outlook, the discussion that equates earlier. I appreciate the nuance commentary around the recruiting backdrop and some of the color around the different channels and what you're seeing and you quoted an NNA figure which was about 5% organic growth in the quarter slightly below the 6 to 7 you recorded over the last two and as you look ahead, just given the heightened competition within the employee channel, what piece of NNA growth are you comfortable underwriting or we should be contemplating at least in near to intermediate term given some of the -- with the competitive dynamics, that you shared us.
Paul Shoukry: Hey, Steve. I'll let Paul talk about the competitive dynamics. But just as far as the NNA metric goes, we --that 5% was for the year, actually the fourth quarter for almost all the firms in our industry, us included was -- it was seasonally high because of the dividend and interest reinvestment. So quarter-to-quarter that number can change because as you know, the baseline, the beginning of the period asset rolls forward a quarter as well. So, we're still pleased with the 5% organic growth and remember that is net of the commission and fees in the Private Client Group the way we account for it.
Paul Reilly: And I would say on the recruiting, look we've been better now than we've been in a decade, and we've had quarters where this has happened where recruiting trailed off in different channels and we've adjusted and we've been right back as kind of a benchmark for recruiting across our channels and I believe we'll continue that. Advisors want to be here. We have great tools, great technology and a great culture that supports them. So, we just may be got a little uncompetitive and that during the pandemic -- that makes sense, but as we really dug into the economics, we had a lot of room to go up, so we did go up modestly. And I still think will be very good returns and we just -- it's a hard choice for advisors when they come down to two places. When someone is going to pay him 50% more. So, we're just going to have to close that gap and still will be a good economic return for the firm. So there's always a lag between when you do this and when the count comes up but recruiting isn't bad in the employee channel at all, it's just down from kind of series of records and we just need to get it back up where it can be, I mean, where it should be given what we think we offer in our platform. So, I'm still very optimistic about it is -- it's been robust than all the other channels that we've had channels go up and down before for a quarter or two and we've always rebounded. We'll just focus on it and get it back to where we think it should be.
Steven Chubak: Thanks. I know you're doing that on capital. I appreciate the commitment to the 10% Tier 1 leverage target and look forward to seeing the pathway to getting there in a few months.
Paul Reilly: All right. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning everybody. Thanks for the question. Hey Paul, I was hoping you could dig into the RIA and the custody platform a little bit more. I guess; one, can you give us a sense for the assets on that platform now and how much that's been contributing to your guys NNA over the last year and slightly bigger picture, what is sort of the competitive advantage that you think differentiates you guys versus peers in this part of the market and from an economics perspective, I guess, how should we think about the revenue yield or the operating income yield on those assets, sort of, aside from the cash related revenues. Obviously that's one, but are there other fees and things like that we should contemplate as that part of the business grows?
Paul Reilly: Yes, so there is, it's a complex and multiple asset -- multiple faceted answer and we plan to get on Investor Day to try to get better metrics because we  type of platform, they're trying on assets may be a little lower and the margins are higher, but you're calculating kind of the different revenue streams. So it's a little bit complex there and traditionally in that business, a lot of it was trading fees which have gone away and interest spreads, which are hopefully temporarily gone away. So the economics in that business with interest spreads are a little more challenged but I think fairly compelling when you get it back. Our platform -- the competitive part of our platform is that isn't RIA custodian not only do we have a firm with an investment grade background, which makes us a great competitor, but we also can offer kind of full systems platforms and others that other firms use third party platforms. So and our goal would be not to allow our platforms to be used for people who want the turnkey as well as integrating third party platforms and also access to our other services such as lending and other things that we do through our bank and access to the other health that we give and through our support centers, which I think are much more robust than most RA platform. So I think it's a strong alternative, we've shown growth we've been in a while. We just talked about it last and we've seen both with the market is trading fees have gone away, is regulation best interest for some of the larger advisors itself. It was just easier to be under the kind of the SEC versus the FINRA on some of all the rules and they could take on the compliance and risk of chosen to do that. So I think it's a long-term trend. It's been a long-term trend. It's just picking up for certain advisors and I think we'll be competitive in that platform too. We just -- we've got a lot of growth -- we've got a lot of growth ahead of us to get us and scale there but so far so good.
Alex Blostein: Great. And then my follow up is around expenses and, Paul, you gave kind of updated thoughts around the comp rate and again, hopefully, it could be better than 70 with a robust capital markets backdrop, but can you talk a little bit about non-comp outlook maybe excluding provision expenses. You guys have been running at a little bit over $300 million this quarter and last quarter on those kind of combination of those lines again excluding credit provisions. How do you guys envision that evolving through the rest of the fiscal year and I guess to what extent sort of the higher recruiting TA packages will push that number higher. Just trying to get some sort of framework to think about it for the rest of the year. Thanks.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I don't think the higher TA packages would really move the needle throughout the year and that shows up in compensation when it starts amortizing not the non-comp line items. So, we were at around 323 this quarter, which is sort of what we are guiding around and that included some NCI expense as well. The only thing that is harder to project is what business development expenses are going to do throughout the year, they're down 50% year-over-year, almost $20 million for the quarter. So we'll see how business travel recovers as we progress throughout the calendar year, but overall, we're really focused as you can tell on managing all of the non-comp line items. Some of them grow naturally with business growth, sub-advisory fees grow with fee-based assets in PCG for example and those were up 12% sequentially. So, you're going to see some natural growth, but the ones that are controllable, ones that we're really focused on managing.
Paul Shoukry: I think in the shorter term, there will be well managed. The question becomes when the environment opens up for conferences and others, we're going to get some rise, but short term, this quarter we certainly don't have any conferences scheduled and I don't know when that opens up some people would say late summer, my guess is it will take a while before people are comfortable with traveling and gathering. So it might be next calendar year before you really see anything there. So, they are still well managed. We're managing them very closely as part of it and plan to do that, but we will add people with growth, and then you recruit an advisor, you've got a hired assistant, you've got your crude [ph] advisors, you've got rent, you've got there is just things if you open a branch. So, but the kind of discretionary stuff we're holding pretty tightly.
Paul Reilly: And maybe one other comment that Paul just reminded me of is the first calendar quarter has some seasonal factors to it -- it is a shorter number of days, so that impacts the your interest billings. We already talked about the impact to asset management billings, there is payroll tax reset in the first calendar quarter across the board, usually higher mailings, which for us shows up in the communication information processing. So, there is some short-term seasonal things from quarter to quarter but kind of echoing Paul's comments on the management of the ones we can control.
Alex Blostein: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Harris: Great, thanks guys. Another one on that the competitive environment for advisors. How does what you're seeing in the marketplace today compared to history, is this about as competitive as you've seen it or not necessarily more like middle of the road. I guess, that's the first part of the question and then second part of the question is are you a little surprised about how competitive it is getting given where interest rates are?
Paul Reilly: So the first question is -- it's always been competitive. It's always been very competitive. We've always had -- well we always said outliers one or two people offering larger pack kind of outsized packages we do to economics. So, it's got a little more broad based. Some of the regional firms that have joined into the fray. So it's a little more competitive in that area. I do think when we really dug into the economics, even though it was like packages, we thought with this interest rate environment made no sense if you structure them right we believe you can get a good return and spreads do come back will be very, very good at our investments in those recruiting packages. So we always kind of modeled our returns to current environment or we are conservative when we had high spreads assuming they're going back to normal or historical averages, in our packages we were assuming they just stay more like where they are now, which I think was probably over-punitive. So we're a little behind, we have room to increase it, and we'll do fine and competitive. It's always been competitive. We always recruited people that had better higher offers in other firms and we've been very successful. So, when we lose some people because of it, yes, we just felt that we got a little out of the market in the last couple of quarters, so we'll correct it, they'll still be a good return for the firm and the other channels have been doing fine. We've added one channel, but we had this happen in other channels and we had to make adjustments and has rebounded. So, the whole business is always competitive. We've never had -- we've never had easy road, right.
Chris Harris: Well you guys make it look easy. So we sometimes forget about that. Quick, quick follow-up for Paul Shoukry, you highlighted a bit more downside to the NIM as we progress through the fiscal year. I'm guessing, that's all coming from the AFS portfolio. Once we get sort of towards the end of the fiscal year, is it fair to say that we're probably close to bottoming on the NIM based on where interest rates are today?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, you're right, Chris. It is really mostly almost all of it is the agency mortgage-backed securities portfolio. We had 2% paper paying off and as people are refinancing their mortgages. You see prepayment speeds accelerate and right now with the Fed buying, I think $40 billion a month is what they committed to -- recommitted to yesterday, the spreads that really tight. I mean, we're talking about 50 basis points or so for three years of duration, can you see -- you aren't getting really paid a lot to take that three years of duration. So, but if you just do the math on that -- that's where if rates don't change for the next year or two, that's where the yield on that portfolio would bottom out, assuming things don't improve in terms of the yield for the securities portfolio, which is why we decelerated the growth of that this quarter and plan on the near-term sort of running in place with that portfolio until we see maybe some improvement in those spreads.
Chris Harris: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jim Mitchell Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Jim Mitchell: Hey, good morning guys. Maybe we could dig into a little bit the NNA business, it's been, obviously it's been an area of focus and investment and obviously big surprise strength this quarter, can you give us some metrics that we can kind of think about number of MDs, the growth rate in MDs, how to think about what is driving the growth and how we can at least model it a little bit better?
Paul Reilly: So we have historically tried all sorts of things [indiscernible] -- underwriting number of MDs, I think there is a number of factors that, Jim, is on our current head, just done a fantastic job of recruiting and developing MDs that are even existing ones are producing are doing deals at levels we never thought that they could do three years ago and we have teams in segments that are just key players and compete against anybody of any size in their vertical. So, we hope Financo which is industry leading and their consumer area, we'll do the same and so we're -- we've been building out vertical by vertical and globally certain sectors. So it's not just MDs, it's really the production of those MDs and the size of deals and everything that's driving that. So every time we give a metric, over time it hasn't really tracked. So we'd be open in May, we'll look at what other disclosures are to see if there's any information that we could give you, but we can't find a metric, especially over quarters because it's a cyclical business to some extent that would give you good indication. So we tried in the past, and we'll -- we'll think about it and try again because if we can find the metric, we'd give it to you.
Jim Mitchell: Well. Well, I would say, MD headcount growth does have a pretty high correlation with long-term growth in advisory fees, so that could be helpful, but I appreciate it. Maybe turning to the comp ratio, Paul, when you talk about 70% or lower, is that sort of assuming that kind of average quarterly run rate in investment banking, how do we think about that target for the year versus the 67.5% in the first quarter. Are you assuming that in your numbers, are you just sort of assuming on an average basis, that 160 to 165?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think that's the primary drivers of the capital markets revenue mix, if you think about it our asset management fees, growing 10% next quarter in the Private Client Group business, that will have somewhere around 75% pay-off associated with it. So even if the capital market segment generated the same revenues next quarter as it did this quarter, which we're not expecting at this juncture, then our comp ratio would go up, so it's just based on the revenue growth in the Private Client Group business. So, it's based on revenue mix and the biggest driver of the upside, I guess in this case the downside in terms of being below 70% would be very, very strong capital markets revenues.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, all right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kyle Voigt, KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I guess maybe a follow-up for Paul, you just spoke that the agency book and agency deals, just wondering if there is any color you could provide on how much more pressure we should expect on the refi loan yield through the remainder of the year, just given that's been drifting all as well.
Paul Shoukry: We see a lot of refi activity there, which frankly is good for our clients, they are taking advantage of the lower rate environment. So, I think you see a little bit more continued pressure there, but certainly not to the same extent as the agency mortgage-backed securities. And with this, the NIM compression in those two categories, as Paul said earlier, we're also focused on opportunistically growing the corporate loan portfolio. So, I think our focus is growing net interest income through asset growth to offset the NIM compression going forward. That's kind of the way we're thinking about the bank's balance sheet.
Paul Reilly: The good news right now is with our capital position and our liquidity position, we got a lot of flexibility. So where we're looking -- we're a growth company and we're looking at that. We certainly came through what we hope is the worst of the pandemic in great shape and it's -- we're feeling more comfortable looking forward. We plan to growing the bank in almost of all the segments, I mean the SBL segment certainly is a great asset for clients and good asset for us, the mortgage market, I think it looks like it's kind of bottomed out. So, hopefully that will continue to grow and get good spreads and we're feeling more comfortable with the corporate side again. So we're -- we're feeling a lot better than we were this time last year or I guess in March of last year.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we're feeling really good this time last year.
Jim Mitchell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Bill Katz, Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for taking the questions this morning. So just going back to maybe NNA broadly, you had mentioned that over time, you sort of pressed $30 million [ph] plus of earn-outs related to two deals. I was wondering if you could help us understand how to think through maybe some of the earnings accretion or in ROE type of construct against that payout as first question.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So the first thing as you've been around this long enough to know that we don't do things for short-term accretion, right. We do -- we're not aggressive in even how we account for any of it, so, we do these projects really because of long-term growth and we think they'll come and I remember getting back into Morgan Keegan and others that we've been similar, we've done things that we think are structured well, their long-term growth. All of these kind of acquisitions have some intangibles that go against P&L. Some of -- they all have usually transitional comp, they have things that in the short term, don't have big impacts, but longer term have high grade impacts and I think that's how you would look at those two deals right now. But we're very, very high on both of them, but I would say the short-term going to have any kind of major accretion at that.
Bill Katz: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just within that second question here. Just in terms of M&A, big picture, and I appreciate the discussion on capital management in Tier 1 level et cetera. How are you thinking about the priorities from here -- there's been some interesting M&A by some of your peers and sort of wondering how are you thinking about what areas of focus from here, would it be asset management or scaling further in the private client business. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I don't think our priorities have changed. So we are looking at both Private Client Group, our biggest business, we've looked at acquisitions as we've said both that private client, but there aren't a lot that really fit, so organic recruiting has been the engine that's driven and if you look back even to 2010, the engine is driven, it's been organic recruiting, not some of the really good acquisitions we've done in that area. We are in the M&A area. We continue to talk to folks and without the cultural fit or some of the deal prices, we bought from some things, I mean these are [indiscernible] deals we've looked at. And the third area that I think we're spending more focus on are things like our -- our plan administrator who is taking businesses we do today and helping to monetize it and going to give great service to our clients and advisors. We've done that in the insurance area with People's Choice. We've done that now within WPS and we plan to keep looking at areas like that -- that use technology and service, that practices both creative service and value to clients and value to us. So there's a lot of things we look at also in the technology area now today. But -- we're very deliberate, but we're very, very active. And so we plan to -- hopefully we would like to do more than we've done, but they have to fit and they have to work. So, we're going to continue on the course we've been on hopefully deploy some more capital.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: I don't think we have any more questions.
Paul Reilly: Well, great. Well, I appreciate you all joining us on the call and certainly a strong quarter for us and again we're very optimistic in terms of the fundamentals. I don't know what will happen with the market, but hopefully this pandemic gets behind us and we feel [indiscernible] Raymond James. And just remember that we have -- I want to remind you that our areas, the home of not just the Stanley Cup Champion, the baseball runner-up and World Series Champions but hopefully the football champions too Raymond James Stadium, where we are playing for the NFL Championship; so thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-10-29 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Raymond James Financial's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded, and will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations Web site. Now, I will turn the call over to Kristie Waugh, Vice President of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristie Waugh: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. Appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James' Investor Relations Web site. Following their prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory development, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, could, and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q, which are available on our Investor Relations Web site. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Kristie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Fiscal year 2020 brought some incredible challenges, what a year. In many ways I'm glad to get it behind us. First, we had the unfolding of the COVID-19 pandemic. Everyone started working from home almost overnight. We experienced social unrest in our country, uncertain economic outlooks, a presidential and congressional election, and a reduction in force which is extremely rare at Raymond James. On the other hand, while this year was one of my more difficult years in my career, in many ways it was also more rewarding because of the way our associates and advisors came together to respond to the crisis really reinforced our unique culture at Raymond James. We kept true to our guiding principles, our core values of conservatism, looking long-term, and focusing on serving our clients. That resulted in great growth even during this period of time, and recruiting was very strong. Net new assets, great retention, all resulted in record client assets under administration. So I want to take this opportunity to say thank you. Thank you to all of our associates and advisors for their tremendous contributions and their unwavering commitment to serving their clients. Now, let me turn to the financials, starting on slide three. In the fiscal fourth quarter, the firm reported net revenues of $2.08 billion, net income of $209 million, and earnings per diluted share of $1.50, excluding expenses of $46 million associated with the reduction of workforce, and a $7 million loss associated with the pending decision of certain non-core operations in France. Adjusted quarterly net income was $249 million, and adjusted earnings per diluted share was $1.78. Return on equity was 11.9%, and adjusted return on tangible common equity was 15.3%. Quarterly net revenues grew 3% over the prior year's period, and 13% over the preceeding quarter primarily driven by higher asset management and related administrative fees, strong fixed income brokerage revenues and record investment banking revenues, which were partially offset by the next impact of lower short-term interest rates. Quarterly expenses were higher, due mainly to compensation expense associated with higher compensation compensable revenues, and reduction in workforce expense incurred during the quarter. While the loan loss provision was higher on a year-over-year basis, it declined significantly from the preceeding two quarters as the economy and economic conditions tended to stabilize, and credit quality of the loan portfolio remained resilient. But given the high degree of market uncertainty, we still wanted to be prudent and adding to our reserves. Looking at the fiscal year 2020 results, on slide four, we generated record net revenues of nearly $8 billion, but lower short-term interest rates and higher loan loss reserves caused the net income to decline to $818 million. On an adjusted basis net income was $585 million, down 20% compared to the adjusted net income in fiscal 2019. Record revenues grew over the prior year as the continued growth of client asset along with record fixed income brokerage and investment banking revenues offset the negative impact of lower interest rates. We generated record revenues in the Private Client Group, Capital Markets and Asset Management segments during the fiscal year, reinforcing the value of having diverse and complimentary businesses. Moving on to slide five, we ended the quarter and fiscal year with period-end records for total client assets under administration of $930 billion, Private Client Group assets in fee-based accounts of $475 billion, and financial assets under management of $153 billion. The strong client asset growth was predominantly driven by equity market appreciation and our continued success in recruiting and retaining financial advisors across all of our affiliation offices. During the fiscal year, we had a net increase of 228 financial advisors to end with a record number of 8,239, a solid result particularly given delays in recruiting and onboarding of advisors during the onset of the COVID-19 crisis. During the fiscal year, financial advisors with over $275 million of trailing 12 production, and approximately $49 billion of assets at their prior firms affiliated with Raymond James domestically. That includes recruiting results during the fourth quarter of $82 million in trailing 12 production, and $13.8 billion of assets at their prior firms, which was by far our best quarter for recruiting during the fiscal year. As for our net organic growth results in the Private Client Group during the year, we generated domestic PCG net new assets of $49 billion, representing 6.5% of domestic PCG client assets at the beginning of the year. Based on what we've seen, we believe this could be amongst the very best in our industry, even including the e-brokers, who benefited from the surge of day and online trading during the year. Looking forward, we are continuing to experience strong recruiting activity across all of our affiliation options as we enter fiscal year 2021. At quarter-end, net bank loans were $21.2 billion, as growth of loans to the PCG clients was offset by a decline in corporate loans. Moving to the segment results on slide 6, the Private Client Group generated quarterly net revenues of $1.39 billion, and pretax income of $125 million. Quarterly net revenues grew by 12% over the preceeding quarter predominantly driven by higher asset management and related administrative fees reflecting higher assets and fee-based accounts which will continue to be a tailwind for the first quarter of fiscal 2021. This strong revenue growth helped PCG's pretax income grow 37% sequentially, although it was down 13% on a year-over-year basis primarily due to the negative impact of lower short-term interest rates. The Capital Markets segment generated record quarterly net revenues of $410 million, and record pretax income of $106 million. A truly amazing quarter for Capital Markets driven by broad-based strength across fixed income, global equities, and investment banking as well as the Raymond James Tax Credit Funds. During the quarter, fixed income brokerage revenues continue to benefit from a high level of client activity, particularly with small- and mid-sized depository clients. Record investment banking revenues were driven by the strength in equity underwriting, M&A, and debt underwriting. The asset management segment generated quarterly net revenues of $184 million and record pre-tax income of $78 million. Record quarterly pre-tax income was driven by the growth of financial assets under management as equity market appreciation and net inflows into the TCGP based accounts more than offset the net outflows for Carillon Tower Associates. Lastly, Raymond James Bank generated quarterly net revenues of $161 million and pre-tax income of $33 million. Compared to a year-ago quarter, net revenues declined primarily due to lower net interest income as lower short-term interest rate caused net interest margin to decline 121 basis points compared to a year-ago period. The quarterly loan loss provision of $45 million increased the allowance for loan loss as percentage loans to 1.65%. On slide seven, you can see the fiscal year results for all of our segments. The firm's record revenues were driven by record revenues in the private client group, capital markets, and asset management segment; a reflection of attractive organic growth and consistent market share gains across businesses. Additionally, the capital market segment -- management segment generated record annual net pre-tax income as both segments generate significant operating leverage during the year. Meanwhile, the pre-tax income declined in both private client group and Raymond James Bank segment due to lower short-term interest rates and higher loan loss provisions at the bank. And now for a more detailed review of the financial results, I'll turn the call over to Paul Shoukry. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Paul. I'll begin with consolidated revenues on Slide 9. Record quarterly net revenues of $208 billion grew 3% year over year and 13% sequentially. Asset management fees grew 9% on a year-over-year basis and 16% sequentially commensurate with the sequential increase in fee-based assets. Private client group asset in fee-based accounts were up 7% during the fiscal fourth quarter, which will provide a tailwind for this line item for the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Consolidated brokerage revenues of $495 million grew 10% over the prior year. This continued strength in fixed income trading helped fuel this growth. For the year, consolidated brokerage revenues were up 8% to almost $2 billion lifted by strong institutional fixed income brokerage revenues of $421 million, which were up 49% over fiscal 2019. While the fixed income business is continuing to benefit from high client activity level, these revenues are inherently difficult to predict. So, I think a reasonable assumption for fiscal 2021 is that these brokerage revenues may end up somewhere between the resultant fiscal year 20019 and the record achievements of year 2020, but again, it is highly uncertain and will largely be driven by market conditions throughout the year. Account and service fees of $140 million declined 22% year over primarily due to the decrease in RJBDP fees from third-party banks due to lower short-term interest rates which I'll discuss along with net interest income in more detail on the next two slides. Consolidated investment banking revenues of $222 million grew 41% year over year, achieving a record result driven by strong equity underwriting, debt underwriting, and M&A advisory revenues. For the fiscal year, we generated record investment banking revenues of $650 million which was up 9% over the prior year's record, really amazing result given the high degree of market uncertainty during the year. While our investment banking pipelines are robust, closings will largely be dependent on conducive markets which we can't necessarily count on, given, we are still in the middle of a global pandemic. Coming to other revenues, which was $57 million for the quarter, this line included $12 million of private equity valuation games, of which approximately $3 million were attributable to non-controlling interest reflected in other expenses. Additionally, tax credit fund revenues finished the year with a very strong fiscal fourth quarter. Moving to slide 10, clients' domestic cash sweep balances, which are the primary source of funding for interest earning assets and the balances with third-party banks that generate RJBDP fees ended the quarter at $55.6 billion, increasing 7% sequentially, and representing 6.7% of domestic PCG client assets. On slide 11, the top chart displays our firmwide net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks on a combined basis, as these two items are directly impacted by changes in short-term interest rates. As you can see, the interest rate cuts have put significant pressure on these revenue streams, which on a combined basis are down $143 million compared to the prior year's fiscal fourth quarter. This has had, and is expected to continue to have -- provide a significant headwinds for compensation ratio in pre-tax margin, particularly as these revenue streams are not directly compensable. On the bottom of slide 11, RJ Bank's NIM was 2.09% in the fourth quarter, just below the range we guided to last quarter. The sequential decline in NIM was predominantly caused by the decline in LIBOR, as well as a higher concentration of lower yielding agency-backed securities in the bank's balance sheet, but, remember while the agency-backed securities reduced the bank's NIM, they do represent an increase in spread compared to what we earned off balance sheet with third-party banks. If LIBOR rates have bottom out, going forward, the bank's NIMs would really be impacted more by asset mix and market spread, but based on what we know now, we are expecting the bank's NIM to be around 2% in fiscal 2021. On the bottom right portion of the slide, the average yield on RJBDP fees of 33 basis points brought down significantly year-over-year due to lower short-term interest rate was flat sequentially. We expect this to remain around 30 basis points in fiscal 2021. Moving to consolidated expenses on slide 12, first, compensation expense, which is by far our largest expense. The compensation ratio decreased sequentially from 69.6% to 68.1% during the quarter, primarily due to record revenues in the capital market segment, which had a 56% compensation ratio during the quarter. The year-over-year increase in the compensation ratio was primarily due to the negative impact from lower short-term interest rates as I explained on the last slide. During the quarter, we announced a reduction in force, which is something we very seldom do, given our strong culture and the value we place on stability at Raymond James, but the reduction was unfortunately unavoidable, given the significant impact of the unexpected interest rate cuts in margin. All else being equal, we expect a reduction in force to benefit the compensation ratio and consolidated pre-tax margin by approximately 100 basis points starting in the fiscal first quarter of 2021. However, it is important to remember that the compensation ratio is also impacted by revenue index, given the different compensation ratios in each one of our segments. PCG has the highest compensation ratio due to the independent contractor channel, where advisors receive high pay-outs because they cover most of their overhead expenses like real-estate. The compensation ratio is also impacted by the level of recruiting activity as transition assistance is amortized in the compensation line. For example, this year, advisor transition assistance and retention amortization had an impact of approximately 340 basis points to the firm's overall compensation ratio. So, a lot of moving parts, but given near zero short-term interest rates, we are confident we can maintain a compensation ratio of 70% or better, especially after the reduction in force, and that's utilizing conservative assumptions relative to the record capital markets results we achieved in the fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020. I will touch a bit more on compensation on the next slide. On to non-compensation expenses, non-compensation expenses are $408 million, increased 17% year-over-year as lower business development expenses were more than offset by a higher bank loan loss provision along with $46 million associated with reduction in workforce expenses, and a $7 million loss associated with the pending disposition of certain non-core operations in France. Other expenses also increased during the quarter due to several items hitting during the quarter, including a reserve for state franchise taxes, the aforementioned non-controlling interests associated with the private equity valuation gains and a couple of other items. I know many of you may ask what our guidance is for non-compensation expenses in fiscal 2021. Unfortunately, there is just too much uncertainty to provide guidance on that line item. For example, business development expenses and bank loan loss provision expenses are two items that will be heavily influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic and the economic recovery throughout the year. What I can tell you is we are extremely focused on managing each and every single one of the controllable expenses, while still investing in growth and high service levels for our advisors and their clients. Turning to slide 13, there's been a lot of focus on our expense management over the past few years, so we thought it was appropriate to take a minute to reflect on the trend. This chart depicts the year-over-year growth rates of administrative compensation expense in the Private Client Group segment since fiscal year 2016. We highlight this particular expense item because it incorporates the majority of the compensation growth associated with the infrastructure buildup we have been focused on over the past several years, including the majority of technology, operations and risk management and control areas as we fully allocate almost all of these expenses to the businesses and PCG is by far our largest business. As you can see after short-term interest rates started increasing at the end of 2015, we have reinvested a large portion of the spread benefit into our businesses to strengthen our platform. About two years ago, we told you that we would start decelerating that growth, which you can really see this fiscal year with a 4% growth rate, and that's our REITS reduction in force. We expect this growth rate to be even lower, maybe even close to flats in fiscal year 2021, and remember this administrative compensation also includes the growth related expenses like new sales assistants that joined the firm with a recruited advisor. So we hope to see this line grow over time, this as long as we keep it lower than long-term revenue growth. So, this slide really highlights two things. First, we use this benefit of higher spreads to reinvest in that business and ensure we have a platform that can support our future growth, and we are glad we took advantage of that window of opportunity as we wouldn't want to be playing catch up with our infrastructure investments in this rate environment, and secondly, the deceleration of these expenses reinforces our longstanding approach to managing controllable expenses, especially during difficult market environment. Slide 14 shows the pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. Pre-tax margin was 12.3% in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2020 and adjusted pre-tax margin was 14.9%. Again, I know many of you would want our guidance for this metric, but they're just simply too much market uncertainty in the midst of this pandemic to give you targets with any level of confidence, but the margins this quarter were obviously boosted by the record capital market results as this segment generates a 26% pre-tax margin, which is a record. On slide 15, at the end of fiscal fourth quarter, total assets were approximately $47.5 billion, a 6% sequential increase. This increase was primarily attributable to shifting client assets from third-party banks to Raymond James Bank for the continued purchases of securities. Liquidity is very strong. Cash at the parent was more than $2 billion of which about $1 billion are excess cash over our conservative targets, but we are intentionally maintaining even more cash than we typically hold given the high degree of market uncertainty. So with cash at the parent of more than $2 billion, a total capital ratio of 25.4% and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 14.2%, we have substantial amounts of capital and liquidity with plenty of flexibility to be both defensive and opportunistic. Slide 16 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 678,000 shares for $50 million in average price of approximately $73.75 per share. As of October 27, 2020, $487 million remained available under the board's current share repurchase authorization. In total, over the past five quarters, we returned nearly $680 million to shareholders through dividends and repurchases under the board's authorization. With our strong capital and liquidity position, we expect to continue share repurchases of at least $50 million per quarter to offset share-based compensation dilution in fiscal 2021, and we will certainly consider doing more buybacks during the year as well as appropriate. On the next two slides, we provide additional detail on the bank's loan portfolio. Slide 17 provides some detail on Raymond James Bank's asset composition. In the pie chart, you can see we have a really well diversified portfolio, with the focus over the past few years to grow residential mortgages and securities based loans to private client group clients, as well as significantly increase the size of the securities portfolio, which ended the quarter at $7.7 billion, or 25% of the bank's total assets. These securities are almost all agency-backed securities. So we have a much more diversified portfolio now than we did before the last financial crisis. The Slide also highlights the diversification we have within each segment of the portfolio. Lastly, on Slide 18, we provide key credit metrics for Raymond James Bank. During the quarter, we opportunistically sold approximately $340 million of corporate loans at the average selling price of 92% at par value. In total, over the past two quarters, we sold nearly $700 million of corporate loans associated with industries we believe are most vulnerable to the COVID-19 pandemic. While we're now much more confident with the remaining corporate loans in our portfolio, we'll continue to be opportunistic in selling certain corporate loans, but we've also recently resumed being opportunistic and deliberate in investing in new corporate loans that are in sectors that we believe are less negatively impacted by the COVID-19 crisis. Quarterly net charge-offs of $26 million were all related to the aforementioned loan sales during the quarter. The quarterly loan loss provision of $45 million resulted in the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans to increase to 1.65%, and for the corporate portfolios, the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of C&I loans increased to 2.7% and for CRE loans it increased to 3.1%. While non-performing assets remained low at just 10 basis points of total assets in the fourth quarter, the amount of criticized loans increased, as we have still been proactive in downgrading loans as we get more information, but we have experienced positive trends with deferrals during the quarter. As of September 30, only 11 of our corporate loans representing 1.7% of balances were on COVID related deferrals, which was down from 3.1% in the preceding quarter. Similarly, residential mortgages on COVID related deferrals declined from 2.6% of balances in the preceding quarter to just 1.6% of balances at the end of the quarter. We implemented CECL on October 1, which we expect will increase our allowances by approximately $40 million to $50 million with the majority of that increase attributable to recruiting and retention-related loans to financial advisors in PCG, which now require a larger allowance under CECL than it did under the incurred loss method. Going forward, our allowances and provision expenses will be impacted by macroeconomic conditions, as well as individual loan performance using the CECL models, and as the surge in COVID cases over the past two weeks has reminded us we're not out of the woods yet. Now, turning the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook, Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As for outlook, we're extremely well positioned entering fiscal 2021 with strong capital ratios, and quarter-end records for client assets, and the number of Private Client Group financial advisors. However, we will face continued headwinds from a full-year of lower short-term interest rates, and there's still a high degree of uncertainty given the COVID-19 pandemic and upcoming Presidential and Congressional election. In the Private Client Group segment, our financial advisor recruiting pipeline is strong across all of our affiliation options, and the segment is going to benefit by starting the fiscal first quarter of 2021 with a 7% sequential increase of assets in fee based accounts. In the Capital Market segment, investment banking activity levels remain strong, and we're cautiously optimistic as long as the economic conditions don't deteriorate that will continue, and in fixed income, brokerage revenues remain strong thus far in October, but we've set a high bar to keep up with for next year. In the Asset Management segment, results were positively impacted by higher financial assets under management as long as the equity markets remain resilient, and Raymond James Banks will continue to benefit from the attractive growth in mortgages and securities-based loans to DCG clients. Given the high degree of uncertainty, we'll continue to be conservative and cautious of adding to the corporate loan portfolio, and we will be ready and willing to resume more significant corporate loan growth when the economic outlook is more certain. Our growth priorities remain unchanged. Our top priority is organic growth, which is primarily driven by retaining and recruiting advisors in the Private Client Group. And as I stated earlier, our annual organic PCG domestic net new asset growth of 6.5% in fiscal year 2020 has been best-in-class in the industry despite the COVID-19-related challenges. Additionally, we are continuing to add senior talent in our other businesses such as investment banking. We also continue to actively pursue acquisitions. We will still be deliberate and pursue only transactions that are a great cultural fit as well as a strategic and economic benefit. We are entering into more discussions than ever as we see the year-end coming closer and the economic uncertainty has brought more people to the table. As Paul Shoukry mentioned, we are still continuing to repurchase shares to offset share-based compensation dilution, and are prepared to increase repurchases as appropriate when the economic outlook is clearer. Before we open the line for questions, I want to thank all of our associates and advisors again for their invaluable contributions during these trying times. I'm incredibly proud of our accomplishments and their tireless efforts to support each other and our clients. We are entering fiscal 2021 well positioned in all of our businesses, and we have significant opportunities for continued growth. We have something special here at Raymond James, where we have the scale and scope of services to compete with the largest firms in the industry, while at the same time having this unique advisor and client-facing culture that's increasingly difficult to find in our industry. As long as we preserve that unique competitive advantage and advisor-centric attitude I am confident in our ability to generate relatively attractive long-term returns for our shareholders in any market. With that, Operator, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning.
Paul Reilly: Hi.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. So, I know you don't have any guidance around pretax margins in the near-term, and you had noted that there is a lot of uncertainty especially on the non-comp side, but I was wondering if you can help us with where you see you can manage the business once we're passed the loan loss side but we still have lower [rates] [ph], and as you speak to that, maybe you can also talk to what the puts and takes are from the 14.9% adjusted margin you had this quarter and what the headwinds are from here, and I know it's rates in hiring, but it also sounds like you have some more room on the expense side. So if you can give us more details there.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, like you said, a lot of moving parts. Obviously the record results in Capital Markets was generated, I think, at 26% margin, certainly less than the firm's overall margins, and that's just a high bar going forward. And then business development expenses, obviously still subdued given the COVID-19 pandemic, and the provisions are elevated -- hopefully they're elevated, hopefully they get better going forward as we have more economic certainty. So a lot of puts and takes, which is why it's hard to give you guidance here near-term. What I can tell you is if you look historically at our pretax margin, last time we were in a kind of near-zero rate environment, we were generating roughly a 15% type pretax margin. Now, we're entering this period with higher recruiting results coming into this period, so that leads to higher transition assistance amortization. I think the impact of that relative to that period of time is about 100 basis points. So we're not really ready to give targets yet, but if you just do that math it gets you to about a 14% to 15% type pretax margin. But again, that could be two years out, I mean depending on market conditions.
Paul Reilly: I think the other challenge is Private Client Group will have tailwinds with the 7% start in their asset base into the quarter, but obviously Capital Markets has very, very strong results, and [technical difficulty] quarter, I mean Capital Markets is lumpy by nature, closings are lumpy by nature. So it's just challenging to come with a number, but again, we're razor-focused on expenses. We've operated in that 14% to 15% margin when we had no help from interest rates not that many years ago, so in the same team. So we're focused on managing our expenses and on growth. So it's just hard to give guidance given the pandemic may impact loan loss reserves which will certainly impact the numbers or if companies pay to operate in our portfolio a lot they won't be elevated. So it's just too difficult to give a number.
Manan Gosalia: Got it, and then maybe on the securities side, you added about $2 billion to your securities with this quarter. But at the same time, it looks like deposits at both third-party banks and RJF Bank were up quite substantially in the quarter, so you're getting a fair amount of deposit growth. Do you have some sort of target amount that you are comfortable holding in securities, and can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the duration risk, it's the long end of the curve? We'll start from there.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think we still want to be more exposed to the short end of the curve than the long end of the curve just given the floating rate nature of our deposit. So we did grow securities substantially, but then if you think about our balance sheet priorities in terms of where we want to grow the bank, the first priority would be growing loans to Private Client Group clients, both mortgages and securities-based loans, really because it has a two-pronged benefit. The first is it helps us strengthen -- our advisors strengthen their relationships with their clients with really what's a competitive mortgage and securities-based loan offering, and it also generates a very good risk-adjusted return for the bank. So it's sort of a win-win, which is why that's the highest priority, and it fortunately has been growing pretty consistently at an attractive rate. Our second priority typically is growing the corporate loan portfolio, but obviously given the pandemic that we're in the midst of we've actually been selling loans, as you know. And we're going to be very selective in adding new loans that are less exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic, and then really our third priority is growing the securities, particularly now when the incremental yield you get for the duration exchange is paltry relative to the risk return tradeoff. So, we're going to do that all in the context of trying to keep the bank's standalone Tier 1 leverage ratio at around 7.5%, give or take, which is where it is now after we've grown the securities portfolio right around 7.5%. Now, we could always -- we have a lot more capital. We have a 14% ratio at the firm overall, so we could always contribute more capital to the bank if one of those three categories of assets at the bank generates higher volumes and attractive risk-adjusted return. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. So while we have a lot of capital and cash capacity to grow the bank more rapidly, given where we are in the midst of this COVID-19 pandemic I think we're going to be very patient in deploying that capacity.
Manan Gosalia: So, it sounds like [indiscernible] you would end up growing -- sorry, go on.
Paul Reilly: Go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: I was just saying, so -- 
Paul Reilly: Go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: So it sounds like you would end up growing the securities book just in line with the cash inflows that you gained from clients?
Paul Shoukry: That's probably an oversimplification. I think we'll just grow it sort of as we have excess capacity to grow the bank's balance sheet relative to the loan growth.
Manan Gosalia: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And thank you for your question. Up next, we have a question from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is Michael, and I'm just filling in for Steven. Congrats on a great quarter. Just wanted to start off with one on the expense savings opportunity, I guess my question is, based on the expense actions you're taking, assuming some normalization of activity, how should we think about efficiency levels or how we're going to see that impact flow through the expense run rate? And should we expect a slower pace of expense growth from here? Thanks so much.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think what I said in my prepared remarks was that the reduction in would workforce would benefit the compensation ratio and the pretax margin, all else being equal, which it never is, but all else being equal would benefit those two metrics by about 100 basis points starting in the fiscal first quarter of 2021.
Paul Reilly: I think that certainly the difference, as you saw the expense chart that Paul talked about earlier. So they're managing expenses very tightly. So it's certainly we see this year on an apples to apples basis that growth, as Paul said, [indiscernible]. So we're managing it very tightly. Now, if the economy opens up and there's more business development conference, then certainly that will impact expenses, but I can see the expenses of managing down before the pandemic by the results last year and the expense from the reduction in force really benefit starting this quarter. So I think you're going to see tighter, much better business expense management given the environment, just as we, years ago, in a zero rate environment.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, great, thanks. My follow-up, maybe just pivoting over to M&A, we've seen continued consolidation in the asset management space. Could you give some color around your appetite for potentially doing a deal in that space or maybe other areas? Thanks again.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think our priorities on M&A haven't changed, versus we've focused on Private Client Group as an area of where it's our main business. That there aren't a lot of opportunities generally in that space there that moves the needle in our type of wealth management business, but that certainly are active there, and are proactive reaching out, and then, at the same we continue to grow that business organically through recruiting and through strategic niche acquisitions and certainly are looking there. And asset management is also an area we've looked to add to the products and opportunities. So those are the areas we focused on, but we're open [technical difficulty] and actually improve our businesses and strategically will have a long-term impact. We aren't looking at deals for size. So, there's been [technical difficulty] in the market that's really just a, I call it financial engineering or lower revenue or advisor or -- you know, we're looking at really staying true to our core businesses and growing and expanding our -- those offerings, not just being bigger for bigger sake.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Thanks for the color, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Continuing on, we now have a question from the line of Bill Katz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for taking my questions this morning. First question just maybe staying on the capital management fee for a moment, you mentioned that, obviously, a lot of firepower in the balance sheet, and that you've looked to sort of pick up buyback as things improve. Could you give us a sense of what milestones you might be looking at, at macroeconomic level so you get that comfort or perhaps some kind of valuation metric of your own stock that we can monitor to sort of see or anticipate something more than just the offset of stock-based comp dilution?
Paul Reilly: This can be -- and that's a very complex question. So I mean in terms of we -- we've long-term if you talk about customer evaluation metrics as go up to repurchase. The difference right now is the environmental outlook, which is hard to see. So there is a lot of -- and there's also a lot of negative implications the regulators look [indiscernible] around share repurchases, and so there's, I'll call it, public interest in share repurchases. So we're at a time right now where as we look at wave two, which is obviously hitting the country, is when do we think we're through that, and that we want capital, not just for defensive purposes, but we also believe that there is a more difficult economic times as we've seen in this period, drag out longer more interest in people doing things. So that's going to be a judgment call. It's not clear what's going to happen in these next couple of quarters with the pandemic, and so, until we get a view on that, that we think we can get solid economic returns off that, we're going to hold back to make sure that we have plenty of capital to be defensive and offensive. So, I [technical difficulty] answer on it.
Bill Katz: Okay. No, that's helpful nonetheless, and then maybe just a follow-up question for either you or Paul, I just appreciate all the guidance around expenses where you can -- given your very strong recruiting pipeline, and I appreciate that this is a very fluid fiscal year for you, the business development cost in this particular quarter, is this a fair run rate relative to the recruitment pipeline, or is there some potential lift in that, given the very strong recruitment pipeline that you're speaking to?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean the business development cost down 58% I think year-over-year just reflects a lack of travel, client-related activity relative to normal activity level. So, I would expect as we get through the COVID crisis for business development cost to -- expenses to get much closer to where they were, maybe even going back to the first quarter of the fiscal year even with that elevated recruiting, but again, it will all depend on how much recruiting we do going forward, but I would say certainly this quarter's number was very low.
Paul Reilly: And a lot of that [technical difficulty] -- the big numbers in conferences and things that have been postponed that we don't see really coming certainly, we've moved back everything to the first-half of the year, but our Chairman's reward trips, our educational conferences are important to us and our culture, but those will resume at some point, but we don't see them coming in these next few quarters. And [through this in] [ph] recruiting, we have a lot of deferred recruiting, we have a lot of commitments that are pushed back join dates because of COVID, and when that breaks through, I think we expect a very, very robust recruiting, but I don't think that recruiting line in itself is a big driver of short-term business development expenses.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you both.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Next, we have a question from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Harris: Thanks, guys. It's a really strong quarter for investment banking, you highlighted that. Can you guys maybe unpack the drivers for us a little bit more, and I'm really just kind of interested to know like how broad based the strength is that you're seeing in investment banking, or whether it's from a concentrated and a handful of transactions, and then, how are you feeling about the sustainability of the revenues that you're seeing, not banking?
Paul Reilly: I can just tell you it's been pretty broad based. Our largest groups, tech services, and real-estate have continued to perform well -- continue to perform well, and I think their backlogs are very strong, as well as banking across all of our sectors, as you can see from the industry is up. So, I would say our top performing sectors have continued to outperform and the other sectors are having good years also. So, it's pretty broad based, and if you look at backlog for -- backlog is not any good unless a deal closes, it's very, very strong. So, again, we've seen deals shut-off and we've seen deals accelerate, and I don't know if there'll be a rush at the end of the year if there's presidential and congressional changes, and anticipated tax rate changes, whether that rush those deals to close at year-end. So, it's just hard to tell, but I can just tell you the activities is broad based.
Chris Harris: Okay, great, and just a quick follow-up for Paul Shoukry, I know there's a lot of moving parts to loan portfolio, you want to be selective with C&I, but you can potentially see some growth in other areas, maybe you'll sell some more loans, maybe not. Given all of that, could we potentially see growth in the loan portfolio for fiscal '21?
Paul Shoukry: I think it's possible, especially depending on the growth in the Private Client Group loans, the securities-based loans, I think we hope to still continue growing that over 10% and the mortgage growth has been pretty strong as well. So that's certainly possible. I think, what we're trying to do going forward is if you look at the slide that shows the combined interest, net interest income and the BDP fees from third-party banks, so you have to really look at it on a combined basis. What we're hoping is that this quarter I hate to call a trough because you never know, but certainly the short-term rates has sort of been fully reflected in the loan portfolio, all the floating rate loans, almost all of them have reset, and so, we hope to grow that number from this point forward assuming cash balances remain relatively resilient at the current levels. So that's the hope, but again if we don't grow loans this year as much as we can given our capacity for our cash and capital capacity then they all just give us more dry powder for the next year, and we're going to grow loans, especially the corporate loans, when we're comfortable with the sort of economic environment and the lack of certainty -- there's less uncertainty than there is now and we're looking at this. We're making long-term decisions. So if it takes two years to get to that level of comfort, then we'll have more dry powder then and that rate of growth will be higher than if we don't grow it as much this year. So, we're going to be patient and make the best decisions based on what we know in the economic environment.
Chris Harris: Excellent.
Paul Reilly: We are starting to see some corporate opportunities, what looks like decent spreads and some flows and some you go through cycles, and so what that continues or strengthens, I don't know, but again, I agree with Paul, we're going to be cautious on those. We are staying on the flow and looking at those opportunities.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Jim Mitchell: Hey, good morning. Maybe just a question on the recruiting a little bit more detail, if you could just sort of share where you're seeing the growth, it does seem broad based, but is there any kind of geographic concentration? Is it mostly from the wirehouses still, and maybe a little bit of an update on sort of the West coast where I think you've been have the least amount of penetration. How has that been going in terms of ramping that up?
Paul Reilly: So, the color on recruiting it or we look and recruiting is great across all of our affiliation options from employee independent to the RA channel. So, we've been very pleased that the growth in all three. I'd say recruiting has been broad-based as much as we focus southwest where we've continued to gain momentum. There's still a lot of recruiting going in places where we're strong, like the Midwest and other areas. So it's a very broad base. The wirehouses continue to be the primary contributor to our recruiting pipeline although there are other firms where we through periods of time also get, but it's mainly wirehouse-driven, and the recruiting outlook looks very, very good, and [technical difficulty] pipeline looks very strong, and again, a part of that is due to the deferrals, especially in the employee channels. Our branches had been closed. They're open now, but a lot of the folks during that period of time did want to move into a closed branch. So the employee lagged a little bit too independent channel during this last year, but we're seeing activity across all the channels then.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, that's helpful, and may be just second question on the investment banking business. Obviously, it's strong -- pipeline strong. Is that an area that you're investing into grow? Or is this just kind of reaping a good environment? I'm just trying to get a sense of what you think of sort of the organic or market share growth that you might be targeting in across investment banking.
Paul Reilly: I'm sorry if you guys haven't noticed the investment because we plotted them there, but a focus on growing the M&A business acquiring a firm in Europe, which has been terrific. A few years ago, that's really added to our cross border, adding a lot of very, very senior bankers in healthcare and other areas and looking at boutiques and tuck-insurance, and so, I think both the environments good as we got through earnings releases by everybody, but the reason that our numbers are so good, we've invested in the bankers that have made a big difference, and we'll continue to, so especially in M&A where we're probably under size, given our size and our great capital market strengths, we will continue to invest particularly in that area hopefully, given the rest of the business and our good research. We can continue to grow that.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Continuing on, our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning guys.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Most have been asked here, but just a couple of kind of cleanup. So, the first one on just the election next week, and I'm trying to think about some of the considerations to the extent there is an administration change, and I appreciate there's a lot of nuance in terms of what happens there, but are there any regulatory items that you're kind of focused on in administration change, whether it be the potential for more onerous rule relative to SEC's Reg, I'm not sure if the TOL could re-insert itself, but that that's it all in a conversation of states, specifically could feel more emboldened to disrupt kind of where the industry has been moving towards? I'm curious if there's any kind of chatter of that and then just more broadly thinking about the potential for higher tax rates in any businesses that you guys feel like that that could impact for you?
Paul Reilly: Yes, so Devin, it's complicated. So first, the world always seems to turn when parties change. So, despite the changes, and we have to, we all compete in the same environment, so we feel very comfortable competing in whatever that environment is. So I think that if there is Congressional and Presidential party change that certainly axes are the ones that will be I mean, I think in most businesses shouldn't have a huge impact, the business will go on, our tax credit business will probably benefit from it. Higher the tax rate, more value of those credits, and I think Low Income Housing will still be a target for the administration. So I think relative unless tax rates go totally crazy that the world will go on. So regulatory, we always monitor regulatory change, and even with what is considered a business friendly White House, we've had some pretty big regulatory changes with Reg BI, and so I think you're talking about matters of degree. Could there be tweaks to that? Yes, it doesn't look like the number one platform of the Democratic nominee is seeking regulatory reform. So it really more counselor who's put into the offices and a number of the key ones, but people are in those positions for a couple of years, even after the Election. So they usually set the tone on enforcement and other things. So I don't think there's going to be a short-term impact no matter what the Election is longer-term, certainly there could be. So, I think it's all speculation, we were the states, you always worry about individual states, because it makes the business very complex, and most of those changes not come forward that the major contracts or business, so it's a no, but we will compete whatever the environment is, and whatever the rules are.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thanks, Paul, and just a follow-up here, just want to pull in together, the expense conversation and just make sure that we're fully appreciating kind of all moving parts. So I guess first and foremost is the evaluation that you guys referenced last quarter is that now complete with all the changes and some of the detail that you provided here, and then obviously, the reduction in force or are there more things that you're looking at internally that could also move the needle on the expense trajectory from this point, and then also, just want to make sure, that doesn't feel like there's probably any big revenue considerations from. I just want to make sure that we're understanding that as well.
Paul Reilly: So I'd say that, first maybe there was the risk and we're not playing anymore. So, last time we really had any reduction was after nine and after -- couple years after the Morgan Keegan acquisition where we did a small one, but we waited a couple of years trying to get everybody employed. So, I think that's behind us. So, there's nothing of that size. But, we are managing infrastructure spend, technology spend. You go across the board, we are still looking at how do we get more efficient and continue bringing cost. We have a big service initiative going on as we believe we are at high service levels. So, we want to increase those from an advisor standpoint. We look at areas not only become better at services, but be more efficient which is longer-term project. So, they are all very expensive, but there's no big needle movers as the reduction of force.
Devin Ryan: Okay, perfect. I'll leave it there. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe first just on the AFS portfolio. Wondering if you could help us understand where currently investment rates are with an average three-year duration that's still sitting just under 100 basis points, and secondly, when or if you are able to start opportunistic buy back later this year, will that change your desire to allocate capital to growing AFS portfolio at this pace?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Kyle, you are right on with your kind of estimate on the yield. It's right around -- just under 1% for sort of the three-year type duration, and in terms of the decision whether to buy back shares or grow the portfolio, we have enough capital frankly to do both if we're comfortable doing both. So, we have a lot of capacity and flexibility and certainly the ability to do both just as we have been over the last couple of years.
Kyle Voigt: Got it, and just on the cash balances, I mean those continue to grow quite nicely. Just wondering if you can just provide an update maybe on a long-term target for the percentage of those balances, or how you are thinking that the percentage of balances that you are comfortable migrating to the balance sheet over time?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think I get a lot of variables in terms of the capital, the returns that we are getting on assets of the funding with cash. And frankly what the demand is from third-party banks, which was very high in March when these banks were seeing revolver draws. They needed cash to cover those draws. And since then, a lot of those revolver draws have been paid back and the banking system is generally flushed with cash right now. So, we are on a net basis seeing -- some banks still want that cash. But on a net basis, the demand is diminishing. So, that's really benefit of having a bank in our business. It gives us a lot of flexibility, and the demand from third-party banks continue to diminish and things continue to recover in the economy, and we have good risk adjusted returns in the assets of the bank and investment them, and we would be comfortable putting large portion of those cash balances on the balance sheet so long as it doesn't compromise the client's ability to get the maximum FDIC coverage. We are one of the few firms that offer up to $3 million for joint account of FDIC coverage through our waterfall program. And so, it gives us a lot of flexibility to continue growing the balance sheet.
Kyle Voigt: Yes. And then, lastly from me and I'll leave it there. Just a really cleanup question, reduction in force, should we expect any additional onetime charges this quarter? And I know it'll impact the admin line within PCG. Just wondering what other segments we could see some level of impact on them -- on competition?
Paul Shoukry: We took the vast, vast majority of the associated expense in that $46 million this quarter. So, I don't think that there will be any meaningful numbers kind of going forward related to the reduction in force in terms of cost. And then in terms of -- PCG is our largest business. Most of the support cost, control cost, risk management cost gets allocated to PCG, but I think the reduction was fairly broad based in terms of the businesses. So, I think you'll just see it on a consolidated basis in the administrative compensation line item in each business. But private client group business is by far the largest consumer of that administrative expense.
Kyle Voigt: Yes, thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Chris Allen with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Allen: Good morning guys. Two quick ones, one, I am wondering if the -- if you have seen any changes in competitiveness in the recruiting environment, just give us a little commentary, we have heard some of the big banks and [indiscernible] sounds like some of them are getting more aggressive on the packages. Wondering if you are seeing any change there?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I would say that first, everyone -- since I have been in this business, everybody asks that question. It's always competitive, right. So, sometimes players change. Sometimes even people say they are getting out of the market and recruiting may get out for a quarter or two and they are right back in. So, it's always been competitive, and firms change or firms that have done better who are paying lot of money relative to what we pay for transition assistance, and I think we have kind of kept our great balance of being fair to the people coming over and having them come over for the environment. So, we get out of it sometimes, yes. But, that's not new for us, but what we believe is we offer the best home and the best tools and the best platform. So, it's competitive out there. It's -- and sometimes it's more competitive in the independent channels. People get aggressive. The employee channel I think in this quarter or two, people have really kind of been more aggressive in what they are willing to pay, and we continue to sell our long-term value proposition. So, it's always competitive. And we've done pretty good at this for a long time now. So, we are keeping our focus and very happy with the great teams we are bringing in.
Chris Allen: Yes, and just another quick one, sort of news articles just in terms of you are reorganizing the custody divisions, combing broker-dealers and hybrid RIA custody units. I am just wondering if that was looking to be more offensive just given the mergers were [indiscernible] trade, just in terms of opportunity around RIA custody, any color there will be helpful.
Paul Reilly: Yes, we are focused on our growth first, and we've had that division for a long time. We felt that eventually with enough regulatory change, I think BI was one with an acceleration of movement, which we saw before June 30 and somewhat slowing down now, but the RIA channels in the past is growing, percentage was the highest in the industry for a long time. So, the move was really just to consolidate the scale of the businesses the custodial business and they are much more related than they are not. So, we wanted to combine them to make sure that we have more size and scale to focus on that for management there.
Chris Allen: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the presentation back to Mr. Reilly to continue for his concluding remarks.
Paul Reilly: Well, thank you all for joining us. So, we know that harder jobs like ours are predicting what's going to happen. Remember a lot of years where we could just kind of draw a line and look at turns and pretty much tell you what was going to happen. And certainly that's not this environment right now. So, we'll try to give you as much guidance as we can when we think we can see it. We don't want to make up numbers or make up things to just to help you putting a modal that don't have a base. So, I think with the outlook, it's more difficult. Having said that, I think you can see the commitment to expense reduction that we talked about. You can see comparing to your last year, it's certainly better this year, and we are really focused on growth. We've still been focused on growth, and the one thing if you really manage your expenses and continue to grow, you get pretty good financial results. So, we think long term, we are doing the right thing. We've got the focus, and as we get more clarity, we will try to give it to you, and hopefully [indiscernible] soon, we can give you better targets when we could in the middle of this hopefully not a bad second wave of the pandemic, but thank you all for joining us, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again. Be well.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-07-31 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Raymond James Financial Fiscal Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Bridget, and I will be your conference facilitator today. [Operator Instructions] And will be available for replay on the company's Investor Relations website. Now I will turn the call over to Kristie Waugh, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. Please go ahead.
Kristie Waugh: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this call. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James' Investor Relations website. Following their prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Please note, certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory development, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, could and would as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events. Are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in the most recent Form 10-K and subsequent forms 10-Q, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release and presentation. With that, I'm happy to turn it over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Kristie, and good morning, everyone, and thanks so much for joining us. This is our second call during the COVID crisis. And but the first one, we're a little more geographically scattered. So technology and Internet willing enable, we should hopefully to have a good call here. I'm really proud of how the firm has performed during this period with the COVID crisis, social justice issues our associates and advisors have been amazing. The advisors have focused on their clients, growing their business with great net new asset numbers. Our associates have really worked hard to support them. And all of Raymond James has come together to discuss and make commitments on the social justice issue. And August is Raymond James Cares month to see how we're helping those needy and smaller groups and virtually is really inspiring. And getting into the numbers, despite lower short-term interest rates and economic uncertainty associated with COVID-19, I'm really pleased with the results for the third quarter. Fixed income generated record revenues and pre-tax income, PCG assets and fee-based accounts increased 16% sequentially, and we continue to recruit numerous high-quality financial advisors reaching a new record of 8,155, up 251 over June of 2019. We recruited 113 financial advisors domestically during this quarter alone which represents $71 million of trailing 12 production at their prior firms, all of this during the pandemic and with our offices closed for much of that period. We are also entering the fourth quarter of a healthy investment banking pipeline. Even with these market changes and uncertainty, we are continuing to focus on servicing our advisors and clients and growing all of our businesses. We generated quarterly net revenue of $1.83 billion, which was down 5% as compared to prior year's fiscal third quarter and 11% compared to the preceding quarter. The year-over-year decline in quarterly net revenues was largely driven by the impact of short-term interest rates, as we all know, both on net interest income and RJBDP fees to the third party banks. Sequentially, quarterly net revenues declined due to both short-term interest rates and lower asset management and related administrative fees, which are primarily based on the Private Client groups entering the quarter with fee based accounts, so lower. We generated quarterly net income of $172 million or $1.23 per diluted share, which was down 34% compared to net income in the prior year's fiscal third quarter, largely due to the bank loan loss provision of $81 million during the quarter compared to a $5 million benefit in the prior year's fiscal third quarter. Despite a sequential decline in quarterly pre-tax income, net income increased 2% sequentially and significant nontaxable gains in the corporate-owned life insurance portfolio reduced the effective tax rate to 13.1% for the quarter from 29.3% in the preceding quarter. On an annualized basis, our return on equity for the quarter was 10% and and return on tangible common equity, or ROTCE was 10.9%. Moving to slide four. As equity markets rebounded from the March lows, client assets under administration grew 13% sequentially to $877 billion, and PCG assets and fee-based accounts grew to 16% sequentially to a near record $443 billion which will provide significant tailwinds for asset management fees in the fiscal fourth quarter. Following the surge in March, client cash balances remained relatively stable, ending the quarter at $51.9 billion. And despite the continued disruption caused by travel restrictions and office closures, we reached a record number of PCG financial advisors of 8,155 251 over June of 2019 and seven over March of 2020. This is a good result compared to many firms, which experienced a net decline. We accomplished this despite many of these offices being closed during the quarter, and we've had many advisors commit but push their commitment dates back, waiting for the offices to reopen. Net bank loans of $21.2 billion grew 3% over the prior year's third quarter fiscal third quarter, but declined 3% compared to the preceding quarter. The sequential decline includes proactive sales of corporate loans, totaling $355 million, which we'll discuss in more detail on the call. The bank continued to experience healthy growth in residential mortgages and security based lending to our private client group clients. Moving to the segment results, starting on slide five. The Private Client group generated quarterly net revenues of $1.25 billion. Quarterly net revenues declined 8% compared to the prior year's fiscal third quarter and primarily due to lower RJBDP fees from third party banks, a decline in net interest income and lower brokerage revenues. The 16% sequential decline in quarterly net revenues was attributable to the aforementioned items as well as lower asset management fees and related administrative fees, which were primarily based on private client group assets and fee-based accounts being lower at the beginning of the quarter. Quarterly pre-tax income for the segment was down $91 million, down 35% on a year-over-year basis and 46% sequentially. PCG assets increased along with the equity markets. And while recruited production increased sequentially, the net addition of financial advisors was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 crisis which disrupted a lot of the transitions, particularly in the employee channel due to office closures and showed and slowed the net addition of trainees as testing centers were closed during the quarter but are now open. It's also important to note that in the net number, a number of advisors leaving for retirement, leaving the industry or moving to our RIA channel affect the total of net advisor account, but we've retain almost all those assets during those transitions. The net advisor growth in the independent channel remains strong and is tracking closely with our fiscal 2019 results as home office visits for perspective advisors have transitioned 100% to virtual, advisor recruiting activity has continued to recover and the pipeline remains solid across all of our affiliation options. Over the past four quarters, financial advisors, representing approximately $290 million of trailing 12 productions and nearly $43 billion of assets at their prior firms have affiliated with Raymond James domestically, which is a very strong result. Moving to slide six. The Capital Markets segment generated record revenues driven by higher fixed income brokerage revenues, debt underwriting revenues, which more than offset lower M&A revenues. The 71% year-over-year increase in fixed income brokerage revenues and the record results for our fixed income really reflect our leading position in the small to midsized depository client segment, which has experienced an increase in activity. Meanwhile, M&A revenues declined due to economic uncertainty and decreased activity across certain industries. However, clients remain engaged, and the fourth quarter pipeline looks good. On the next slide, the asset management segment generated net revenues of $163 million and pre-tax income of $60 million during the quarter. Financial assets under management grew to $145.4 billion, increases of 2% on a year-over-year basis and 13% sequentially, primarily attributable to higher equity markets as the S&P index appreciated 20% during the quarter, which was partially offset by net outflows at Carillon Tower advisors. On slide eight, Raymond James Bank generated net revenues of $178 million or 15% decline from the preceding quarter largely attributable to the 73 basis point decline in the bank's net interest margin during the quarter, reflecting the rapid and significant decline of LIBOR. Pretax income of $14 million declined 90% to the prior third quarter fiscal third quarter and was flat sequentially. The year-over-year decline in the pre-tax income was primarily due to the $81 million bank loan loss provision during the quarter. On slide nine, we can look at the history of Raymond James Bank's key credit metrics during the financial crisis. You can see that Raymond James Bank consistent with the entire banking industry, enjoyed several years of positive credit trends since the financial crisis. While nonperforming assets declined during the quarter, net charge-offs were $72 million, including $61 million related to proactive sales of corporate loans during the quarter. The other $11 million of charge-offs were attributable to one corporate loan. The allowance for loan loss losses as a percentage of total loans increased to 1.56% from 1.47% in the preceding quarter. And for the corporate portfolios, the allowance for loan loss as a percentage of C&I loans ended the quarter at 2.4% and for CRE loans, 2.8%. If economic conditions continue to deteriorate, we would expect adding to these reserves, but certainly, the outlook is uncertain. Looking at the fiscal year-to-date results on slide 10. We generated record net revenues of $5.91 billion during the first nine months of the fiscal 2020, up 3% over the same period. Private Client Group, capital markets and asset management segments generated record net revenues and capital markets and asset management segments generated record pre-tax income during the first nine months of the fiscal year. Again, these results highlight the advantage of our diverse complementary businesses. Earnings per diluted share of $4.33 declined 18% compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2019, primarily due to lower interest rates and higher bank loan loss provisions. And now for a more detailed review of the financials, I'm going to turn it over to Paul Shoukry. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thanks, Paul. Starting with revenues on slide 12. As Paul stated, we generated quarterly net revenues of $1.83 billion, which were down 5% on a year-over-year basis and 11% sequentially. I'll touch on a few of the revenue line items. Asset management fees were down 1% on a year-over-year basis and 14% sequentially, commensurate with a sequential decrease in fee-based assets in the and during the fiscal third quarter, which will be reflected in the fourth quarter as these assets are built at the beginning of each quarter based on balances at the end of the preceding quarter, but remember, the asset management line is also driven by financial assets under management, which increased 13% sequentially. Account service fees of $134 million, $134 million declined 27% year-over-year and 22% sequentially, primarily reflecting a decrease in RJBDP fees from third-party banks due to lower short-term interest rates, which I'll detail shortly. And jumping down to other revenues, they were up substantially from the preceding quarter as the second quarter included valuation losses of $39 million associated with our private equity investments which was largely due to the equity market decline last quarter. Moving to slide 13. Clients' domestic cash sweep balances, which are the primary source of funding for our interest-earning assets and the balances with third-party banks that generate RJBDP fees ended the quarter at $51.9 billion, representing 6.6% of domestic PCG client assets as client assets increased substantially while cash balances remained relatively stable throughout the quarter following the surge in March. And as we've mentioned on the prior quarter's call, we shifted about $4 billion of cash balances from Raymond James Bank to third-party banks in April. But as we look forward, we will likely redeploy a portion of these balances back to the bank over time as we plan on continuing purchases of agency backed securities, which ended the quarter at $5.6 billion and we will also resume corporate loan growth when there's less market uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemics. On slide 14, the COP chart displays our firmwide net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks on a combined basis as these two items are directly impacted by changes in short-term interest rates. As you can see, the rate cuts totaling 225 basis points since August of 2019 have put significant pressure on these revenue streams, which on a combined basis, are down $120 million compared to the prior year's fiscal third quarter, despite loan growth at Raymond James Bank and the significant year-over-year increase in client cash balances. Given that these revenues are not directly compensable, the significant decline has created headwinds for our compensation ratio and pre-tax margins as we will discuss on the next few slide s. On the bottom of slide 14, it shows our bank's NIM decreasing to 2.29% this quarter. The sequential decline was predominantly caused by the rapid decline in LIBOR, which is about lower now than it was during the last earnings call. Based on LIBOR at the current level, we would expect the bank's NIM to decline to 2.1% to 2.2% over the next quarter or two, which will also be impacted by how quickly we grow the securities portfolio at Raymond James Bank. On the bottom right portion of the slide, you can see that the yield on RJBDP fees from third-party banks fell to an average of 33 basis points during the quarter as we expected. We would expect average yields to remain close to 30 basis points over the near term. So when we think about Bank NIM going forward, as we ship more cash from third-party banks to Raymond James Bank to grow open the even though we would earn more on a consolidated basis. For example, today, we earn around 30 basis points with third party banks, as I just described, and we are earning around 1% on new securities purchases at the bank. So somewhere around a 65 basis point pickup for the firm net of FDIC insurance expense. But of course, we are taking some duration risk in tying up some capital in return for that benefit. Moving on to expenses on slide 15. First, compensation expense, which is by far our largest expense. The compensation ratio increased sequentially from 68.8% to 69.6% during the quarter. The compensation ratio was negatively impacted by a higher proportion of compensable revenues as lower interest rates negatively impacted the noncompatible revenue streams we discussed on the last slide. Partially offsetting that negative impact was a lower compensation ratio in the Capital markets segment, thanks to very strong fixed income brokerage revenues. On to non compensation expenses. Non-compensation expenses during the quarter of $359 million decreased sequentially due to a lower loan loss provision and lower business development expenses as travel and conferences were halted by COVID-19. Taking a step back for a moment, when we entered the year, we were well positioned from market and economic disruptions and continued to effectively serve advisors and clients throughout the pandemic and resulting economic disruption. Our success weathering this difficult period has been enabled by the significant investments in our infrastructure over the past several years. However, the unexpected swing in interest rates and the uncertainty that comes with the global recessions require us to evaluate ways to reduce costs and find efficiencies to remain well positioned for future growth and success. To that end, we are currently engaged in a firmwide process of evaluating both compensation and noncompensation expenses to improve efficiency while maintaining our high service standards. Importantly, we plan to continue making growth investments during this period. For example, by recruiting financial advisors and other revenue-generating producers. We also continue investing in our support platform, robotic automation, and integrated and paperless processes to continue enhancing the advisor client experience. Based on lessons learned during the crisis, we also anticipate our real estate needs will evolve as we consider more flexible strategies over the long term. So while we are far along in this process, we are not prepared to provide any efficiency targets, guidance or time lines on the call today but the goal is for these initiatives to yield significant efficiencies for the firm, which is critical so that we can continue investing in growth. Slide 16 shows a pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. Pretax margin was 10.8% in the fiscal third quarter of 2020, negatively impacted by lower short-term interest rates and the large bank loan loss provision. On slide 17, at the end of the fiscal third quarter, total assets were approximately $45 billion, declining 10% sequentially. This decrease was primarily attributable to shifting client cash balances from the bank to third-party banks following the surgance in March, as I discussed earlier. Our liquidity remains very strong. Cash at the parent was more than $2 billion and we also have an undrawn $500 million unsecured committed revolver, which doesn't mature until 2024. So right now, we have about $1 billion of excess cash at the parent over our conservative targets. But we are intentionally maintaining even more cash than we typically hold given the high degree of market uncertainty. So with cash at the parent of more than $2 billion, a total capital ratio of 26% and a Tier one leverage ratio of 14.5%, we have substantial amounts of capital liquidity with plenty of flexibility to be both defensive and opportunistic. Slide 18 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters, where we returned approximately $709 million back to shareholders through dividends and repurchases under the Board's authorization. Share buybacks have been suspended since mid-March, and $537 million remains available under the Board's previously disclosed repurchase authorization. With our strong capital and liquidity position, we plan on maintaining our current dividend, and we also likely will resume share repurchases of up to $50 million per quarter just to offset the share-based compensation dilution. But we will still wait for more market clarity before we do a larger amount of opportunistic repurchases. On the next two slide s, we provide additional detail on the bank's loan portfolio. Slide 19 provides some detail on Raymond James Bank's asset composition in the pie chart, you can see we have a really well-diversified portfolio with a focus over the past few years to really grow residential mortgages and securities-based loans to private client group clients as well as significantly increase the size of the securities portfolio. We have not yet set a new target, but we do plan on continuing purchases of these securities, which are mostly agency backed. So we have a much more diversified portfolio now than we did before the last financial crisis. And within each category, we have a significant amount of diversification as well, as you can see on the slide. As we talk about on the next slide, our concentration in some of these COVID exposed industries have decreased sequentially as we proactively sold certain loans. This slide includes some other facts and statistics on some other loan categories, but in summary, we feel good about the bank's loan portfolio. With that being said, it is important to remember that we are still in the middle of a global pandemic. So as confident as we are about the composition of the loan portfolio and our loan underwriting and monitoring processes, and we have to acknowledge that we could experience significant credit deterioration if economic conditions continue to deteriorate. Moving on to slide 20. During the quarter, we opportunistically sold $355 million of corporate loans associated with industries that we believe are most vulnerable to the COVID-19 crisis. Having a secondary market to proactively reduce credit exposures is a real advantage of our C&I lending strategy. The average selling price of these loans was around 82% of par value, which resulted in charge-offs of $61 million during the quarter, but we believe proactively taking that hit to reduce our credit exposure and downside in the most vulnerable sectors over the long-term is prudent, given the high degree of economic uncertainty. We plan to continue selectively selling corporate loans in the secondary market to further reduce our exposure to certain sectors. Thus far, in July, we have sold approximately $100 million of corporate loans in these sectors at an average price of 93%, 93% of par value as prices in the secondary market have continued to improve significantly. Before I turn it over to Paul for his closing comments, I want to remind everyone that after much considerations, we've postponed the Analyst Investor Day again. Given the continued economic and market uncertainty around the COVID-19 crisis, it takes it makes it difficult for us to provide much meaningful forward looking commentary, so we do not want to waste your time. However, we know analysts and investors have been asking us to disclose net new assets. And since we depend on providing that at our Analyst Investor Day, I'll go ahead and cover that now. As you can imagine, technology priorities have shifted significantly since the COVID pandemic, but we have been able to make some good progress on this metric, thanks to the fantastic team working on it. But it will still take us to more work before we would consider providing this metric on a regular basis. We define net new assets at total domestic, again, domestic PCG client net inflows, which includes financial advisor recruiting, less total domestic PCG client outflows. Inflows also include dividend reinvestments and interest, while outflows include commissions and fee-based payments. Fiscal year-to-date, we have generated net new assets of $41 billion, an annualized growth rate of 7.3%. We believe this impressive result, even during the COVID pandemic reinforces that Raymond James is one of the industry's leaders in growing organically. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Paul. And I know there's a lot to cover on this call. So I'll get through a little outlook, and we'll open for questions. So as for the outlook, we'll continue to face headwinds from lower short-term interest rates and the uncertainty around the COVID-19 pandemic. In the private Client group, our financial advisor recruiting pipeline is strong across all of our affiliation options. And the segment is going to benefit by starting the fiscal fourth quarter with a 16% sequential increase of assets and fee based accounts. And just a note in that recruiting that we've had a lot of people who have committed much earlier in March, April, may time frame, who have deferred their openings and moving before they joined because of the pandemic. So hopefully, those will show up this coming quarter also. In the Capital Markets, despite muted M&A activity in the fiscal third Quarter, clients remain engaged, and we have a pretty healthy investment banking pipeline. So we wouldn't be surprised to see an improvement in M&A revenues in the fiscal fourth quarter if the market remains relatively stable. And fixed income and brokerage revenues have remained strong thus far in July. Of course, it's always difficult to repeat the record like last quarter, but we view them to be very, very another strong quarter for that segment, again, given the market trends. In asset management, results will be positively impacted by higher financial assets under management as long as the equity market continues to remain resilient. At Raymond James Bank, we expect NIM to decline, as Paul said, from 2.29% in the fiscal third quarter is somewhere around between 2.1% and 2.2% over the next two quarters, reflecting current LIBOR rate. And a higher mix of agency backed securities. Now remember, when we move cash from our third-party banks to the bank and agency backed securities, the bank NIM will go down. But will generate overall for the firm higher net interest income. And therefore, we think it represents an attractive risk-adjusted return for the firm. We are continuing to sell certain corporate loans, as Paul mentioned, and we've been very selective in making new corporate loans given the high degree of uncertainty. But we're continuing to do some of the new corporate loans but continuing to originate residential and securities-based loans to our private client group clients. We have significant capacity and appetite to resume corporate loan growth when we have more economic certainty. With our substantial amount of capital liquidity, we are confident in our ability to withstand a severe downturn, while being opportunistic and front footed as things stabilize. Our growth opportunities remain unchanged, always retaining and recruiting organically financial advisors and our private client group. And as you've heard from Paul a few minutes ago, our organic private client group domestic annualized net new asset growth of 7.3% has been strong despite the COVID challenges. Additionally, we are committing and continue to add senior talent in other businesses such as investment banking. We also continue to pursue acquisitions actively, economic softness, it typically services surfaces attractive acquisitions as there was Droga Keegan in 2012, a little more complicated by COVID and traveling and those kind of issues. I also want to address social unrest following the death of George Floyd during the quarter. At Raymond James, we've always been a firm focused on social justice and being a good home for all associates advisors, regardless of their race, gender or sexual orientation. But the recent social unrest really emphasize the need for us to be even more vocal and public with our advocacy. We just didn't want to write a check, but rather wanted to use financial commitments to activate our associates to really make a difference. So that in, in addition to our financial commitment, we released the pledge to the Black community, which was signed, not just by me, but all members of our Executive Committee, our Operating committee and our Board of Directors as well as many other associates across the firm. One major component of that pledge is to increase black diversity throughout the firm which will require significant efforts that we know will not be achieved overnight, but we are absolutely committed to delivering on this pledge. And I just want to thank our leadership team, our Black Financial Advisors network and our Mosaic conclusion network group for all their contributions. And those to the so many associates have raised their hand and say, I want to help and make a difference. Before we open the line for questions, I just want to add, I believe we are well positioned with our diversified business mix, long-term focus and conservative principles to really emerge from this pandemic. With our strong capital and liquidity positions, we are proactively pursuing strategic acquisitions with a consistent and disciplined approach. Lastly, I want to thank all of our associates and our advisors, again, further invaluable contributions during these trying times and a focus on serving clients. With that, operator, you can open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Devin Ryan of JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. There. Good morning, everyone. First question here, just on the net interest income outlook over, if we can, maybe the next couple of years, if we were to hold LIBOR steady, I appreciate the NIM is going to see pressure just on the remixing of the bank. That's going to be, I think, partially a function of how fast the securities book rose. And so I'm just trying to think about parameters around how much you would move from third-party banks? And how quickly and how much as we look beyond, maybe even the upcoming quarter, the corporate book could shrink further? And then are there loan areas that could grow reasonably that could maybe provide a little bit of an offset on the NIM, like residential mortgages or something else?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Well, it's going to be hard to provide guidance over the next one or two years, Devin. But at least for the next one or two quarters, we think the guidance of NIM of 2.1% to 2.2% is our best guess right now based on where LIBOR is. We haven't set a new target yet for how much we're willing to grow the securities portfolio. There's a lot of variables there. And frankly, making a total shift in asset strategy in the middle of a global pandemic is probably not the right time to do it with all the moving parts. Cash has been resilient. Client cash balances are actually still $52 billion now, roughly even after income tax payments and the fee billing in early July or mid-July, but that could change tomorrow. So certainly not willing to go out one to two years. But as far as the corporate loan growth goes, it was down, I think, $700 million net during the quarter, we sold $355 million worth, but there's also a lot of net paydowns. And we remain very selective in making new corporate loans. But as we get more market clarity, we certainly have an appetite and the expertise to grow that portfolio. And we can we can do it pretty rapidly if the market conditions get better. So again, a lot of moving parts, can't go out one to two years. But at least over the next one to two quarters, we think 2.1% to 2.2% NIM as good a guess as we have right now.
Paul Reilly: Yes. Let me just add to one thing. I know you understand this Devin. But as we do move more from BDP to the bank, the NIM may have a little compression, but our overall net interest income will be up. We'll pick up 60-plus basis points on that move. Not insurance. So it's the NIM may be down, but overall, net interest income will be up given today's environment. So that's the reason we would do it. We think it's a good risk-adjusted return trade-off.
Devin Ryan: Right. And just a clarification because I know historically, there's been parameters around the amount of cash you're comfortable having essentially liquid with third-party banks with a short duration versus in the bank, which historically was more of a loan centric bank. And so as you're building more of a securities portfolio and growing that. Are you more comfortable just given the more liquid nature of the securities to kind of, I guess, go beyond kind of historical parameters around the mix of cash held outside the firm?
Paul Reilly: I think you could see that as we--. Go ahead, Paul.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I mean, I think so. We grew the securities portfolio and net over $1 billion this quarter. Last time we were in zero rate environment, we had almost no securities at all. So our appetite for some duration has increased. But we're still going to be more exposed to the shorter end of the curve, which is appropriate given our deposits are floating rate deposits. So for the most part. And so we'll continue moving deposits from third-party banks to the bank's balance sheet, but we want to do it in a way that ramp over the long period.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Paul, a quick follow-up here just on the expense process that you guys announced here you went through some of the areas that you're going to kind of continue to invest in, in areas that you want to kind of hold expenses. It sounds like in, do you have any high-level thoughts right now just around some of the areas where some of those efficiencies could exist within comp or noncomp? And then just any thoughts on timing around the conclusion and execution of it?
Paul Shoukry: Like I said, we're not prepared to provide any time lines on today's call. We're far along in the process. And really, we're looking at almost every single expense line item, both compensation and noncompensation expenses.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. I was wondering, if we look at your pre-tax margins for this quarter and exclude the elevated provision number, we baked into roughly a 15% number for this quarter. And then maybe there's another 1% or so of headwind from additional NIM pressure that you see, is that a good way of thinking about your long-term pre-tax margins as a starting point in this rate environment? And then maybe as we're modeling it, baking some benefit from the expense initiatives that you're looking at?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I think in fairness, we also had subdued business development expenses this quarter. I think they were down something like $30 million year-over-year. This is typically the quarter where we hit our high watermark, just given the timing of our recognition events and conferences. So yes, there's some offsets and also capital markets generated, I think, a 19% pre-tax margin, which is a very high margin, thanks to the record fixed income results. So there is some puts and takes. Again, we're not ready to provide, given the uncertainty in these moving parts of long-term margin target. But yes, we are focused on those expense efficiencies as well, as you said.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And I guess on the provision side, can you give us an update on how you're thinking about provisions of the bank? And I know you mentioned that you could have a a little bit more of a build if the environment deteriorates. But if it doesn't, are you comfortable with where the reserve levels are at the bank right now? And I know you're not accounting on a CECL yet. But maybe if you can give any initial guidance on what do you think the CECL true-up will look like at the end of next quarter?
Paul Shoukry: We try to be as proactive as we can as we always do with reserving the loans for the loans at the bank. So we feel good about our allowances now at for the especially in the corporate portfolio, C&I is 2.4% allowance and the CRE portfolio is a 2.8% allowance. So with that being said, if economic conditions continue to deteriorate, and some of the stimulus measures, which are temporary in nature, don't get extended. And who knows what's going to happen. So we there's a certainly potential for more allowances across the entire industry. But at this juncture, we just don't know right now. So CECL goes into effect October 1. Frankly, I don't even know what our provision is going to be in the September quarter under our existing methodology. So we really aren't in a position to provide much guidance under CECL yet.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I would say, I would add one thing is that you have to recognize, too, most financial institutions haven't been selling loans. So if you were to take the sales of those loans instead of selling them, just put a reserve against them, our reserves even they would have been much higher. So we've been proactively derisking areas that we think in the transportation and hospitality and the gaming in areas we think are have more exposure. We've been actively reducing risk. But again, had we just followed what most of the industry did, our reserves would have even been higher. So we think for where we are, we've done a good job of trying to stay up in front. But again, it just depends on the outlook. In a steady state, we wouldn't be adding the economy gets worse, we will add. So we're just going to have to watch, and it's just too unpredictable right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Chubak: Hey, good morning. So I wanted to start off with just a question, Paul, on the strategy regarding loan portfolio sales. And as we look ahead, how large is the remaining pool of loans that you are looking to evaluate for a potential sale? If you could just speak to the time line also for when you'd look to execute those and whether the decrease in criticized loans that we saw in the quarter, is that what's driving at least the decision to execute on some of those? Or what's the I guess, the prevailing factors that are driving the strategy from here?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So probably it's not a shock for most people. The Raymond James has taken a little different approach. As we just looked at the industries that we think are very COVID dependent, and said, on a risk-reward basis, there are loans that we are, in certain industries, we're just not comfortable that we think there's more downside and upside. So one way to do it is just increase your reserves and increase your criticized loans on your balance sheet and just ride through it. But that also limits your flexibility, both regulatorily and the drag long term. And on those highly risk areas are the ones we decided just to lighten our exposure. And so that's been our strategy. If those loans perform better, and some of these industries don't go through prolonged bankruptcy restructurings, we will have made a bad long-term debt. If it's if the case is, they're very long restructurings, and it's going to be a tough slug for them, we made a good bet. And we are willing to do that in what we viewed with the most at risk industry. So we're looking we have a list of about another $100 million of loans. Again, the market's been good. That's why we lightened this. As Paul said, it's 93% it per whether we would do those or go more, I don't know. We're evaluating that as we go and looking at the pricing risk, long-term versus reserves kind of trade-off. And once again, had we just added them to reserves, we've been more flexible, but we think it's the right thing to do from a risk structure basis. So we started out of the box quickly. We've slowed down a little bit, but we're still looking.
Steven Chubak: And just a follow-up for me regarding the securities portfolio. I was hoping you can give us some sense as to how we should think about the potential pace of additional purchases? I know you've been reluctant to commit to that. But also just given your historical reluctance, I would say, to take on additional duration risk, but why the willingness to take this on now during this COVID environment when the incremental spread between taking on that additional duration risk on an agency security versus what you're earning off-balance sheet at 70 basis points is actually relatively low relative to prior historical periods?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Well, we have a significant amount of cash with third-party banks now, $25 billion. So we have more capacity now than we've had historically and frankly, the demand at third-party banks is continuing to evolve. There was a significant demand in March when there was a lot of revolver fundings, and that has that dynamic has changed, as you know. And so that demand is not as strong as it was in March. And so we're willing to take some duration, not as much duration as many of our peers, but we're willing to take some incremental duration for that yield pickup but we haven't again set a glide path just yet, but we're comfortable with that taking on some more duration. And we've certainly we hope we're wrong, but we certainly don't think that short-term rates are going to increase anytime soon, especially after hearing Powell again yesterday. So again, hopefully, we're wrong because we're still going to be much more exposed to the short end of the curve.
Steven Chubak: Got it. And just one quick follow-up, if I may. Just on the non comps. You delivered a positive surprise there given the lower business and other expense. We have been seeing similar trends at peers here. So putting aside the future expense initiatives, I know you're not ready to speak to. How should we think about the appropriate jumping off point for that noncomp ex provision base, recognizing that P&E conference spend is going to be on pause versus same period of time?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Well, excluding the kind of elevated provisions, we were of guiding to about $325 million per quarter for this fiscal year. And obviously, we've been well below that, excluding the provisions, largely due to, as you mentioned, lower business development expenses. We want that. We expect that to go up over time, not next quarter, but as soon as people are more comfortable traveling, we expect business development expenses to increase but one of the things that we're looking at as a part of our overall expense initiatives is we've learned that a lot of our advisors are perfectly comfortable and happy doing some of these regional workshops and other product-focused sessions virtually versus a physically in person at various locations across the country. So the Private Client Group leadership team is also looking at this as a long-term opportunity to certainly transition to more virtual events as well, which could help business development expenses. So again, we're looking closely at the long-term opportunities coming out of this crisis.
Paul Reilly: Yes, But it would be a mistake to think they're all going away, the conferences or gettogethers, they're the educational trips for the top advisors are all part of our culture and our ability to have feedback with our advisors. So going forward, I think that we'll find there's a lot of trips, why would I take this two day trips to virtually. But some of those conferences, we do anticipate coming back when it's safe to do so.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. Paul, you mentioned a reinvestment rate around 100 basis points for Agency MBS today. Is it fair to assume that ultimately where the yield on the entire securities book will go assuming static rates? And if so, when might you expect that to occur over what time frame?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I mean, we have an average duration of the securities we buy is roughly three years. And so the existing book has an average yield of about 2%. And I'd say the average life on the existing book, remaining life is probably a couple two to three years because, again, the vintage is relatively new, the portfolio as we've grown it. So it will take some time for that reinvestment yield to sort of reset as we add securities.
Chris Harris: Got it. And just one quick question on the Asset Management segment. Those revenues were down 11% sequentially. And I know it was a volatile quarter in terms of AUM moving around, but that decline seems to be more than potentially average AUM decline. So is there something else that's going on in that segment that drop the revenues a bit?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. That AUM, Chris, includes both kind of institutional assets under management as well as assets under retail assets under management. So I would say roughly 65% of those assets are built based on the beginning of the period assets. So you can't just look at it on an average basis. So that's what's driving the variance that you're describing.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell of Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. Hey, good morning guys. Just maybe a quick question on capital management. What I understand the uncertainty is keeping me holding you back. But how do you think that what are the markers you're looking for? Is it just do we have to wait for a vaccine for you to feel comfortable putting capital to work what are the markers, I guess, is there macro markers that you're looking at? And I guess as an ancillary, does that also mean that you're as much as you want to do acquisitions, you're holding back to put capital work there until you have a clarity as well?
Paul Reilly: So I think in order of we would have no comps whatsoever doing an acquisition if we had the right one. So we think we have plenty of capital and an ability to do an acquisition for the right one and integrate it. So we don't see that's not an issue. In terms of stock buybacks, we've agreed that our goal is to go ahead and minimize dilution and restart that program. But I think both given the uncertainty and honestly, even you have political and regulatory pressure right now in stock buybacks, we don't think it's just really prudent to start that yet and but more importantly, driven by the economics if we do enter into a second round of coded issues like we're seeing in the south, if we do have a really, really tough winter, we may need those. So if we're buying a producing asset. We're very comfortable doing that, but we're just going to be a little more conservative on outside of dilution doing proactive stock buybacks in this pandemic time. So whether that's a vaccine or ceiling trailing off or people getting comfortable with the operating environment. I can't say. It's one of those things I think we'll know when we feel it, but I can't give you an objective. This is the answer.
Jim Mitchell: That's helpful. And then just maybe on the compensation in PCG. When I look at sort of FA compensation to compensable revenues, the percentage did seem to drop quite a bit in the quarter, which was a little surprising. Am I just not thinking about that right? Is there something unusual there? Just trying to get a sense of if that's sustainable in terms of the lower payout?
Paul Shoukry: No, the I'm not sure we could speak offline on how that, how you're doing the math, but the payout is still right around 75%. So it's been pretty stable sequentially.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, I'll take. We'll talk offline.
Paul Shoukry: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning everyone, thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple of follow-ups. I guess, if you look at the loan book, can you guys talk about the size of loans that you're ultimately evaluating for sales? I know you sold $355 million and you sold another $100 million so far this quarter, but what's the total amount of kind of riskier loans that you're looking to potentially sell what are the yields on those loans? And maybe you can talk a little bit about how these loans ultimately made their way to launch your balance sheet, whether these were originated or purchased?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So again, I said we had about another $100 million that we are looking at selling. And again, these are risk reward, right. These were loans that are syndicated loans and in January, we had what we call them pizza parties, the lender stoping. So we get them to show, go through the loan portfolios, the most leveraged, the lest performing. And we really once you're doing an evening on each section of the portfolio, and they've really put lenders through what I call, it's almost like a flight simulator, we try to crash the pilot to see what they do. We really go through and push really hard, how are these loans? How are they underwritten? And I'll tell you, I felt as good as I have in 10 years about the underwriting. I think they were underwritten well. They were strong. What we didn't underwrite them for was a pandemic in places having zero revenue. In January, we didn't say the airlines weren't going to fly or nobody was going to fly and no one was going to travel and hotels are going to shut down and the restaurants are going to shut down. So it's those areas of those loans. I think the underwriting is strong. It's just we had a circumstance we've never seen in recent 100 years, probably almost in the country. So that's how they got into the balance sheet. So I don't blame our team. I think they were very conservative. We're just in a very, very unusual time. As Paul said, one of the advantages of the loans we did have is they were marked we're able to sell that 93% of par and the last $100 million. And then some of those loans have reserves on it on top. So the loss of selling is even less than that. It might be 300 or 400 basis points. So we just viewed the trade-off and the risk. So that next $100 million we sold is more worth. It's more worth to take the loss now than to hold on to the risk and hope that they would turn around and what most people think is going to be a longer haul the pandemic. So the yield is, I think, was comparable to the rest of the loan portfolio. They weren't the highest yielding loans. They were when underwritten from a lower yielding loans, they were higher credits in industries that just got hit really hard in the pandemic.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think just the range of the yield is somewhere around LIBOR plus 175 to LIBOR plus 300 of the loans that we sold in that kind of range.
Alex Blostein: That makes sense. I guess my question ultimately is like, is the $100 million that you mentioned, is that a cleanup? And it's kind of down or you guys will be able will be looking to sell down more?
Paul Reilly: Yes. We're open to selling down. I think what we've done is we've looked at the loans that we are most concerned of, and they were really more concerned about the industry. In some places, the credits we were aggressive on very quickly. I think the loans now are almost opportunistic as loan pricing recovered, we said we could get these credits off our balance sheet with almost no loss, and we decided to go ahead and do that. So they're more opportunistic and again, we have $100 million that we're looking at. We've done $100 million and doesn't say we will do the $100 million, doesn't say we won't do more, we'll do an evaluation. And again, we've made a handful of new loans, too, because we like the industries, the spreads and the risk. So we just haven't opened up widely, but we are still open on originating in the corporate portfolio, too, but we're just a lot more a lot more critical to make sure we think those are good loans given the environment.
Alex Blostein: Got it, makes sense. Perfect. And just a quick follow-up. Thanks with the net nuance disclosure. Very good to see you guys get that out there. I guess when you talk about the pipeline and the strong momentum you continue to have in recruiting, can you talk a little bit about the mix? And how that mix might have changed between the employee channel, given the kind of the work from home dynamics and the independent channel? So just kind of as you're looking out the next 12 months, and the assets that are going to come in into Raymond James. How does that mix compare to historical kind of employee versus independent levels?
Paul Reilly: During the quarter, it was much stronger in the independent channel. The reason is most of them have their own branches and offices. So there's no reason to put off a move. They just they can change honestly, sometimes it's actually easier right now because clients are at home, you can find them to do the transition. So that has been more robust in the quarter than the employee channel. Having said that, the recruiting in the employee channel and the commits have been good, but a lot of them have delayed because we shut our offices. And we're now in the limited reopening, limiting the number of people in the branches. And so we now have on a voluntary basis. So we now have the offices open where people joined and one just joined. I think we announced this week and another one the week before. So we do have people joining but we have an awful lot of people that have decided to put off their joins and a lot of them to September now. And some of these have been signed up since April, May, June. They said they're coming. They just don't want to transition until they feel that they're in a comfortable spot for the pandemic. So that's the so I think the employee side will do a little catching up once people feel comfortable about going into an office.
Alex Blostein: Great. Makes sense. Thanks for taking all the questions remains in the end very well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Allen of Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Allen: Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. Just a quick one. On the fixed strength, you noted continuing into drive the brokerage side. Most of the areas we look at, it seems like things are slowing down a little bit. So maybe you could just give us some color there, how your business is holding up from a market share perspective as well would be helpful.
Paul Reilly: So I think that there was a rush in fixed income, both in repositioning and for, frankly, for credit underwriting and debt underwriting. And so I think you've seen that slow down a little bit, but a lot we have a very a leading position with small and midsized banks. As loan activity has kind of slowed down, they've been investing more in securities and redoing their securities. So although I think we're not if you asked me to guess, it'd be hard to repeat last quarter's record. It's always hard to repeat a record, but I think it's going to be very strong fixed income for us. So and all sites so far shows it's very strong. So we expect another good quarter. And we anticipate just on closing that capital markets with the M&A transactions, will be up, but you never know if we're closing for an M&A deal. You can guess all you want, even with a good pipeline. It's when they close and what gets in the way. But so we feel pretty good about that segment for this quarter. And then in the Private Client Group segment and asset management since the assets are pegged, I mean that should be a pretty good quarter, too. So in terms of revenue increases for those.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, everyone. And, hope you're all well and healthy. I want start off with recruiting. Do you have the number of gross or net number of financial advisors added in each of the months in the June quarter? And if you don't, could you provide any commentary on how recruiting trended in the quarter as you adapted to the virtual recruiting backdrop?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. We're not going to provide kind of monthly or kind of we, of course, track that internally, but haven't provided that externally yet. What I would tell you is what paul said is that the recruiting momentum really rebounded throughout the quarter as we've adjusted to our virtual home office visits. And we are all doing, Paul doing them. I'm doing them. The home office is it's virtually, and they're going pretty well. So we feel really good about the activity levels, again, across all our affiliation options, but aren't going to provide month-to-month statistics on those.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And just one follow-up on reserving. Can you provide us some color or at least what to expect from the CECL loan loss reserve build that's coming in the October quarter? I think seasonally, this one may be different than the others. And I'm just interested in the underlying process relative to the reserve that was just built in both the March and the June quarters?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. And again, we still have another quarter under the incurred loss process for provisions, and we don't even know what that's going to be yet. So we'll have to wait and see. But I know that even for the big banks, the macro assumptions are changing rapidly so too. [Indiscernible] the macro assumptions and projections are going to look like even in October. It seems like it's right around the corner, but every week, things changed dramatically. So we'll wait and see kind of how things progress between now and then.
Paul Reilly: I think the problem with it the problem with CECL is that the macro has changed all the time. So I mean if you took a point in time today, we wouldn't see a huge change, but you know you don't know, right? So that could change tomorrow. So but right now, instantaneous, we did it today. We don't think there'll be a huge change.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of William Katz of Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Renee Marthaler: Hi, everyone. This is actually Renee Marthaler speaking on behalf of William Katz. So we just appreciate some more color on July. Like any kind of initial color on client engagement metrics and flows?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, question. It's a pretty broad one in terms of the client engagement across our businesses, as Paul said in his outlook comments in the Private Client group business, the fee-based assets are going to should provide us a tailwind for asset management revenues and recruiting activity remains remains healthy. In capital markets segment, the M&A pipeline entering into the fourth quarter looks good. We expect M&a revenues to be up, assuming that the market environment remains relatively resilient here through the rest of the quarter. And the fixed income activity, well, hard to repeat a record, as Paul said, the depository client segment, in particular, remains very engaged. So we feel good about the client activity levels, but we'll provide more details as we go along here.
Paul Reilly: Then I would just like to thank you all for participating. I know your jobs are hard, given all so many extraneous market factors and depend on it and everything else and working remotely. So I know it's harder for all of us, but we really appreciate you taking the time. We'll try to provide as much color as we can and hopefully get an Analyst Day scheduled as soon as we can. And so we get a little more color to just next month or so. So thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s presentation. We do thank you for your participation. And ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good rest of the day everyone.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-01 08:15:00) =====
Kristie Waugh: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation being reviewed this morning is available on Raymond James Investor Relations website. Following their prepared remarks the operator will open the line for questions. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements include but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory development, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, could and would as well as any other statements that necessarily depend on future events are intended to identify forward looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, which are available on our Investor Relations website. During today's call we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release and presentation. With that I am happy to turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial.
Paul Reilly: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I just want to note that our thoughts occur with all of those that impacted both directly and indirectly by the COVID-19 virus. This has been a difficult time for all of us and we certainly hope you and all your families are doing well. The financial services industry has certainly had its ups and downs reputationally over the many years. But I can tell you today I am proud of our industry. Even through this pandemic time where we're focused on getting associates at home, we help keep the markets opened. The industry has helped with the administration of the Government programs and helping businesses and people gets much needed cash. We have shared best practices on protecting employees and associates and everyone connected to the crisis was just trying to help during this national emergency. And furthermore, I think the government especially the treasury and Federal Reserve has been unbelievable as being open to support the markets in this very difficult time and to reach out to make sure that the programs really worked. Values are critical during good times, but they are the guiding light in times of crisis. As we navigated through this crisis our top priority was clear, the health and safety of our associates and advisors as well as our clients. We've treated and followed every case in the RJ family to make sure that our associates and their families were well equipped to handle the impact. We quickly transition nearly 95% of our associates to working remotely and closed all employee branches, while providing continuous service to our clients. We've also taken the additional steps to support our associates, particularly those who were directly impacted by COVID-19. With 14 days of additional sick time zero cost for telemedicine, options for financial relief and resource for emotional and mental health of our associates, some dealing with the stress of '19 and some are just the stress and challenges the home environment with working from home, while kids were telecommuting to school. In addition to ensuring for the health and safety of our associates, another priority is to maintain the continuous service to support our clients during these challenging times. During the quarter, we experienced unprecedented levels of client activity. For example, our top 10 trading days ever all occurred in March. We saw retail orders more than double, transaction volumes more than triple and institution volumes up seven times some days. Our ability to provide continuous service to our advisors and clients without any significant disruptions is a testament to the investments we've made in our technology and mobile apps over the last 10 years. Just as important, even during these scary and challenging conditions, our committed and experienced support teams demonstrated our long-standing service-first spirit and supporting advisors and clients even in the work at home environment. And true to our mission of Raymond James, we continued supporting our communities in the U.S., Canada and U.K. during these challenging times. In fact the commitments from our companies and executives surpassed $2 million to help relief for those who are in need, and we anticipate doing more. Our associates over the same period of time have personally stepped up to support their communities. I expected no less. We are also supporting our communities through food and supply donations to aid local food banks and clinics in our markets. Again I cannot stress how proud I am of our Raymond James associates and advisors for quickly transitioning to our business continuity protocols and continue providing excellent service to clients. Moving to slide 4. Despite a tumultuous quarter, our second quarter financial performance was solid, reflecting a relative resiliency of our diversified and client focused business model. We generated record quarterly net revenue of $2.07 billion, which was up 11% over prior year's fiscal second quarter and 3% over the preceding quarter. The growth in net revenue was primarily attributable to the beginning of the quarter with record PCG assets and fee-based accounts as well as higher brokerage revenue due to the surge of market volatility in March. We generated quarterly net income of $169 million or $1.20 per diluted share, which was down 35% compared to the net income into the prior year's fiscal second quarter and 37% compared to the preceding quarter. The significant decline in quarterly net income was largely caused by the $109 million bank loan loss provision and valuation losses in our private equity investments. On an annualized basis, our return on equity for the quarter was 9.9% and return on our tangible common equity or ROTCE was 10.8%. Moving to slide 5. The significant declines in the equity markets in March, resulted in a decrease of client assets and led to client shifting assets to cash, driving new client cash balances to surge 34% sequentially to a new record of $52.9 billion. And despite disruption in March, due to the nationwide shelter in place orders, we reached a record number of private client financial advisors of 8,148, a net increase of 286 over March 2019, and 88 over December 2019. These net additions of financial advisors as a function of stronger retention and recruiting results, and we really only had two full months of normal recruiting activity before the pandemic hit. Net loans reached $21.8 billion, up 8% over the prior year's fiscal second quarter and 2% over the preceding quarter. The growth in the bank loans was largely attributable to about $300 million of corporate revolver fundings and continued growth in residential mortgage to PCG clients. Now on the segment results starting on slide 6. The private client group generated record quarterly net revenues of $1.5 billion, primarily driven by higher asset management fees as these speeds are billed on balances at the beginning of the quarter and higher brokerage revenues as trading volumes spiked in March. Growth of asset management and brokerage revenue was partially offset by the negative impact of lower short term interest rates, both on RJBDP fees and from third party banks and net interest income. Record quarterly pre-tax income for the segment was $170 million, up 29% year-over-year basis and 11% sequentially. On the bottom of the slide, while client assets declined along with equity markets you can see we continued our consistent trend of growing the number of financial advisors, which has become increasingly rare in our industry. In fact, over the last four quarters, financial advisors, representing over $300 million of trailing 12 months production. Approximately $550 billion of assets in the prior firms have affiliated with the Raymond James, which is the spectacular result. Moving to slide 7. Revenue in the capital markets segment, primarily due to higher equity and fixed income brokerage revenues in March as well as equity underwriting revenues during the quarter. Despite the higher revenues, the segment's pre-tax income declined largely due to losses on trading inventories during the quarter, as there was significant year-over-year decline in M&A revenues compared to the very strong results in the prior year's fiscal second quarter. On the next slide, the asset management segment generated net revenue of $184 million and pre-tax income of $73 million during the quarter, both flat with the record levels achieved in the preceding quarter. Results in this segment reflected a portion of a steep decline in equity markets in March, as financial assets under management are built based on a combination of balances at the beginning of the quarter, balances at the end of the quarter and average balances during the quarter. Financial assets under management fell to $128.2 billion, decreases of 7% on a year-over-year basis and 15% sequentially, primarily attributable to decline in equity markets as the S&P 500 index declined 20% during the quarter as well as net outflows for Carillon Tower Advisers. On slide 9, Raymond James Bank generated net revenues of $210 million, a 3% decline from the preceding quarter despite continued asset growth, largely attributable to a 21 basis point decline in the bank's net interest margin during the quarter reflecting the short term interest rates as the Federal Reserve slashed interest rates to close to 0 in the month of March. We expect continued NIM pressures, as Paul Shoukry will detail a little later. Pretax income of $14 million declined 90% to both prior year's fiscal second quarter and the preceding quarter, primarily due to higher bank loan loss provision, which is a good segue into the next slide. Slide 10 provides a history of Raymond James Bank key credit metrics since the financial crisis. You can see the Raymond James Bank consistent with the banking industry has enjoyed several years of positive credit trends since the financial crisis. In the second quarter the loan portfolio continues to perform well as indicated by the low level of nonperforming assets, which actually decreased due to a corporate loan payoff earlier in the quarter. There were also no net charge-offs during the quarter. But as the COVID-19 crisis caused economic conditions rapidly to deteriorate at a really unprecedented pace and scale, we increased the allowance for loan loss reserves resulting in the bank's loan loss provision of $109 million for the quarter. As a result allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans increased to 1.47% from 1.01% in the preceding quarter. You can see our allowance for loan losses peaked at around 2.4% in fiscal 2010, while our portfolio is much more diversified now, which Paul will discuss later on the call we are also in an unprecedented economic environment. So there is simply too much uncertainty to know how much credit deterioration will be caused by COVID-19. However if economic conditions continue to deteriorate, we do anticipate continuing to add to our allowance for loan losses. Looking at the fiscal year to date results on slide 11. We generated record net revenue of $4.08 billion during the first half of fiscal 2020 up 8% over the first half of fiscal 2019. Notably all four core operating segments generated record net revenues during the first six months of the fiscal year. Earnings per diluted share of $3.09 declined 12% compared to the first half of 2019, again primarily due to the bank's loan loss provisions. I will give an outlook at the end of this call, but for now, I'm going to turn it over to Paul Shoukry for a more detailed review of the financial results. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thanks, Paul. And I'm being told that whole opening for a few minutes was missed because the operator forgot to switch us over to the overall lines. So I'll maybe ask Paul to repeat his industry remarks and the outlook. Starting with revenues on slide 13, as Paul stated we generated record quarterly net revenues of $2.07 billion, which were up 11% on a year-over-year basis and 3% sequentially. Asset management fees were up 28% on a year-over-year basis and 5% sequentially. PCG assets and fee based accounts declined 14% during the fiscal second quarter which will be reflected in the third quarter as these assets are billed at the beginning of each quarter, based on balances at the end of the preceding quarter. Brokerage revenues during the quarter of $515 million were strong, as there was a surge in trading activity in both private client group and the capital markets segment in March. Account and service fees of $172 million declined 10% on a year-over-year basis and 3% sequentially, primarily reflecting the decrease in RJBDP fees from third party banks due to lower short term interest rates. Paul already discussed investment banking results and I'll discuss net interest income on the next two slides, but quickly on other revenues, which were down substantially this quarter, reflecting valuation losses associated with our private equity investments in the fiscal second quarter of $39 million. And as you will see on the upcoming expense detail slide, $22 million of the valuation loss is attributable to non-controlling interest and is presented as an offset in other expense. So the net impact of pre-tax income and valuation losses associated with the private equity investments was $17 million for the quarter, representing close to a 20% decline in those valuations. The remaining value of these legacy private equity investments that attributable to Raymond James was around $80 million as of March 31, 2020. Moving to slide 14, client domestic cash sweep balances, which are the primary source of funding for our interest earning assets and the balances with the third party banks that generate RJBDP fees ended this quarter at a record $52.9 billion, representing 7.6% of domestic PCG client assets as market volatility steep declines in the equity markets in March, led to client shifting assets to cash. Other than quarterly fee payments these balances have remained relatively resilient thus far in April. However we have shifted about $4 billion of these cash balances from Raymond James Bank to third party banks since the end of the quarter. The certain cash balances in March highlight the advantages of our multi bank suite program, which offers up to $3 million of FDIC capacity to clients, while also providing the firm significant flexibility to move the balances on or off-balance sheet as appropriate. On slide 15, the top chart displays our firm wide net interest income and RJBDP fees from third party banks on a combined basis, as these two items are directly impacted by changes in short term interest rates. As you can see the rate cuts totaling 225 basis points, since August have put significant pressure on these revenue streams, which on a combined basis are down $36 million compared to the prior year's fiscal second quarter, despite loan growth at Raymond James Bank and the surge in cash balances this quarter. On the bottom of the slide, it shows our bank's NIM decreasing to 3.02% this quarter. But as you all know the last 150 basis points of cuts occurred in March. So we will continue to experience NIM compression in the fiscal third quarter. We would expect the base NIM to decline to somewhere around 2.5% over the next quarter or two depending on where LIBOR settles out. On the bottom right portion of the slide, you can see that the average yield on RJBDP fees from third party banks fell to an average of 1.33% during the quarter. But again, given the timing of the rate cuts in March, we would expect this yield to decline further to around 30 basis points starting in the fiscal third quarter. And while these balances ended the quarter at $20.4 billion, we shifted a significant amount of balances from Raymond James back in April, where they were earning about 10 basis points of the Federal Reserve or roughly 5 basis points net of FDIC insurance premium. So there's currently approximately $23.5 billion of balances to third party banks, reflecting the $4 billion shift from Raymond James Bank in the fiscal third quarter since the fiscal third quarter and net of the outflows related to quarterly billings in April. Now I'll discuss expenses on slide 16. First compensation expense, which is by far our largest expense. The compensation ratio increased sequentially from 67.2% to 68.8% during the quarter. The compensation ratio was negatively impacted by lower non-compensable revenues in the private client group, primarily due to lower short term interest rates, losses on trading inventories and the aforementioned valuation losses on private equity investments. The private equity valuation losses reduced net revenues by $39 million and had a negative impact of over 125 basis points to the total compensation ratio, as there's no direct compensation associated with private equity valuation adjustments. So if you look at the $71 million sequential increase in total compensation, a vast- vast majority of it is attributable to direct payouts to financial advisors in the private client group and direct payoff on the higher brokerage revenues in the capital markets segment. On to non-compensation expenses, non-compensation expenses during the quarter of $407 million increased substantially, due primarily to the large loan loss provision of $109 million in the quarter. As for the loan loss provision, I just want to remind you all that due to our fiscal year end on September 30, we do not implement CECL until October one of this year. So the provisions this quarter really reflect our intent of downgrading credits and taking more allowances for the loans that are most directly exposed to the COVID-19 crisis. As I noted earlier, other expense included a $22 million offset related to the non-controlling interest of valuation losses on the private equity investments. Excluding that NPI offset, other expenses would have been higher during the quarter, largely due to legal reserves in the private client group segment. But almost all the other expense categories came in close to where we expected. While there were some elevated expenses associated with buying laptops for the relatively small portion of our associates who still had desktops and increasing bandwidth and licenses to facilitate remote working arrangements. There were also offsets from lower travel costs in March due to COVID-19. We expect those travel expenses and conference expenses as those have been canceled over the next several months to remain lower than normal over the near term. Most of those expenses show up as business development expenses on the P&L. So really, I think there may have been some confusion on a few of the reports last night about our expenses being higher than expected. The compensation was higher due to higher revenues than as we've anticipated, and the compensation ratio was negatively impacted by over 125 basis points by the private equity valuation losses. And the non-compensation expenses of $407 million were higher than the $325 million, we guided to last quarter, solely due to the $109 million loan loss reserve. Slide 17 shows the pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. Pretax margin was 11.6% in the fiscal second quarter of 2020, negatively impacted by the large bank loan loss provision and lower short-term interest rates. On the last call we established a target of 67.5% for the compensation ratio of about $325 million per quarter from non-compensation expenses and 17% for the pre-tax margin, but those targets are no longer valid due the significant changes in the market environment, near-zero short term interest rate and the higher bank loan loss provisions due to COVID-19. Assuming we have some market clarity by June, we will aim to provide new targets then at our upcoming Analyst Investor Day, which we now plan on holding virtually. We will let you know as soon as we finalize the date, but we may postpone it, if there's still too much market uncertainty to provide updated targets. On slide 18, at the end of the fiscal second quarter, total assets were nearly $50 billion, growing 24% sequentially. This significant increase was largely attributable to the surge in client cash balances, about $7 billion of which were deposited at Raymond James Bank. The significant balance sheet growth caused the tier 1 leverage ratio declined to 14.2%, which has sold well, well above the regulatory requirements. And as I mentioned earlier, in April we already shifted approximately $4 billion of the cash balances off of Raymond James Bank's balance sheet to third party banks, reducing the size of the balance sheet, which will have a positive impact on the tier 1 leverage ratio. Liquidity is very strong as well. Cash at the parent company was about $2 billion. To further strengthen our liquidity position during a time of unprecedented economic disruption, we successfully raised $500 million 10-year senior notes in March at 4.65%, which is included in the $2 billion. While the debt markets were really only accessible to the bluish chip companies in March, we were able to get around $2.5 billion of subscriptions in the first three hours after launching the transaction, a real testament to our strong balance sheet and long term conservative focus. And we also have an undrawn $500 million unsecured committed revolver, which doesn't mature until 2024. So with a total capital ratio of 25.3%, tier 1 leverage ratio of 14.2%, and cash at the parent of around $2 billion, we have substantial amounts of capital and liquidity with plenty of flexibility to be defensive during this global pandemic and also opportunistic. Slide 19 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters, where we returned to approximately $750 million back to shareholders through dividends and repurchases under the Board's authorization. During the fiscal second quarter the firm repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares of common stock for nearly $202 million at an average price of approximately $79 per share. Share buybacks have been suspended since mid-March and as the quarter end, $537 million remained available under the Board's previously disclosed repurchase authorization. We believe it was prudent to suspend buybacks during this pandemic, even though we do have a significant amount of capital and liquidity. On the next two slides, we provide additional detail on the bank's loan portfolio. Slide 20 provides some detail on Raymond James Bank's asset composition. In the pie chart, you can see we have a really well diversified portfolio with a focus over the past few years to really grow residential mortgages and securities based loans to private client group clients as well as significantly increase the size of the securities portfolio, which ended the quarter at around $4 billion in our all agency backed securities. So we have a much more diversified portfolio now than we did before the last financial crisis. And then within each category, we have significant amount of diversification as well. For example within the C&I category, no industry category represents more than 4.1% of total loans. You can see energy represents about 1.7% of total loans, which I will detail in the next slide. Airlines represent 1.5%, entertainment and leisure represents 1.2%, restaurants represent 1.1% and gaming only represents 0.7% of total loans. Within commercial real estate, almost 50% are to REITS, which typically have diversified underlying real estate portfolios, and the other 50% are to mostly stabilize properties with an average loan to value of 60%. And then just to touch on the residential mortgage portfolio, most of these loans are for private client and clients across the country. The average loan-to-value is only 64%, and the average credit score is $762 million. So a really high quality portfolio. So again, we feel good about our bank's portfolio. But with that being said, it's important to remember that we are really experiencing unprecedented global economic disruption. So as confident as we are about the composition of the loan portfolio and our loan underwriting and monitoring processes, we also acknowledge that we could experience significant credit deterioration due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The next slide details Raymond James Bank's energy exposure, which again only represents about 1.7% of total loans with $382 million of outstanding as of March 31. As you can see, there are no E&P loans in this portfolio as the credit is mostly the midstream distribution companies and convenience stores. So a little less direct commodity pricing pressure, but again, if oil prices continue to decline then all players in the supply chain could be negatively impacted. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I don't know if it's worth going through the opening again. I know here, they weren't cut in or just should we skip it. And for those who didn't hear the forward statement, I know you can find it in our website you know finding the way. So thanks, Paul. I want to reiterate that first our primary priority our number one priority is to ensure the health and safety of our associates, advisors and clients. While conditions may appear to have improved in some parts of the world, we must be mindful, we're still in the middle of the global health crisis. Since we're working from home arrangements worked so well, we continue to provide excellent service to our clients. We have 95% of our associates are working from home, and we've had no technology disruptions. So we've been able to service the work from home, which is a testament to our associates and their focus on client service, and we're going to be very slow and deliberate about bringing associates back into the office. And when we believe that conditions are safe, we will slowly move them in a phased cautious manner. For our near term outlook, similar to the rest of the economy, I think you should expect significant near term headwinds for our business. In the private client groups segment, while our financial advisors recruiting pipelines remain strong, and we have ramped up virtual recruiting and on-boarding activities. Traditional recruiting efforts will be impacted by the travel restrictions and even the comfort levels of in-person meetings. The near-term impact on recruiting results is uncertain, but it seems likely that even with the strong pipeline, there will be delays, and they will be disrupted until restrictions are lifted and people feel comfortable traveling and in meeting in person again. Meanwhile the segment is going to be negatively impacted by starting fiscal third quarter with a 14% sequential decline of assets in fee based accounts. Furthermore results will also be negatively impacted by the yield of third party RJBDP balances declining to around 30 basis points due to the rate cuts in March, which will only be partially offset by higher client cash balances. In capital markets segment, we have a pretty healthy investment banking pipeline, but we expect significant near-term disruptions, certainly at least for the next couple of months. And while brokerage revenues surged along with market volatility in March, volatility has declined thus far this quarter. And we'd expect brokerage revenues to decline as well, borrowing and other spike in volatility, which is certainly possible. In the asset management segment, results will be negatively impacted by our lower financial assets under management as well as the net outflows in Carillon Tower advisors. At Raymond James Bank, we expect NIM to decline from around 3% in the fiscal second quarter, somewhere around 2.5% over the next quarter or two, reflecting the Fed rate cuts in March and based on current LIBOR rates. Other than funding the corporate revolver draws, which have been slowed down significantly thus far in March, we have also made the decisions to suspend growing the corporate loan portfolio until we have more economic stability and clarity. But we will continue leveraging our balance sheet to support our private client group, clients with residential mortgages and security based loans. We had a large bank loan provision this quarter, and I know many will ask how much more do we expect. But frankly there is way too much uncertainty to know at this point. Remember we are only starting to see borrower financials for March quarter. We still included two good months before March in the above and the pandemic really showed up. We took as much provision as we could reasonably justify the second quarter, but also expect to take more going forward if the economy doesn't recover quickly. So not a lot of great news over the short term, but I'm much more optimistic about our long-term outlook. As we're all reminded in the last financial crisis, half the battle of long-term outperformance in our industry is surviving periods of extreme stress. As Paul detailed, we have a substantial amount of capital and liquidity. So not only are we confident in our ability to withstand a very severe economic downturn, we're also optimistic that we have sufficient capital and liquidity to be opportunistic and front footed when things stabilize. Our growth priorities remain unchanged. Our top priority is organic growth, which is primarily driven by retaining and recruiting advisors in the private client group as well as continuing to have senior talent in our other businesses, such as investment banking. We also continue to pursue acquisitions, which we will be well positioned for as soon as an economy recovers and markets stabilize. Historically these types of environments produce valuations that can be attractive to both buyers and sellers over the long term. A good example of that was our Morgan Keegan acquisition in 2012 after the financial crisis. Before we open the line for questions, I just want to add, while there are many uncertainties right now, I know Raymond James will continue to operate and are consistent with our long term values. These are the same values that help guide us and withstand past economic downturns and deliver superior returns for shareholders over time. It's difficult to predict the severity of economic deterioration as a result of COVID-19. I believe we are well positioned with our diversified business mix, long-term focus and conservative principles. With our strong capital and liquidity position, we can proactively pursue strategic acquisitions with a consistent and disciplined approach. And while our strong capital position and systems infrastructure have been critical, our successful response to the pandemic and resulting market disruptions is a testament for our people. I just want to thank all of our associates and advisors again for the remarkable contributions in unwavering focus on serving clients during this unprecedented crisis. I've never been more proud to be part of the Raymond James family. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Vincent and to open the line for questions. Vincent?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Steven Chubak: Hey, good morning, Paul. Paul, I hope both you guys are doing well. Just I appreciated some of the clarifying remarks on expense, and you noted higher credit costs were the primary culprit of elevated non-comps versus expectations. I guess taking a step back on recent calls you've talked about efforts to bend the cost curve slow the pace of non-comp growth. We started to see some early signs of that in recent quarters. But even when I back out the higher provision and the NCI noise, it looks like core revenues were up about 5%, non-comps were up 7% sequentially. So I'm just trying to understand how much of the non-comp inflation, was may be one-time in nature? And then with revenue slated to contract from here just given the COVID pressures you cited, how should we think about the pace of non-comp growth in a contracting revenue environment?
Paul Reilly: Yes, Steve, as you may recall from last quarter, the non-compensation number that you are facing, the sequential growth on last quarter of $299 million was kind of seasonally low. And so we guided for the year to about $1.3 billion or $325 million per quarter, which would have been an increase of somewhere around in the low single digits on apples-to-apples basis on an annual basis. So everyone was sort of looking at that $325 million this quarter. And again, even with those two items you've mentioned, we would have been lower than that for the quarter. Now again, a lot of that is due to some of the conferences and travel - we really had a conference or institutional conference. We still had in early March before the COVID crisis really broke out, but we did obviously travel expenses did decrease as March progressed and the COVID shelter in place orders went into place. And some of that was offset by purchasing laptops et cetera. So I would tell you that the non-comp expenses, excluding the provisions came in in terms of the various line items where we would have expected and where we talked about last quarter. Now with that being said, as we progress from here, the dynamics will shift a little bit as travel and conferences. We've canceled a lot of the conferences, the two big private client group conferences this year. So that dynamic will shift from here. And then in terms of any further actions on costs beyond that, people and the compensation being our biggest costs, it's really during the crisis, is not when you make those types of changes. So we need more clarity and stability before we make broader changes in that.
Steven Chubak: Thanks. Very helpful color on that Paul. Just one for me on credit and the provision outlook, relative to a lot of your bank comps, you actually built, help your level of provision despite having arguably lower exposure to the higher risk industry categories. Now how should we think about the pace of provision build over the course of this year? You subtly alluded to GFC stress as maybe being the right paradigm here for thinking about loan loss reserve levels, should we refer that if COVID stress continues to negatively impact economic growth that we should be contemplating similar build toward 2% plus or how should we really frame that as we think about the trajectory over the remainder of this year?
Paul Reilly: Yes. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty going forward, as you've heard from all the other banks. And when you look at that allowance for loan loss, which for us is about 1.5%, and you compared to other banks, you really have to look at the various loan categories. We don't have a credit card portfolio. For example some of the banks put allowances of 8% to 10% on those types of portfolios. But within our corporate and CRE portfolio, around 2.4% allowance for loan losses, which we believe and based on what we're seeing in the industry is a healthy number. And so but going forward as healthy as we think that is, it could get worse from here if the economic conditions continue to deteriorate.
Steven Chubak: All right. Just one quick clarifying question, Paul, I believe that you indicated that the third party suite program is yielding about 30 bps. I was just hoping you could speak to how these agreements are structured, given a lot of banks are flush with cash, given client derisking and aggressive QE. I'm just wondering if the banks start to have less appetite for deposits or if you're sensing that at all? And how that might impact the pricing on some of these agreements?
Paul Reilly: I'll tell you early on, the last month or so we've actually seen just the opposite. The demand from the banks and even some of the biggest banks in the country has been very strong. I think some of that is somewhat related to the significant level of revolver fundings over the last month. And so we've added significant capacity with third party banks at attractive rates. They're typically one or two year type agreements. And for us as of right now the floating rate agreements that are based on Fed funds target or Fed funds effective.
Steven Chubak: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. Another one on the provision, I appreciate there's a lot of uncertainty, but can you talk to us a bit about the potential ramifications or impacts to you from the implementation of CECL in October?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I guess, it's too early to tell. We're building out all the models. And even when we run sort of parallel runs now with the model that we have, there's pretty significant variations, especially since the COVID crisis. And what macroeconomic scenarios we could use, we would probably air on using some of the more conservative scenarios. But again, too early to tell. And by the time we implemented on October 1, conditions and assumptions are going to be a lot different. So even for the banks that have already implemented, CECL, what we're hearing on from peers and other earnings calls is that there's a lot of uncertainty and variability with the assumptions that they're using.
Chris Harris: Okay. And I know you guys are sweeping a lot of deposits to third party banks. But what is your appetite to grow the securities portfolio in this type of an environment with where yields are today?
Paul Reilly: Yes. As we said on the last few calls, we have a target to grow the securities portfolio to $6 billion by the end of the fiscal year. We actually ended the quarter at just over $4 billion. But that would represent a 50% increase, which is a significant increase for the rest of the fiscal year. And we'll probably get to the $6 billion at the current pace, maybe a few weeks before the end of the fiscal year. But obviously, a lot can change between now and then. In terms of the incremental balances that came in in the last four weeks. We're taking them off-balance sheet now just to provide as much flexibility as possible. We wouldn't want to make a big change in our balance sheet strategy in the middle of the global pandemic. And certainly not with that all the cash that just came in, in the last three to four weeks. So we are open to it. Last time we're in a zero rate environment. We didn't have a securities portfolio or agency mortgage backed securities portfolio at all. Now we do and we have a lot of expertise. We actually use our in house team, a strategic investment management services team to help us with it. So we feel really good about our securities portfolio. And as the cash balances remain resilient as we get through the $6 billion, if it still makes sense for us and for shareholders, we will certainly consider growing it even beyond that.
Chris Harris: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Q - Devin Ryan: I guess first question just on the NIM guidance in the bank. I appreciate the color there. That's roughly what we were expecting in terms of the progression. As we think about kind of beyond the next couple of quarters, do you see that moving lower if you're further from there, just based on the current rate curve or how should we think about that? Is it 2.5% kind of where effectively in that range it bottoms out or are there other kind of puts and takes that would affect if we were to kind of run this out a little further in the next year or two?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I mean, obviously, there's going to be a lot of variables there in terms of how the asset growth and which categories that asset growth comes from over the next year or two. So as best as we can tell right now, 2.5%, give or take obviously, LIBOR moved 20 basis points just in the last seven days. So there's a lot of volatility even in the base rate. But I think based on what we know that now, that's about as far as we're willing to guide.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Fair enough. And then a follow-up here just on you talked a little bit about M&A and the opportunities that can come about as a result of dislocation. And as I just thinking about tying that into the technology investment that the firm has made in recent years and kind of how that differentiates you or when you've been thinking about talking to financial advisors and recruiting and just in this work from home environment? How much more important technology is today probably than ever before? How is that playing into kind of the offering to advisors as you are doing these virtual recruiting sessions with them? And just kind of essentially presenting the platform to them? And then in terms of like the M&A consolidation opportunity, is that maybe one of the drivers here where some of the firms that are small or maybe under invested and we're seeing that technology is going to be probably a lot more important than even anyone thought six months ago or a year ago. So just love some thoughts on that, both how it applies to both recruiting and M&A as well?
Paul Reilly: So from recruiting, Steve I am sorry, Devin, that it's early. We've had a few, what I call telerecruiting sessions that have worked. We our commitment backlog is good, but joining dates have split. People don't want to go in and open an office right now, in most cases, although we've had some virtual openings. So it's early to tell really what that impact is going to be in terms of recruiting. There is nothing like a face-to-face, meaning, especially when many people are joining us for a value proposition. And to really see the technology demonstrated live with people, that's much more impactful. So I think getting in front of people will be the key to resuming recruiting at the kind of the paces we have. And so my guess is it will be disrupted in terms of for the financial services entries for advisors, most firms did fairly well in terms of work from home. Their technology may not have been as noble, but they've been able to do that. And financially, self-clearing firms probably struggled without a lot if they didn't have a lot of capital in the first week or two, but that's settled down too. So I think it's going to be a little bit longer term where people have to see that strategically as we recruit because of our systems. I think firms are going to have to say, you know what, we're just too far behind between regulatory and recruiting and technology that we need to go somewhere else. So I would not expect in the private client group space any rapid movement, and we wish those firms well. They're friendly firms to us, but hopefully, someday, if they make that decision, they'll join us. I think there's probably more opportunity, if this crisis if there's a slow return in M&A. We've had discussions in the investment banking and the M&A space for a while now and pricing tended to be the issue, and we'll see what happens to pricing if this brags out. I think people will get more interested. If it's short-term and M&A bounces back, then I think there'll be less opportunities. So we're very actively keeping up the dialogue, and we're just going to have to see, again, just like the crisis, it's too early to tell, a slow recovery, will need more probably reserves and a slower market and but maybe more M&A opportunity and a faster recovery may make the loan portfolio much more robust and the market goes up, but maybe M&A opportunities won't be as available. So it's just too hard to tell. It seems like forever, but we're six weeks in, really. So it's being at home, it's you count the days a little they seem a little slower, but it hasn't been a lot of time than where we are in this pandemic so far.
Devin Ryan: Well thanks, I appreciate it. I'll leave it there. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Q - Gautam Sawant: Good morning. This is Gautam Sawant stepping in for Craig. A question, what drove the decision to raise an additional $500 million? And how do you feel about your liquidity and capital position with $2 billion of cash at the parent level?
Paul Reilly: So what drove it was honestly, we debated with about $1.5 million of cash revolver that's secured and committed by we bank some of the biggest and healthiest financial institutions. So we really need cash. And the first answer was probably not, but we decided I've never seen a firm go broke because they had too much cash or a firm that has that couldn't execute an opportunity because they had too much cash. So we looked at the pros and cons and decided that our extreme capital levels that we've had are an asset to us, and we wouldn't have to cut the debt. So now we're $2 billion in cash and a $0.5 billion undrawn line of credit. So we feel we did it. If this crisis is more severe than we imagine, we'll still be fine. Multiples of the cash and capital that we had going into the '09 crisis, '08, '09, if there's an acquisition opportunity, we are ready to go. Part of our Morgan Keegan acquisition happened because we were able to execute, both with our cash on hand and a committed in an overnight committed volume that a bank gave us to execute very quickly at a time or where it was very uncertain it could execute. So again, we felt being liquid was probably more important than the extra interest cost. So we went ahead and to the bond offering.
Gautam Sawant: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Alex Blostein: Great, thanks, good morning guys. Couple of questions, so I guess just going back to credit dynamics and the provision in the quarter. Can you help us understand, I guess, some of the macro inputs that you considered, whether it's GDP growth or something that we can help sensitize to what degree, if we see further deterioration in the portfolio or in that economy? We could see additional reserve builds. So kind of what's the baseline assumption? And any sensitivity around additional deterioration?
Paul Shoukry: So Alex, we don't implement CECL until October 1. So it's not so formulaic for us yet because we have a September 30 fiscal year end. So our CECL implementation starts at the beginning of our next fiscal year. So it's not quite as formulaic. We're still under the incurred loss model, where we're really trying to go loan-by-loan and do make the decision on a bottoms up basis.
Paul Reilly: And those reserves were generated mainly on the industries that we thought the sectors that were very COVID affected. So that's where most of that all that reserving CAD.
Alex Blostein: Got you. And then I guess unrelated just back to the conversation around expenses and comp. Appreciate your comments around the comp rate, obviously being skewed this quarter by the private equity dynamics. That's pretty clear. But I guess if you look at some of the segments, the comp rate and capital markets specifically picked up pretty materially at around 63% in the quarter. So I guess maybe you would drove that and then taking a step back, can you help us think about what the comp rate for the firm should look like for the rest of the year?
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Within the capital markets segment, that comp ratio was negatively impacted this quarter by revenue mix. We don't break it out anymore after revenue recognition changes last year, but we did have some trading losses on inventories in the capital markets segment, where there's not the same direct compensation associated with those trading losses as we have with the significant growth in commissions we had in the segment during the quarter. And of course, on a year-over-year basis, M&A was down significantly from a very strong year ago quarter. So it's really attributable to the revenue mix and particularly the trading losses on the inventories. In aggregate though, just kind of stepping back in to your overall question, obviously, there's going to be negative pressure or upward pressure on the comp ratio just due to lower interest rates and the negative impact that lower interest rates has on non-compensable revenues. The net interest income and RJBDP from third party banks is going to be down based on the guidance that we just provided, and those don't have direct compensation associated with it. So you can look back before the 2015 period in a zero rate environment, obviously, that puts upward pressure on our comp ratio. But we're not because of all the volatility with the other line items and the impact of revenue mix, we're not in a position now to provide a new target for that?
Paul Reilly: I think, too, it's important to note that those trading losses, so a lot of them were generated by fixed income. We in our unique kind of balance sheet, one of our strongest sectors has been in the nontaxable muni finance. And even though that portfolio was almost entirely investment grade. In '09 those securities traded well. In this downturn, they did not. So we went ahead and lower those. I think we have the lowest inventory we've ever had. And fixed income right now. When we went ahead and sold them out, and that generated some trading losses, but it left us very liquid and nimble.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Okay that makes sense. Can I just clear one more around just the capital return dynamics and the balance sheet management? So obviously, nice to see you guys do a successful debt offering, but just given the significant amount of liquidity on the balance sheet, can you give us some thoughts around rationale behind going out and raising long term debt today? For in your refi activity, or anything else we should be thinking about there?
Paul Reilly: I think if you look at our capital, one of our clear message is we have a lot more capital and cash. Even today, we're very unlevered compared to most of our competitors. So one of the challenges we had, even if the world continued and we're buying back stock, we would've had to raise that for liquidity or if we did an acquisition, we would have to raise debt or equity for liquidity. So I think what you see is us just being a little more aggressive in getting our cash liquidity more in line with our capital so that we have flexibility. And we felt that the market has recovered and is starting to do better, but we've also seen periods where the market wasn't open for periods of time and felt that even at that cost, it was a good trade-off to have more liquidity, more in keeping with the capital we have to give us flexibility, whether we end up doing an acquisition or buying back shares eventually or we have the cash to be able to execute on that.
Alex Blostein: Great, thanks for taking all the question.
Paul Shoukry: Thanks Alex.
Operator: Last question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Lorie [ph] dialing in for Bill Katz. So just have questions around capital market. I'm wondering what are the current equity and fixed income sell-side trends into April? And what would be the key factor to get M&A going again?
Paul Reilly: I think for M&A and capital markets, it's just a confidence where the economy is going. So surprisingly [indiscernible] pulls a bit, backlog has been very resilient. And people are still talking or waiting. I think if you see in the economic recovery start to happen that M&A transactions will pick up. If you see a very slow recovery or a recurrence of the virus, you're going to see M&A activity really fall off. So, again it's very economic dependent and in fixed income I think it we did very well. We did have trading losses as I described later, but the volume and the profitability of that segment has been good. Certainly, March from a commission basis was outsized. Outsized for everybody with the increased volatility, but even as volatility settled down, we still have reasonably good volumes in our fixed income trading sales business. So I'm feeling pretty good about that sector.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
Operator: No further questions, please continue.
Paul Reilly: Great. Sorry if you missed the opening. But we hope and we think about all of everyone affected by COVID directly and indirectly as we're recognized that us and our industry is able to work from home that we're really blessed because other people don't have their jobs right now, and we certainly hope you and your families are doing well. So thank you for joining today and that maybe you can hear the opening on the recording.
Paul Shoukry: So we have the recording and we'll put it online. We'll rerecord the opening and have it online for everybody, including the forward-looking statements.
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-01-23 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Raymond James Financial’s Fiscal First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Myra and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on the company’s Investor Relations website. Now I will turn it over to Kristie Waugh, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Kristie Waugh: Thank you, Myra. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on this call. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Paul Shoukry, Chief Financial Officer. The presentation they will review this morning is available on Raymond James’ Investor Relations website. Following their prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition words such as believes, expects, could, and would as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q which are also available on our IR website. During today's call, we also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedules accompanying our press release and presentation. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Kristie, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. During this call, if you hear me refer to Paul, I’m not referring to myself in third person because Paul Shoukry has now taken over the CFO reins and will be going over that part of the call. As usual, I'll give an overview and I'm going to turn it over to Paul who will cover more of the details and update our guidance. As we indicated on our last call, before the interest rate changes, we were going to hold off on guidance until those rate cuts were announced, and we knew how deep they would be. After that, Paul will then turn it over to me to discuss the outlook. So overall, I'm really pleased with our results for the first quarter, especially given the significant headwinds from the three recent interest rate cuts, which will have an estimated negative impact on our pre-tax earnings of approximately $140 million annually. As outlined on Slide 3, we generated quarterly net revenues of $2 billion which were up 4% from the prior year's fiscal first quarter and down 1% from the record set in the preceding quarter. We generated record quarterly net income of $268 million or $1.89 per diluted share. On an annualized basis, our return on equity for the quarter was 16%. And while as you know, we've been reluctant to disclose this metric because we believe return on total equity is the most relevant and we do not have any preferred equity. We are now disclosing return on tangible common equity or ROTCE as that has become a common metric in our industry. On an annualized basis, we generated a 17.5% return on tangible common equity during the quarter, which we believe is very attractive especially given our strong capital position. On Slide 4, you can see that in addition to the strong financial results this quarter, we also achieved records for most of our key business metrics, including client assets under administration of $896 billion, PCG assets in fee-based accounts of $444.2 billion, financial assets under management of $151.7 billion, total PCG financial advisors of 8,060, and net loans at RJ Bank of $21.3 billion. While, equity market appreciation certainly contributed to the growth of client asset metrics, we also believe that the substantial growth, for example 31% year-over-year and 9% sequential increases in PCG assets in fee-based accounts reflects significant increases in market share that have been driven by our consistent industry-leading strong retention and recruiting of Private Client Group financial advisors. For example, for the firms that have already reported, the year-over-year increases in fee-based assets have ranged 18% to 23% well below our year-over-year growth. Client’s domestic cash balances which ended the quarter at $39.5 billion were down 16% year-over-year from the high watermark reached in the following -- in the quarter a year-ago because of the surge in market volatility in December of 2018, but were up 5% sequentially partially due to year-end tax planning positioning. Client cash balances appeared to stabilize over the last several months. But remember, at the beginning of each quarter, we have the impact of quarterly fee billings and in the first calendar quarter, we typically see seasonal declines within cash balances due to income tax payments. Now let's turn to the segment results starting on Slide 5. The Private Client Group generated record quarterly net revenues of $1.4 billion, primarily driven by the aforementioned growth of assets in fee-based accounts which was partially offset by the negative impact of lower short-term interest rates and net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks. Quarterly net income for the segment was $153 million, down 7% on a year-over-year basis, but up 7% sequentially. The year-over-year declines in pre-tax income was largely due to the decrease in net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks which was due to the lower short-term interest rates as Paul Shoukry will discuss in much more detail. The sequential improvement in the segment’s pre-tax income was driven by higher revenues and lower non-comp expenses. And again, Paul will discuss these after I finish this part. Most importantly, on the bottom of the slide, you can see very positive trends for client assets and a number of advisors, which grew to 8,060, despite the elevated number of planned retirements that are typical each December quarter. For example, in that quarter alone, there were 69 advisors who retired or left the business during the quarter, where in most cases we retained substantially all the client assets. Our net additions of financial advisors during the quarter was particularly impressive compared to other firms in our industry, who have reported so far as most all have reported decreases in net advisors year-over-year and sequentially. But even more impressive than net addition of advisors is the quality of the advisors joining Raymond James. We're attracting very large and high-quality practices including some in the $5 million to $10 million range. Over the past four quarters, financial advisors with over $300 million of trailing 12 production and over $40 billion of assets at the prior firms had affiliated with Raymond James, which is a spectacular result. And our recruiting pipeline continues to be robust across all of our affiliation options. Moving to Slide 6, the Capital Markets segment had mixed results during the quarter as revenue and pre-tax income were up year-over-year basis but down sequentially compared to the fiscal fourth quarter. Fixed income brokerage revenue and both equity and debt underwriting revenues were strong during the quarter. On the other hand, M&A revenues and equity brokerage revenues were down from the year-ago quarter. On the next slide, Asset Management segment generated record quarterly net revenues and pre-tax income, and financial assets under management reached a record of $151.7 billion, increases of 20% on a year-over-year basis and 6% sequential. These record results were driven by equity market appreciation, the net addition of financial advisors and PCG, and increased utilization of fee-based accounts which more than offset the modest net outflows for Carillon Tower Advisers during the quarter. On Slide 8, Raymond James Bank peaked out record quarterly net revenues of $216 million; a slightly higher than the preceding quarter as loan growth help offset to seven basis points sequential decline in the Bank's net interest income margin caused again by lower short-term interest rates. Pre-tax income was up 23% on a year-over-year basis and 3% sequentially held by the loan loss benefit of $2 million for the quarter. Despite loan growth and an uptick in credit size loans during the quarter, a higher concentration of residential mortgage, which carries lower allowance than C&I loans on average, and payoffs of certain lower rated corporate loans resulted in the loan loss benefit. Net loans ended the quarter at a record $21.3 billion which was up 7% over December of 2018 and 2% over September 2019. Now I'll turn over the call to Paul, Paul Shoukry, who will provide more detail on the financial results. Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Thanks. Before jumping into the numbers, I just want to thank Jeff Julien, who's sitting in the room with us this morning. Jeff has been a fantastic mentor and friend over the past several years. And certainly I have big shoes to fill, but fortunately, Jeff has agreed to stick around for a year to help me with the transition. So thank you, Jeff. I want to point out that in addition to the presentation, we're using for this call, we also provided a financial supplement for the first time this quarter which provides similar metrics as earnings release, but over five-rolling quarters. I'll also point out some other requested additions to our disclosures throughout my prepared remarks. As always, thanks to all of you for your feedback and suggestions to help us continuously enhance our disclosures. Starting with revenues on Slide 10, as Paul stated, we generated quarterly net revenues of $2 billion, which were up 4% on a year-over-year basis and down 1% compared to the record achieved in the preceding quarter. Notably about 75% of our net revenues are asset-based providing relatively good predictability. Asset management fees were up 10% on a year-over-year basis and 3% sequentially, consistent with a 3% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts in the preceding quarter. Assets in fee-based accounts were up a substantial 9% during the fiscal first quarter, which will be reflected in the Private Client Group segment in the second quarter as most of these assets are billed at the beginning of each quarter based on balances at the end of the preceding quarter. Also remember about 13% of this line item is driven by financial assets under management primarily in the Asset Management segment, which are built based on a combination of beginning, ending, and average assets throughout the quarter. Given one fewer billing day in the second quarter compared to the first quarter and the 6% sequential increase in financial assets under management, we would expect asset management fees to grow somewhere around 7% to 8% next quarter on a sequential basis. Brokerage revenues during the quarter of $460 million were pretty healthy as fixed income brokerage revenues were strong again this quarter. While brokerage revenues in PCG and institutional equity brokerage revenues improved on a sequential basis, they were both still pretty subdued as PCG brokerage commissions are negatively impacted by the shift to fee-based accounts and there are cyclical and structural headwinds impacting equity brokerage revenues across the industry, particularly for a firm like ours that do not take as much balance sheet risk. Accounting service fees of $178 million were down 4% on a year-over-year basis and 1% sequentially. The decline compared to the fiscal first quarter of 2019 was largely attributable to the removal of the money market sweep option last June, which is reflected in the Asset Management segment, as well as lower RJBDP fees from third-party banks due to lower short-term interest rates and lower average cash balances, which I will discuss in more detail in the next two slides. Partially offsetting those items was an increase in mutual fund and annuity service fees attributable to more mutual fund positions and higher mutual fund balances. Investment banking revenues of $141 billion were up 3% compared to last year's first quarter, but down 10% compared to the preceding quarter. Debt underwriting and equity underwriting revenues were both strong but M&A revenues declined on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. As you may recall, in fiscal year 2019, we generated approximately $600 million of investment banking revenues which was a record that was up 19% from the prior-year’s record. Given how strong our investment banking revenues were last year, we would be pleased to match that result this year assuming market conditions remain conducive which would result in an average of about $150 million of investment banking revenues per quarter. So we have some catching up to do after the first quarter. I'll discuss net interest income on the next two slides, but quickly on other revenues which were down substantially this quarter, the two primary drivers for the decline in other revenues were lower tax credit fund revenues, which had a very strong fourth quarter, and a modest valuation loss on private equity investments in the other segment, compared to gains in both the fiscal first quarter and fourth quarter of 2019. Moving to Slide 11, clients’ domestic cash sweep balances which are the primary source of funding for our interest earning assets and the balances with third-party banks that generate RJBDP fees ended the quarter at $39.5 billion representing 4.9% of domestic PCG client assets, which is a record low as far back as we have the data. These balances have stabilized since the fiscal third quarter of 2019 and increased 5% during the first quarter partially due to the tax positioning that is typical at the end of the calendar year. Unless we encounter elevated market volatility, we expect pressure on these balances in the fiscal second quarter due to the quarterly fee billings in income tax payments. On Slide 12, the top chart displays our firm-wide net interest income and RJBDP fees from third-party banks on a combined basis, as these two items are directly impacted by changes in short-term rates. As you can see, the three rate cuts totaling 75 basis points since August has put pressure on these revenue streams, which on a combined basis are down $25 million from the high watermark in the fiscal second quarter of 2019 and that's despite loan growth at Raymond James Bank. On the bottom right portion of the slide, we provided a new disclosure that many of you have been requesting. During the quarter the average yield on RJBDP fees from third-party banks was 1.64%. Prior to the three rate cuts, the average yields reached 2% in the fiscal second quarter of 2019 which means the deposit beta averaged approximately 50% for those last three rate cuts. Given the current level of clients’ domestic cash sweep balances, the reduction of our spread of 36 basis points 2% down to 1.64%, roughly equates to an annual pre-tax earnings impact of approximately $140 million. Now this is based on oversimplified math because obviously a good portion of these balances are used to fund the bank's balance sheet, where loan spreads vary and there's some duration. Those dynamics are reflected on the NIM graph on the bottom left portion of the slide. But based on the oversimplified math, $140 million would represent approximately 10% of our adjusted pre-tax income in fiscal year 2019 and would reflect a negative impact of approximately 100 to 150 basis points to the comp ratio and pre-tax margin, which we'll discuss more on the next slide. Raymond James Bank’s net interest margin declined seven basis points from the pursuit preceding quarter to 3.23%. If short-term rates remain constant, we would expect the bank's NIM to remain at around the same level in the second quarter assuming of similar asset mix, as the negative impact from the higher mix of lower risk and lower yielding residential mortgages should largely be offset by a reduction in the cash sweep rates we are making this week, which will average around five basis points and leave us near the top-end of the competitive rates. So we would -- similarly we would expect the average yield on RJBDP fees from third-party banks to remain around 1.6% to 1.65%. Now, I'll discuss expenses on Slide 13. First, let me spend a few minutes on compensation expense which is by far the largest expense. The compensation ratio increased sequentially from 65.2% to 67.2%. This increase was largely driven by revenue mix, as compensable revenues in PCG, those which have been associated with advisor payouts have grown to be a higher portion of net revenues, while non-compensable revenues have declined as a portion of net revenues. As I covered on the prior slide, the decrease in short-term interest rates has pressured a significant portion of the non-compensable revenues. Meanwhile, compensable revenues in the Private Client Group which include asset management fees, brokerage revenues, and Investment Banking revenues in the segment were up 3% sequentially. These revenues have an average payout between our affiliation options of approximately 75%. So when PCG’s compensable revenues increase faster than other revenue sources, you should expect the compensation ratio to increase. Just as a decrease substantially when rates increase from 2015 through 2018. To help you better understand this dynamic, we started breaking out PCG Financial Advisor compensation and benefits in the earnings release and supplement, which represented $25 million of the $31 million sequential increase in the firm's total compensation during the quarter or roughly 80% of the overall increase. This dynamic is expected to continue into the fiscal second quarter as assets in fee-based accounts were up 9% during the fiscal first quarter. Given the growth of financial advisor compensation and the reset of payroll taxes at the beginning of each calendar year, we would expect the compensation ratio to be somewhere around 67.5% for the fiscal year. This represents 100 basis point increase over our prior target. But again, this adjustment is primarily a function of lower short-term interest rates and the change in revenue mix between large portion of compensable revenues in PCG. Onto non-compensation expenses. Non-compensation expenses during the quarter were $299 million, which declined 14% from the preceding quarter and included -- that preceding quarter included $19 million goodwill impairment and 10% from the year-ago quarter which included a $15 million loss associated with the disposition of our European equities research business. Given the loan loss benefit and the fact that there were no major recognition events or conferences during the quarter, we would expect non-compensation expenses to increase throughout the year. More specifically, while there are a lot of variables, we're currently estimating that non-compensation expenses in fiscal 2020 will total around $1.3 billion or an average of about $325 million per quarter. But as we experienced in the first quarter, we also expect a wide range around this target from quarter-to-quarter. And if revenue growth is higher than expected that could drive non-compensation expenses higher as well as certain line items such as sub-advisory fee expense are directly tied to revenue growth. $1.3 billion of non-compensation expenses in fiscal 2020 would represent approximately 2% growth over fiscal 2019 which included a two aforementioned non-GAAP items. We believe this would be a good result particularly given the amount of growth we are experiencing as we are extremely focused on containing expense growth as much as possible, while still investing for the future. Slide 14 shows the pre-tax margin trend over the past five quarters. The pre-tax margin was 17.9% in the fiscal first quarter of 2020. Given the expense guidance I just provided, we would expect the pre-tax margin to be around 17% for fiscal 2020, reflecting 100 basis points decline from the target that we provided under Analyst and Investor Day before the three recent short-term rate cuts. Again, this is our best estimate given what we know right now, and we all know things can change rapidly in our business. Slide 15 provides a summary of our capital actions over the past five quarters, where we returned over $1 billion back to shareholders through dividends and repurchases under the Board's authorization. We only repurchased 11 million of shares in the fiscal first quarter, but we remain committed to at least offsetting stock-based compensation dilution, which is approximately $150 million to $200 million per year. Furthermore, as we exhibited last year given our strong capital and liquidity position, we will also consider significantly increasing our repurchases, if the stock price dips to opportunistic levels which we had stated starts at around 1.8 times book value. We currently have $739 million of remaining share repurchase authorization. In summary, given the growth of our capital which is already very strong, we’re going to increase our focus on utilizing and/or deploying our capital whether it be through higher dividends, being more aggressive with our buybacks, pursuing corporate development opportunities, or accelerating the growth of our balance sheet, for example, by growing the bank's securities portfolio much more rapidly. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Paul Reilly to discuss our outlook. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul, and thanks for lot of guidance update there. But as again, as you recall from our last call, we said given the upcoming interest rate changes, we couldn't predict, we would hold off until this quarter. And you can see most of these changes were just caused by the interest rate changes. So we provided as much detail. Typically we would do it at our Investor and Analyst day. So we could explain things in person. But given the cuts since our last call, we felt it was time to update it sooner than later. In summary, we had three rate cuts since our last Analyst and Investor Day in June, which has an impact on our pre-tax income about $140 million. So we needed to adjust our comp ratio and pre-tax margin targets by 100 basis points. Unlike many of the other firms we’re in growth mode in almost all of our businesses and their expenses associated with growth. For example, we've been consistently adding financial advisors on a net basis, whereas most larger firms have consistently been losing advisors on a net basis. That creates a very different dynamic for our expense trajectory as we’re adding to our transition assistance and retention amortization reflected in the compensation that alone is about $265 million in 2019 representing 3.5% net revenues and $100 million larger than just four years prior. We're also adding support at the branches and at the home office, expanding the size of our branch footprint, paying internal and external recruiters, paying for ACAT fees to transfer and accounts and so on. Growth is expensive, but we believe it represents a very good long-term result for our shareholders. And given this growth, I think a 2% growth in non-comp expenses is good expense management. With the benefit of hindsight, we probably could have done a better job explaining our expense growth over the past three years as we've been investing heavily, not just in our technology, but in our compliance and supervision infrastructure originally to get ready for the DOL role, which has since been vacated, but also to support the future growth in responsible manner by improving our solutions for advisors and their clients. And now I'm really glad we did make those investments as the SEC’s best interest standard is out and other fiduciary requirements become effective this year. If we had not made those significant investments over the past few years such as implementing Mantas and Actimize and other technologies for AML compliance and supervision, we would have struggled more in our implementation efforts for regulation BI. But I believe we're in the late stages of that infrastructure and personnel build-out, which is why we are confident we’ll be able to decelerate our expense growth going forward despite the significant growth we're experiencing across our businesses. Importantly, once we complete the build-out, we’ll be able to support a much larger number of financial advisors and clients on our infrastructure which should result in scale economies over time. And that growth really starts with the Private Client Group, which is obviously our largest business. We’re consistently producing best-in-class growth in this business. As I said earlier, over the past four quarters, financial advisors with 300 plus million dollars of production and $40 billion of assets as their prior firms have affiliated with Raymond James and our recruiting pipeline remains very strong across all of our affiliation options. This quarter represents a better start than last year's first quarter where we’re flattish in the number of advisors. The first quarter of every year has significant number of retirements which is typical at year-end. We’re off to a good start with this quarter averaging above last year's quarterly average. The strong recruiting and most importantly our strong retention of existing advisors has helped PCG assets and fee-based accounts grow 31% on a year-over-year basis and 9% on a sequential basis which is among the very best results, if not the best result we've seen in our industry on an organic basis. The 9% sequential growth is expected to provide a nice tailwind to our revenues in the fiscal second quarter. In Capital Markets, we've become accustomed to M&A achieving new records each year, as we've been investing heavily in that business. Activity levels in our banking business are still healthy, but we'd be very happy if we can match last year’s $600 million in fiscal 2020. On the sales and trading side, we’re still seeing positive trends on fixed income side of the business but we expect the equity side of the business remain challenged as business continues to shift to low touch trading and balance sheet providers. The asset management business could continue to benefit from the growth of assets in fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment which has offset the challenging flow environment for Carillon Tower Advisers due to the shift from actively managed products to passively managed products. We’re entering the second quarter with fiscal assets under management up 20% year-over-year and 6% sequentially. In Raymond James Bank, we’re continuing to experience very strong loan growth in the Private Client Group, particularly residential mortgages, given the low rate environment. While residential mortgages have lower yields than our corporate loans, they have the dual benefit of having very attractive risk adjusted returns, while also strengthening our client relationships. Given where we are in the market cycle, we’ll continue to be extremely selective with loan growth particularly in the corporate loan categories. On capital, as Paul Shoukry explained, we’re fully committed deploying our excess capital. We have been extremely engaged on evaluating corporate development opportunities but pricing in many of these has continued to be a challenge at this point in the market cycle. We’ll continue pursuing those opportunities in a deliberate manner but also be more aggressive in our other capital levers; including repurchases or growing the balance sheet. So overall, I'm cautiously optimistic entering the second quarter as we have had record client assets, a record number of financial advisors, a record net loans at RJ Bank. The activity levels for financial advisor recruiting’s remains strong, investment banking pipelines remain healthy. But given lower short-term interest rates and how far we are into the bull market, the longest ever, we’re still being focused on managing expenses. So with that, I'm going to open it up to questions and turn it over to Myra. Myra?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that analysts are allowed one question and one follow-up question only. Our first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: So, I had a question on recruiting. I mean, you grew your advisors a healthy 3% clip over the last year, you did have some retirements in the fourth quarter. But can you provide a little more color on where those advisors are coming from, and if you’re seeing increasing competition for advisors from the different groups like the wire houses and other independent brokers, and also why are a lot of those big banks failing in the competition for advisors now though?
Paul Reilly: Well, I think it's just the shift in philosophy that Raymond James has a platform where we still have the advisors as our clients. We give them an environment that allows them to do what's best for their clients and with no product push. We have no quotas on any product, managers don't have any incentives. I mean, we really want advisors to do what's best for them. So we've had an attractive platform for a long time, and I think in today’s leading technology, and I think the banks as they've tightened some of both their payouts or structures and a lot of advisors feel like there's less flexibility they've been leaving not just for us, but for other places. So, I think the regional firms and us have been the beneficiary of the cost of the -- of a larger wire house firms. And that trajectory has continued, so that's where most of the recruiting has come, it is from the wire house firms. We don't see any slowdown in backlog. Last year was a near record from the year before, and we're kind of on the same pace. So whether it's a record or shorter record, I don't know. But as of today, we still see the same interest in backlog than growth. So, that's been our strategy for a number of years and we don't see it changing in the short-term to mid-term.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks Paul, and I had two or three questions in there. So I'll get back in the queue.
Paul Reilly: Myra. Next question?
Operator: We have our next question from the line of Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question. Your line is open.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, I was wondering if you could talk about the puts and takes in the non-comp line. I know you mentioned that for the full-year, the non-comp line should be around $1.3 billion. But I was wondering, how much room you have in the longer-term, maybe over the next couple of years to bring that line down a little bit. And maybe you can talk to some of the puts and takes by line?
Paul Reilly: I can give you an overview and I’ll have Paul to talk about the puts and takes. You've seen that line really taking away the accounting change last year, really decelerating over the last couple of years. So last year was a deceleration and this year is a further deceleration. But again sometimes with the accounting change where we had to gross up expenses on revenue recognition, some people lose on that. So we continue to manage it down. And we think we've become better and more efficient with the systems, and actually the systems investing actually help the advisors, also with their client management. So that's been the relationship. The large build-up started really a few years ago and it's been decelerating. Now, Paul, do you want to talk about any particular line item?
Paul Shoukry: That’s right. And to add more color to what Paul stated, last year, the non-comp expenses grew 9% as reported but over half of that was due to the two non-GAAP items in the prior-year as well as the gross up of expenses due to revenue recognition. So, if you look at kind of the apples-to-apples that represented a significant deceleration, and we're looking to kind of maintain a non-comp expense growth around the same level this year to get to $1.3 billion. Obviously started off low in the first quarter just given the loan loss credit and other items, so business development was relatively low given no conferences or recognition trips size, and we expect that to sort of build up throughout the year. But the last thing I would say on this is a lot of these lines, investment sub-advisory fees, professional fees associated with banking deals, et cetera are directly tied to revenue growth. So as much as we want to contain the growth that we can contain, we also want to fully appreciate the expense growth that is directly tied to revenue growth.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then separately on the NIM side, I know you mentioned that and the NIM should be relatively flat going into the fiscal second quarter. But I was wondering if you could speak to the outlook more for the full-year, is there a little more room to bring down costs in the deposit side? With betas around 50%, is there still more room maybe as you go into the second half of next quarter or even into the fiscal third quarter, is there room to bring deposit costs down?
Paul Shoukry: No, I think NIM is staying stable in the second quarter, reflects a cut that we're making this week of about 5 basis points. I don't know assuming rates stay stable, I do not believe that there's much more room to take deposit costs down from our current average cost after this 5 basis point cut. And the only other item I would mention on NIM is if we do accelerate the growth of our securities portfolio at the bank, which is on the table, that would all else being equal bring down the bank's NIM as we're taking the cash off balance sheet at what's earning today 1.64%. Bringing it on balance sheet would get a pickup for the firm overall. But that would be -- create pressure for the bank's overall NIM because the securities portfolio which doesn't have credit risk would have a lower yield than the credit portfolio.
Paul Reilly: Yes, that's one thing that as we move assets, if we grow the bank's balance sheet, it's better off with a consolidated firm that it will show lower NIM because it's higher interest spreads and we would earn off balance sheet but it’s the NIM in the bank would be impacted so.
Manan Gosalia: So neutral to slightly better to pre-tax margins and it would be slightly detrimental to NIM, is that right?
Paul Shoukry: Right, yes.
Paul Reilly: Yes, slightly better to pre-tax and but slightly detrimental to NIM in the banks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Your line is open. You may ask your questions.
Devin Ryan: So I guess first question here just a follow-up on the organic growth. Question in PCG, so clearly you guys are making a lot of investments to ramp the infrastructure in recent years and I think that’s driving or helping to support the industry leading organic growth. But I just wanted to dig in a little bit more on kind of commentary being kind of in the late stages of this infrastructure expansion as I get that also had some expense implication. So really the question is have you guys been at all capacity constraint on how fast you can recruit just not having the full infrastructure in place, and as you had ramp the infrastructure that can allow you potentially to close more advisors faster, so potentially there's a scenario where organic growth could accelerate, is that kind of one piece and I'm also asking a flavor for, from a geographic perspective, where you're seeing the most momentum and just an update on kind of the North, East and West and how you feel the market share is there?
Paul Reilly: So on the first question; I think that the -- how fast we ramp advisors has to do with first, can we find quality advisors that want to come and that we accept? We have an -- we have people that we don't accept too. So pipeline is one issue. Secondly, is we're still below the market. Competition increased significantly last year, but we're able to match still the same recruiting results without increasing our transition assistance like many of our competitors have. So the question really for us is how fast can we grow and assimilate advisors without hurting the service levels of existing advisors because I think what really is driving our numbers is retention. So that's focus number one. Most of the investment hasn't been on what I call pure recruiting. I think we do have the platform, if it went up, and we could find more advisors, we could onboard them. A lot of the investment has been on the supervision and compliance side. And that was in reference to those just are growing to be a larger firm. Certainly, our AML issue a few years ago, if you remember, we decided that we were going to ramp up all of our systems both AML compliance and supervision invested heavily in Mantas and Actimize and other systems which are very expensive. But we Mantas fully up and running and Actimize almost there and a large headcount growth in supervision and compliance. So that will help us ramp people. That part of the infrastructure is very scalable. And I don't think we'll have to increase it, or it'll increase much lower than we can ramp and support advisors. So that part has been the biggest build really starting a couple of years ago. And maybe in a way we invested some of the interest rate spreads to build to our infrastructure when we had that opportunity. So we're in good shape there. So I think you'll see it more in the non-comp. And I think the transition assistance we don't see going down, we're already amongst, probably the lowest in the industry than competitors in what we pay competitive but it is lower. And the ACAP is an industry expense that when people came over, we pay for the accounts to move that’s industry kind of standard. And those kind of fees won’t go away purely for recruiting. But again, we believe those have good ROEs and exceptional long-term mid to long-term benefits to the business.
Paul Shoukry: Geography?
Paul Reilly: On geography, we continue to increase I think certainly the Northeast; we're seeing a much more activity given our investments there. And the West is growing, I mean, we're growing; I would say that our percent share is still very low. So what I like is that our flags are being expanded. I think we've done better than Northeast and the West, but we're growing percentage wise, the highest in those markets. But again, we have if we can get our market share in the rest of the country in the West and Northeast; we have a lot of growth for a lot of years if we can just achieve that over the next, three to five years, we've got plenty of recruiting opportunities. So we're making progress. Recruiting is interesting, because it's a long process. Very rarely do you get someone who's just going to leave if they do leave quickly. Sometimes there's an issue, so you're cautious. And we have recruits that we said, well, I was here in 2009 and I should have come in and they join us. I have been here for two years before they make the move. So it takes a while to build the momentum and pipeline, I think we're doing a good job in both of those markets making progress. And I still think we have acceleration opportunity there.
Devin Ryan: Great. Thanks for all the color. And just a quick follow-up. So on the comp ratio and margin targets that you put out there, I understand that business mix is going to be a big input and was this quarter as well. Do those targets comp ratio and just kind of overall margin and the outlook, does that assume any additional Fed cuts or equity market appreciation from here?
Paul Reilly: No, I think it's kind of a static analysis of today's interest rate environments in this market. This is what we would expect. The only way to really impact that is to substantially change our mix or change our path. And I think we like the mix and it'll come and go depending on the quarter payouts, we always -- we do those sparingly. But when we need to do them we do. So as we look through BI and other things, we'll look at that as we always do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Chubak: So Paul, welcome to first official call as CFO, I appreciate the detailed update on expenses and capital, I was really hoping you could speak to maybe now you're in the new seat, what some of your priorities are, and specifically wanted to unpack your comments in just a couple of areas, the appetite to maybe reduce gearing to the short end of the curve, and how you might look to grow the securities book, which I think you alluded to, capital return appetite if your stock is trading a little bit above that 1.8 times book value threshold and maybe just some enhanced disclosure on organic growth, so securities book, capital returns, and organic growth disclosure.
Paul Shoukry: That’s a dense question there, Steven, but thank you.
Steven Chubak: I’m still going to take my follow-up.
Paul Shoukry: In terms of the securities portfolio, I mean we've actually grown it substantially over the last few years here. And we're just looking at the amount of cash; we have off balance sheet, what the forward curve is telling us and the amount of capital we have to and the capacity to grow assets on our balance sheet. And it's something that we're considering doing and being modest maybe $3 billion to $5 billion is sort of over a period of time in terms of accelerating the growth of incremental securities. And again, we're not looking to take credit risk in that portfolio. This would be mostly agency mortgage backed securities with duration of three to four years. And with that you would get somewhere around today, it changes every day, but today around 30 basis points of incremental pickup over what we earn off balance sheet. In terms of repurchases, I mean we're going to stay consistent with what we've been doing for a very long time we're going to -- we said, we're going to offset dilution and then as we have shown last year, where we have plenty of capital, liquidity and authorization to increase our repurchases if the price drops to what we consider opportunistic levels, and that's something that we're going to remain committed to doing as well. And then obviously, the other priorities expenses, which we've discussed in pretty good detail already.
Steven Chubak: And just the enhanced disclosure on organic growth?
Paul Shoukry: Well, I mean, we are working -- I think just referring specifically to the net new asset metric that is something we are working on. But I think over the last two or three quarters, the number of inbound requests for that has subsided somewhat because when you look at the 31% year-over-year growth in assets and fee-based accounts, I think everyone has acknowledged that among the highest, if not the highest in the industry. So I think we're getting credit for the organic growth. But at the same time, we appreciate the sort of desire to have an easier sort of metric to track in that regard. So it's something we are looking at. But kind of tying back to your first question on expense growth, nothing is free. And so we're doing in the context of our other IT priorities that we have across the firm.
Paul Reilly: I think one of the challenges right now to for the industry is that our focus is Reg BI is effective June 30. So as we look at IT and ops time, it's all focused on being making sure right now that we're compliant, and have our systems up, there are process and disclosure and other document changes that are required, so any excess capacity, or it’s really first priority, but any excess capacity, we've had to do these other things, have been focused on BI till we get them done. To do them effectively we have to start rolling things out. We’re starting to roll things out already, because we have to have them up and running and in place and done by June 30, not start doing them at June 30.
Steven Chubak: Hi and just one follow-up for me on expenses. You guys cited some progress in slowing the pace of core non-comp, that certainly is evident but the elevated comp pressure is continuing to weigh disproportionately on the margin. As we look ahead with NIM stabilizing in 2Q, revenue growth coming from more compensable activities within PCG. I'm just trying to think about longer-term, how should we view that incremental margin as those dollars come on, and most of the growth comes from fee generating activities. Now just trying to think about the earnings growth algorithm beyond 2020?
Paul Shoukry: I think given the current rate environment and market environment, which obviously are the two big factors that would impact your margins, as along with revenue mix, but I think 67.5% as of right now the best we can tell 67.5% for the comp ratio and 17% for the pre-tax margin is the best visibility we have given our current revenue mix. So to the extent that we market environment changes, interest rate environment changes, our revenue mix changes then we would adjust those targets.
Paul Reilly: First quarter was impacted by lower M&A and tax credit funds, which are core -- I mean they're cyclical; they're never, versus the PCG business. So that that impacted us, but the interest rate is the big change and that's just -- that's just math. I mean, I'm kind of amazed that we could lose 10% of our pre-tax and that much revenue from those three changes and make it up almost make it up in one quarter. So but I don't again, the only way to really change that is looking at payouts across our system. But we pay folks for production. That's where it's all going. But at least that expense is good growth, its production and profit growth. So we'll take the growth in that ratio, we can grow the revenues even faster and add to the margin. So we want to make sure they're competitive and fair. And as things shift and change over time, we will look at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for taking the questions. Thanks for the enhanced disclosure. So just coming back to margin discussion a little bit more. As you look at the segment level for private clients sort of wondering what's your long-term outlook beyond fiscal 2020 and sort of where that margin might get you and what are the drivers there? And then related to that 75% payout that you had -- you mentioned earlier in your prepared comments, how is that relative to market levels?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I would tell you in terms of the private client group margin, a lot of it really depends on geography. So to the extent that we have movement to fee-based accounts continue, which we've had obviously, a lot of the benefits gets reflected in our asset management segment to the extent that we sweep more cash to Raymond James Bank, which we're considering doing even more so with the growth in the securities portfolio that would increase the margin at Raymond James Bank relative to Private Client group. So, really, we kind of look at the margins on a consolidated basis. We think that's the most meaningful especially when comparing across firms because a lot of firms have their bank and their asset management fee-based platform in their wealth management segment. So we expect it again on a consolidated basis, our best guess right now is 17% or better for the pre-tax margins. And then a payout, the payout is just a function of the mix between our employee channel and on the independent contractor channel where contractors are paid in the 80% range. And so when you blend the two is where you get the 75% type payout on the production, not the overall revenues to the firm, but the revenues that are compensable to the advisors on average generate.
Bill Katz: Okay, it’s helpful.
Paul Shoukry: Okay.
Bill Katz: And then just -- well I’m sorry to interrupt you, and this is my follow-up, you sort of mentioned that corporate development is bit of a priority but pricing is a little heavy. So I was wondering where you get maybe get some help at least from a backdrop or call perspective of where you're most focused, whether it be in sort of bolstering the private client side or other segments of the business. And then conversely, as you look at your business and think about the mix year or two years from now are there any businesses that you’re in today that you could maybe de-emphasize a little bit or bolster ROE?
Paul Reilly: We'd like -- if you look at where the most of our ROE is generated or capital is deployed, that’s first from the bank, which is our biggest capital deployer. And we like, we'd like where that is in Private Client group where it’s really transition assistance and investment in that business, including technology. So we kind of like the businesses we're in and the mix. We're honestly open Private Client Group is our anchor business. So we always look to that first, but we're actually open to things that will grow any of our segments, we like the businesses; we think they're performing relatively well now to the market. And if there's opportunity because we're not capital bound right now, we would do something first as economic sense to shareholders but it has to first make the business better not just bigger, we avoid things just to be bigger that don't really have good ROE to the shareholders. So we're focused on all four, we continue to be in dialogue. But I would say over the last year we've had more dialogue that ended without anyone trading because we just felt the market was too fast was too high and I think the market agreed on a lot of those assets -- the assets was just too high. So we’re not going to do something just to do something.
Operator: We have our next question from the line of Jim Mitchell from Buckingham Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe we could just follow-up on the comp in PCG a little bit, if I look at for the year-over-year sequentially, if I look at total comp not just sort of the compensation for the advisors, but I look at total comps relative to compensable revenue sequentially in year-over-year. Total comps growing faster than revenue. And so you're getting negative leverage or negative incremental margins out of the total comp line and can you just kind of help us understand what's driving the total comp, is it just is absolutely the other comp, is that just recruiting that maybe at some point going to slow because I would think at some point, you need to get positive incremental margins off revenue, even if it's not just the FA Advisors?
Paul Reilly: Yes, the biggest driver of that, as I talked about earlier is the build-up of support. Those AML compliance and supervision all three of those functions we've made starting three years ago almost significant investments really accelerated that growth over the last couple of years and now it's decelerating. So that's the leverage we think we'll get out so maybe in some areas have to play a little catch-up, but we've really built it for the future. And I think that's where our non-comp leverage is going to come from. So that's an awful lot of it.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, and I think the other thing you have to do going back to our whole dialogue around compensable versus non-compensable revenues on a year-over-year basis, Private Client group is showing 4% growth in total revenues. But it's really 6% growth in compensable revenues and the compensable revenues is the production, the number of advisors and number of accounts, et cetera. And that's really what's going to drive both the payout and the support in infrastructure needs. So the 6% still is lower than the 8%. And the 8% being the administrative non-FA comp in the Private Client group business. And that is the reason is higher is for the reasons that Paul mentioned. But if you kind of look back three years to support the fact that we're sort of in the later stages of this infrastructure build-out, three years ago that line group 17% in fiscal 2018, the admin comp in PCG grew 17%, last year it grew 12%, year-over-year for the quarter it grew 8% and that's sort of what we're budgeting for the year. So it's come down substantially, as we've -- are in the later stages of this build-up in Private Client group business.
Jim Mitchell: And so that should continue to sort of further slow and not be so tied to revenue. Is that fair?
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, and then -- maybe just a follow-up and just talking more about the balance sheet potential balance sheet growth. Would that be sort of slow more impactful in 2021? If you decide to do that, or if you do decide to go ahead with it, how quickly could you put assets on the balance sheet?
Paul Reilly: You can grow the securities portfolio $2 billion, $3 billion pretty rapidly, Jim. So it's something that we decide to move forward with which is something that we're still having to discuss internally. I would expect the first couple billion if we do decide to move forward with it to occur pretty quickly. But again, we're still -- it's still -- we're still in discussions on that.
Operator: That completes our question-and-answer session. I’ll turn the call back to Paul Reilly.
Paul Reilly: Okay, well, great. Well, thank you for joining us. And again we normally like to do this on Investor and Analysts Day but again holding off last year, we said we wanted to wait and see what happened, how many rate cuts are, I could provide you the data because you can see right now because had there been one more cut or one less cut, it would have significantly impacted our comp ratios or earnings or mix. So wish we could have gotten to you a little bit sooner, but we got it to you as fast as we could. And thank you for joining us this morning. Right, Myra, thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-10-24 08:15:00) =====
Kristie Waugh : Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions.  In addition words such as believes, expects, could and would as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, which are available on our website. During today's call, we may also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. With that, I would like to turn it over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Kristie. Good morning, everyone. Today marks the 90th anniversary of Black Thursday beginning of the great depression. It's amazing if we look back and look at the development of the financial markets and the resiliency of the U.S. economy over that period of time. Today, you're also going to be witnessing another momentous event and as the longest serving CFO in the financial in the S&P 500 is going to have its last official quarterly earnings call. So after I talk about our results for the fourth quarter and the fiscal year, I'll turn it over to our legendary CFO to provide more details on the financials, before I discuss the outlook and open it up for questions.  First, I'm going to remind you with the backdrop going in to this fiscal year. We came off a record year in 2018 and almost all measures under very, very strong. We entered the year thinking interest rates would be on their way up that gave us stress tests that rates going up into the future and we thought the markets could be challenging. They were in the first quarter as rates rose and it was a very soft, tough quarter.  Interest rates went up, which drove a lot of momentum than interest rates came down and the market went down, but the market went up. We had tariffs on. We had tariffs off. We had increased competition both in the recruiting market, transition assistance, and through that we really delivered another record year.  Overall, I'm pleased with our results in the fiscal fourth quarter and the fiscal year. Business metrics were strong and I'm encouraged by the solid performance in a number of key areas during the quarter, which included record quarterly net revenue of $2.02 billion. We crossed the $2 billion mark for the first time, which increased 70% over prior year's fiscal quarter and increased 5% over the preceding quarter. Revenue growth, this quarter was driven largely by a higher Private Client Group assets and fee-based accounts, strong quarterly assessment banking revenues, and a solid performance for both our fixed income for capital markets business and tax credit fund business. We generated record quarterly earnings per diluted share of $1.86 or $2 on a non-GAAP adjusted basis for the $19 million goodwill impairment associated with our Canadian capital markets business.  Despite this impairment, which was due to challenging market environments in Canada, we remain fully committed to growing our capital markets business in Canada. Thanks to our strong financial advisor retention and recruiting results. We ended the fiscal year with records for client assets under administration of $838.3 billion, Private Client Group fee-based assets under administration of $409.1 billion, total Private Client Group financial advisors of 8,011 and net loans of Raymond James Bank, a $20.9 billion. All key fundamental drivers of our business. Annualized return on total equity for the quarter was 16.2% or 17.3% on a non-GAAP basis, adjusted for the aforementioned goodwill impairment. And while it isn't a metric that we’ve historically use, starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we'll begin reporting the return on tangible common equity ROTCE, whether we agree with the metric or not, even though we don't have preferred equity, but it seems that all other financial companies are now reporting that metric as well.  If you look at what we discussed at our Analyst and Investor Day in June, adjusted return on tangible equity on an annualized basis at that time was about 180 basis points higher than our adjusted return on equity, which should be in the range of what the impact would be this quarter as well.  During the fiscal year, we had record net revenue of $7.74 billion, increased 6% net income of $103 billion, increasing 21% and adjusted net income of $1.07 billion, increased 11% over fiscal 2018. Earnings per diluted share of $17.17 increased 25% and adjusted earnings per diluted share $7.40 increased 14% over fiscal 2018. Notably and really an accomplishment, all four of our core business generated net – record net revenues and three of the four generated record pretax income during the fiscal year. And if you adjust for the non-GAAP items during the year, the Capital Markets segments would have also generated an annual pretax income record, so really a strong performance all four of our core businesses. The return on equity for the year with 16.2% or 16.7% on an adjusted basis, which is near the top of our range between 16% and 17%, and a really fantastic result given the tough start to the fiscal year and our very strong capital position. Speaking to capital, we were active in deploying capital this year repurchasing 9.83 million shares for $752 million at an average price of $76.50 per share. This represents just over 6.5% of the shares outstanding at the beginning in the year and combined with dividends we returned approximately $945 million to shareholders during the fiscal year. Even with these actions, our capital ratios remain healthy with total capital ratio of 25.8% in Tier 1 leverage ratio of 15.7% at the end of the year, giving us ample flexibility of the future.  Now let me briefly describe the segment results. In the Private Client Group, we generated record net revenue of $1.38 billion for the quarter and $5.36 billion for the fiscal year. We had another fantastic year of retaining and recruiting advisors. On a net basis, we added nearly 200 advisors during the fiscal year, which includes those advisers recruited, no, the ones lost due to retirements or regrettable or non-regrettable basis. On a gross recruited basis, our Private Client Group domestic at its second best year just behind 2018 with advisors joining the fiscal year with nearly $300 million of trailing 12 production and $43.5 billion of assets under administration at the prior firms. This is an excellent result, especially given the slow start to the year and the increasing competitive environment.  While many firms increase their transition assistance and bet on cash balances at beginning of the year, we remain disciplined and still had an outstanding recruiting year. While higher short-term net interest rates and cash spreads were a tailwind during most of fiscal year, that benefit was partially offset by a decline in total clients domestic cash sweep balances during the fiscal year, as clients increased their allocations to other investments. As you know, the two rate cuts in our fourth quarter will likely be a significant headwind as they work through during fiscal 2020, which Jeff will explain more in detail. Capital Markets finished the fiscal year with strong fourth quarter given investment banking results in a strong quarter for fixed income capital markets and the tax credit business, which offset the continued weakness in equity brokerage revenue. The segment finished the year with record net revenues of $1.8 billion, up 12% from fiscal 2018. The segments pretax income of $110 million was up 21% over fiscal 2018, despite a $19 million goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter and a $15 million loss associated with the sale related to our research sales and trading of European equities in the first quarter.  As I’ve said, we remained committed to the Canadian Capital Markets business and continue making long-term investments to expand [indiscernible] banking and sales and trading capabilities in Canada. Last year, we operated in a very small portion of the Canadian life sciences space and chose not to participate in the underwriting of Cannabis firm. Whereas the underwriting Cannabis space was very strong in the most significant part of the market last year, the subsequent market performance has been weak as the associated market index is down close to 40% over the last six months. Once again, we kept a long-term view and our decision making process.  And the Asset Management segment, we generated record net revenues and pretax income for both fourth quarter and fiscal year. Financial assets under management end of the fiscal year at $143.1 billion, an increase of 2% over September, 2018 and flat compared to June, 2019. Overall, the growth in financial assets under management continues to be largely driven by equity market appreciation and positive inflows associated with the increase utilization of fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment, which has more than offset than that outflows experienced by Carillon Tower Advisers given the extremely challenging market environment for actively managed products.  And last but certainly not least Raymond James Bank generated record net revenues and pretax income for the fiscal year. Record net loans of $20.9 billion, grew 7% over last year's September. And the growth of loans continues to be focused heavily on residential mortgages and security based loans, so the Private Client Group as well as C&I other sections. While the banks net interest margin for the fiscal year years 3.32% improved 10 basis points of the fiscal 2018 lower short-term interest rates including the two-rate cuts during the quarter, cause net interest margin declined during the quarter.  Most importantly, the credit quality of the loan portfolio remains solid and remained extremely diligent with any new loans we add to our balance sheet. So overall I believe a very strong quarter and fiscal year.  Now I'll turn it over to Jeff to provide some more color on the financial results and then I will provide some more comments on the outlook. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. On the revenue side, most of the trends this quarter were fairly self explanatory or have been covered by Paul, so my comments on that side of the P&L will be somewhat limited. I will comment on asset management and related admin fees. However, there are up 5% sequentially, which happens to be directly in line with the consensus model, so not unusual there. The only reason I really bring it up is it happens to correlate directly with the increase in the prior quarter in fee-based assets of 5%. And it's nice just to see something work like it should sometimes. And that's our biggest revenue item by far.  So the 3% growth in fee-based assets in the most recent quarter should be an indicator of this line item for the December quarter here as you are aware of large percentage of these accounts are billed in advance and have already been billed. The investment banking line was a slight beat relative to the consensus model as both M&A and fixed income investment banking contributed to the quarter and you can see that in detail on Page 12 of the release, which is the investment banking P&L for the quarter.  Further on that same page, you'll see other revenues, which were well ahead of expectations in our current revenue format, that is where the tax credit fund revenues fall and they – as they did last year had a very, very strong September quarter. So you can see that also in a detail on Page 12. Turning to a couple of the expense items, let's talk about compensation for a second. We had a higher absolute number than consensus as you would expect because of the – some of the higher compensable revenues, notably investment banking and tax credit fund world. But the comp ratio for the quarter of 65.2% was actually better than expectations and well under our 66.5% target.  Looking forward in the very short–term like at least about a quarter, we're really not going to change that target in the near-term. You have to remember that as revenues from client cash sweep balances declined a higher proportion of our revenues are going to be compensable in nature, which is kind of put some pressure on the margin.  In addition, successful recruiting, which we've had two years in a row of near record levels, it's going to create a drag on the short-term through amortization of hiring dollars. At the end of the day, the 2020 budgeting process is still being tweaked a little bit. We're looking very hard at some of the controllable expense items, given the potential headwinds here, but we anticipate being in a position to give a little better guidance on some of these items next quarter. On the non-comp expenses, although there was a large sequential increase of 13%, that includes the $19 million goodwill impairment charge, which hitting the other expense line item. There was a small spike in occupancy and equipment. So it’s a number of factors in there. There’s some recurring rental increases. We’re actually incurring some double rent on our significant office space in Memphis, which we are relocating from downtown Memphis out to East Memphis. And on a portion of that new space, we’re paying rent as we’re still in the old space as well. So there’s a double rent. That will haunt us for the next couple quarters as well. There are some additional equipment amortization that kicked in. That will not go away. But one of the lumpy items that won’t necessarily recur has to do with what we call PC refresh. We do -- we have a policy here of refreshing, widely changing out to the newest, latest and greatest models, our laptops and desktops on a three-year rotational basis. And we try to spread that somewhat ratably over the course of the year – over the course of three years really. So it doesn’t have lumpiness to it. But in this particular quarter, it did. And those are just expense given the relatively low cost of individual PCs. I do want to talk about the bank loan loss provision as well. Even though, it came in near consensus, it was certainly a turnaround from last quarter’s credit. And actually, it may appear high relative to the $200 million of net loan growth, as you can see, shown on Page 17 of the release. But that was really caused by some downgrades during the quarter. We did get the semiannual SNC exam results at the end of September. That led to three downgrades of some credits we had fairly sizable hold positions in, and that also was -- what primarily caused the $88 million jump in criticized loans, that you can also see on the same page. No pattern to it or anything else, different industry, different types of credits. And I don’t really think indicative of any upcoming credit issues. It’s just our policy to accept the lower ratings by the SNC. And if we have something low rated, say substandard or special mention and they come in with a pass, we leave it at our ratings. So the SNC exam can only mean bad news to us in terms of the charge, so we stuck with that policy and which caused a couple of million dollars of additional credit charges this quarter. Some other items I’d like to talk about. You may have noticed we don’t have a non-controlling interest line anymore. We have collapsed that into other expenses to simplify the disclosure and presentation for what’s become a really immaterial line item for us. If and when there is reason to that it becomes material again in the future, that line item may reappear, but for the foreseeable future. That will just be a collapse into the other expenses. Now let me talk about net interest for a moment. At the firm level, net interest held up pretty well following the fed rate cut in July. First, I’ll talk about RJ Bank’s NIM, that actually fell 7 basis points sequentially from 3.37% to 3.30% and Page 18 gives you all the detail you could want on how that happened, but the bottom line is it was a primarily a result of the rate cut in July where, which caused some spread compression. And you can see RJ Bank’s earning assets fell 19 basis points in yield while the cost of funds fell only 13 basis points. So that’s an indicative of the spread compression that we saw there. However, the loan growth for the quarter did allow them to have an increase in net interest earnings quarter-over-quarter. So going forward, first of all, I guess I should point out that the July rate cut by the fed, about two-thirds of that was reflected in this quarter. And of that, with respect to client sweep balances, we had a deposit beta of about 55%. We passed through 13 of the 25. The September rate cut, very little of it was actually reflected in the September quarter, of course. And we passed through 60%, 15 basis points to clients. The other change that we made before that first fed rate cut, where we switched in May from aggregate asset balances to aggregate cash balances, also was a 7 basis point weighted average impact to clients. So when you add all those things together, over the last six months, there has been basically a 70% beta on these first two rate cuts. If there are additional rate cuts next week and possibly in December as the forward curve would suggest, it’s certainly likely -- highly likely the deposit beta will be significantly lower than it was on these first couple of cuts, which will have a more dramatic impact on our results going forward. One wildcard I should have pointed out on the bank’s net interest margin, the reason it’s not as easy to correlate to fed movements is that a lot -- most of their earning assets, their loan portfolio is based on LIBOR, which doesn’t always move in lockstep with fed funds. Generally, it’s been a leading indicator. So it’s been going down ahead of the fed rate cuts. And when the fed indicates that it’s finished or skips a cut or whatever, then maybe we’ll see LIBOR rebound and we may actually see NIM react much differently than you would think with no fed movement. So it’s a little bit difficult to pinpoint the NIM, but for guidance purposes, I guess that we’ve done some work. And the bank also has some fixed rate assets in its portfolio that are impacted by rate cuts that aren’t necessarily pre-payable. So when you – the work we’ve done with, say, for each of the next couple of rate cuts, it looks like the NIM at the bank could be impacted negatively by somewhere between 8 and 10 basis points. It’s about as close as we can get given the LIBOR dynamic and some of the other things I’ve mentioned. With respect to client cash sweep balances, they’ve somewhat stabilized here at the $37 billion to $38 billion range. The simple math here would say that every basis point of spread change will impact us by about $3.8 million annually or just under $1 million per quarter. Most of that is reflected in accounting service fee revenues as opposed to interest earnings as we’ve talked about in the past. That’s about as close that we can get. What we do with the next couple of rate cuts from a holding company basis, obviously will depend on the competitive landscape. We have tried to stay at or near the top of each client strata with our peer groups. And I say groups because there’s regional firms, national firms, custodial firms, et cetera. There are number of different competitive groups that we look at. So it’s going to be largely dependent on what the competitive landscape is. On Page 7 of the release, I think it’s – we really do need to look at the annual results, which is obviously a compendium of all the quarterly explanations we’ve given you over the year. But for the year, 6% increase in a net revenues, comp ratio of 65.7%, which we are happy to see below our target. Non-comp expense growth of 9%, but remember, that includes the non-GAAP adjusted items on our schedules in the press release to – and it also includes some what we’ll call accounting gross-ups and the expense side, because the revenue recognition adoption in early in the year, that were previously netted out of some of the revenues, obviously impacted both sides to some extent. I would refer you to Page 5, to look at the annual non-GAAP results, if you really wanted to see what we’ll call a good apples-to-apples type comparison of operating results, where you can see pre-tax up 7% for the year on a non-GAAP basis. And a non-GAAP net income up 11%. The reason that’s higher than the pre-tax, we had a full year of the lower tax rate this year. Last year, we had a – the last quarter a phase in of the tax rate cut. So that’s probably more indicative of our tax rate going forward. And then diluted EPS, you can see up even a higher percentage at 14, obviously reflecting the share buybacks that we had during the year. So that’s a wonderful page to look at, and then all in all, a great quarter to, and a great year. So I’ll turn it back to Paul.
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Jeff. And thanks for being such a valuable partner for so many years. Tom and I and Jeff isn’t really going anywhere, he gets as the CFO role, but we’ll have his services at least for another year and as he helps us through the transition. So as Jeff has explained, we are in the middle of our budgeting process and looking at expenses, and I do want to just point out the magnitude. Jeff talked about our non-comp expenses up 9%. But if you look at the two non-GAAP items that we talked about and the impact of the accounting change that grossed up expenses. That accounted for $65 million of the $110 million increase, so over half of the increase was really accounting related. So I think that people kind of maybe have missed that in the market. They talk about our expense growth, if you do the math. I think it’s significantly less than actual dollar spent. And going forward, we still are focused as a growth company and we still with recruiting. We historically have done very well in down markets of recruiting if that comes, we continue to recruit for long-term growth and there’s just more expense associated with that. But we’re certainly looking at the non-controllable expenses. We do have some visibility entering this next quarter, even though, with interest rates proposed cuts, certainly will – it makes it difficult right now to figure out, where we’re going to be for the year. But the private client group assets and fee based accounts as Jeff talked about, increased 3% for the quarter and that should reflect in the asset management related administrative fees for the first quarter of 2020 as those assets are primarily pulled in advance. Speaking of those billings, while client cash balances shown signs of stabilization over the past three months, our balance just decline in October, and that’s really given to we bill, only bill, they come out to client’s accounts in cash generally. So that was that impact. So what we see is even more impactful is 25 point that a rate basis cut at the end of our fiscal fourth quarter, as Jeff talked about isn’t really fully reflected yet, because it was at the end of the quarter and that will impact 2020. On a positive note, our financial advisor recruiting activity remains very active across our affiliation options, not a numeric metric, but I can’t remember seeing so many $5 million to $10 million teams in the pipeline. And again, I think it shows the strengthening of our platform and even with our discipline transition assistance approach. Our M&A pipeline is robust. I know the market forecast has been down, but we have several large key deals that we hope will close and I think bode well for M&A at least how we can see it today, you never know in that market. And the outlook for fixed income business is still very positive. We expect continued rate volatility in 2020. Raymond James Banks enters the quarter with fiscal year with record loan balances and solid credit metrics. And while I think about the only negative financial implications of lower interest rates, many of you do, there are some positives. I do think that the spread difference between cash sweeps and money markets has caused a lot of money to go out of cash and the money market instruments appropriately. And as that spread comes in and goes to more historical levels, the premium for FDIC sweep balances should close enough, but I think total 12 for cash balances. Although, we may give it up at rate or return to more normal states long-term, and more rational pricing, I think this is going to be a long-term positive for the market. And hopefully also more rational pricing in the market on transitional systems and other packages, but there always seems to be some – but somewhat in the market being extremely aggressive. A lot of you have asked about e-broker cutting their commission to zero. As you all know, we do not have a direct channel, so there’s no impact there. And on the advisory side of our business, we think this move actually really reflects the RIA custody segment catching up with the full service segment. That’s the vast majority of our fee based accounts today do not have transaction fees. As for our growing and importantly significant but smaller RIA custody business, we did announce that we will follow the e-brokers, but that impacts us pretty small to the overall firm around $6 million to $7 million of annual transaction fees to the firms. With that being said, all these actions always remind us there will be price pressure in our business just as there is in all industries, which means we’ll have to continue to make investments in resources to help our advisors at value and strength to their client relationships and investments to make us more efficient on the cost side, which is exactly what we’ve been focused on. Before I open for question, I want to thank the associates and advisors for contributing to another great year. We’re kind of overhead here. They really generate the revenue and the great client relationships we have. We’re a people business and our success simply would not be possible without our client focused advisors and associates that support them every day. With that Calandra, I’m going to turn it over to you and open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question, sir, comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning, everyone. 
Paul Reilly: Hey Devin.
Devin Ryan: Maybe start where you left off, Paul, just on the kind of competitive dynamic and some the pricing changes we’ve recently seen here. I guess first, maybe I just missed it at the end of year, but did you actually quantify the impact of the pricing change that you're making on the RIA side? I guess that's number one. Number two, what other areas are you seeing within kind of the financial advice part of the business, if you will, that that potentially could come under pressure. Are you seeing any areas of pressure? We've recently seen UBS cut fees on SMAs. I'm curious if there's any other areas as we're kind of constantly in this kind of competitive environment where your pricing seems to come under pressure, I'm not sure if there's anything else you would point to.
Paul Reilly: Yes, it is obviously not clear enough, but it was $7 million to $8 million the RIA revenue impact to the firm on those transaction for equities and ETFs. So $7 million to $8 million firm wide is the impact. Yes, we always see competitive pressure. Devin, whether it's been moving to ETFs, the industry moving mutual funds to ETFs whether it's pressure on advisory fees. UBS’ announcement wasn't clear, a few years ago they unbundled between what the advisor charged in the firm. I don't know if it's a re-bundling, so we're going to have to see more, but there is always people that are pushing that dynamic and we've been going through that for years, it's not new.  I can say the advisor fees have held very, very steady. And it's pushed us to be more efficient. And I think that's the advantage of scale as we've gotten larger that we can deal with some of that, but certainly if that continues long-term and Reg BI will be out in June and we'll see the impacts of that. But I think over the longer-term, if that dynamic continues, people have to remember there is three people that are impacted by changes the client, the advisor and us. And it has to be fair with the client. They're the advisor and then we have to be in business to operate and I think you always have to look at that dynamic.  So right now we feel pretty good. Industry dynamics change, we're going to have to change with them. So I don't think that's a new dynamic. It's just a interesting during these periods of time. It will also be interesting as firms who have been dependent on a transaction fees, but especially we're most of the rent earnings or more than all their earnings are interest, but dependent that reaction. So we've certainly benefited from them, but I think we're a little more diversified in that. So we watch, we think through them, but I don't see any short-term call to action, but we're watching closely. 
Devin Ryan: Okay, great color. Thanks, Paul. And just to follow-up on kind of the recruiting strength in the quarter, obviously good to see and heard the commentary around I guess the backlogs. I mean with this pent up demand that just kind of came through in the quarter or was there something else that changed where maybe there's a reacceleration of trying to dig into that a little bit more. And then also you guys have been opening a lot of new offices with some of this expansion and that's led to at least some of the expense growth. And so I'm also just curious at what point you maybe see that slowing and ultimately I think that would be good for operating margin potential, just trying to think about that piece as well. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. So I think in the shorter-term you've got two dynamics, as we grow in open offices that is cost. And leases renew, especially in the big markets right now, may be cyclically at a peak, maybe they continue, but with those renew, that adds cost pressure to it. As we grow in major markets and need more space, that certainly has moved against us, but that comes and goes in the cycle. So I don't see any relief in that part of the cycle. Again, we believe that the franchise value of recruiting great advisors is key to what we do. So that part I don't see kind of a lot of relief to. We just have to be more efficient at the back office side and that's what we're managing. And a lot of our expense growth, again, if you look at half the expense growth over half was accounting related, I'll call it, between our investments in technology beefing up our compliance supervision and service. I mean I think the expense growth is pretty reasonable given the growth we've had. So we'll continue to monitor that.
Devin Ryan: Got it. In terms of just the recruiting kind of the pretty material acceleration, any other color you could provide there if something else that's happening?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think that, last year you saw that the recruiting was kind of flattish from the first quarter, which I think if you go back historically, a lot of people stayed for their bonuses and things through the year-end. And we just got used for a couple of years. We just people came anyway, right. So I think that that after you're in and go through bonuses, you generally, it's a more logical time for people to move and the pipeline has been strong. And I'll tell you a lot of people we thought would even join in the fourth quarter just for transitions, timing for their businesses, which is what they should do what's best for their business, moved into the next quarter. So we've – I can't tell you. What we said in the beginning was that we thought that it would accelerate and we'd have near record, which I think we delivered.  And I would say the backlog isn't any different whatsoever. It's very, very strong. So I can't cited to anything, I get to push, pull business people don't leave for fun. They are leaving something to join something. And we just have to be that great platform that people want to come to. And if they're unsatisfied where they are, we know we've been the recipient of that. 
Devin Ryan: Got it. Great, thank you very much. 
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz of Citi.
Brian Wu: Hi, good morning. This is Brian Wu on for Bill Katz. Thank you for taking the question. Can you give a sense of the client cash mix between purchase money market funds versus holding cash since you guys discontinued the money market sweep option? And how has that trended particularly in this declining rate backdrop? 
Paul Reilly: So we haven't reported on with some money market is certainly a lot of the cash movement, but we reported sweeps is cash, cash, pure cash in our system. But a lot of the movement out has been in the money markets and positional money market. 
Brian Wu: Got it. And then it looks like client cash after declining quarter as ticked up in September. You mentioned it stabilize and any update you can provide on client cash trends in October?
Jeff Julien: Only as Paul reported that, we have the fee billings come out at the beginning of each quarter, which causes a hiccup in the down direction and then it generally rebuilds over the course of the quarter to be in a position to accommodate those at fee billing in the next quarter. So that was the same dynamic that we reported last quarter that we saw in July that we obviously we saw it again for the billings in October. And so it's down now versus where it was at the end of the year, because of those billings, which are a little over $800 million now for us as a firm.  So it's down now because of that. And we – it'll generally, if it follows history, it'll build back up over the course of the quarter through recruiting and through repositioning in those accounts to be in a position to accommodate the billing next quarter. 
Paul Reilly: Our feeling is that, that we're into a stabilized kind of platform and those money market rates, which tend to come down a little slower, because they buy a securities, it takes away while for them to mature and then invest in the new rates, which are lower rates, as those rates continue to come down, we think that pressure is going to leave as that spread narrows.
Brian Wu: Got it. Thank you for taking my question. 
Paul Reilly: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
Paul Reilly: Craig.
Jeff Julien: Hi Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: And Jeff, just wanted to congratulate you again for the 30 plus years and wish you the best for the next step. 
Jeff Julien: Thank you, sir. 
Craig Siegenthaler: So I had a follow-up to the first set of questions on recruiting. Have you seen any changes in the composition of the incoming advisers in terms of where they're coming from and their sizes of book of business? And I'm especially looking on a near-term basis where we saw this reacceleration.
Paul Reilly: Yes. Again, I think the reacceleration has been steady through the pipeline is just when they hit. But the – I would say that the average advisor continues to be higher. We're seeing much larger teams through the pipeline. So it doesn't mean they'll all join us, but the pipeline is very, very strong in the size, very, very big. We just announced the big team that joined us the last quarter. It's almost $6 million.  And so we are – we have a number of those teams in the pipeline in $5 million to $10 million range. So hopefully there we'll be able to recruit them and still there's very, very good advisors that are in $0.5 million and they're very profitable and very good with their clients. But so we are looking to recruit across the platform, but we are getting much bigger teams, I think in general right now anyway.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Paul. And just as my fault here with the RJF stock now well above the average levels of where you've purchased over the last year. I just wanted to see if we get an update on your appetite for buybacks, but also M&A in the future. And can you remind us roughly how much excess capital you currently hold?
Paul Reilly: Well, the excess capital is always a subjective question, but I do think first that, we were going to hold true to our – we've committed to purchase dilution on a regular basis and opportunistically buy in the market. I don't think that's changed. You would see we kind of raised our threshold given the tax act and our excess liquidity. So we were probably more aggressive than we've done historically.  So I – but I think the guidance we've given and still we will buy dilution and then be aggressive when we think there's an opportunity. And on the M&A front, I can tell you. All I can tell you is, we've been very active. It's a very interesting cycle right now. There's a lot more firms talking about maybe doing something, but they seem to be looking at this last year's environment as if it's going to continue for the next 10 years. And so if you discount interest rates, if you discount, what you think market may be involve ability and all that. The pricing has led to a number of places where those things didn't transact to anybody, not just us. And so we're going to stay very active, very connected and be very discipline. So we are very active in the M&A side. But again, we're not going to do something just to be bigger. It has to make us better, so it has to be strategic. It has to fit our culture. And then we have to be able to have a good return for shareholders.  So with all of that, I'd say it's been a frustrating years. We've had some very good opportunities that didn't transact anywhere, because the pricing to us. I think the market agreed at least so far that the pricing just wasn't realistic. So but we'll stay active and I think that's the advantage. If there is a downturn and certainly downward interest rates will put pressure, it's been a great tailwind for the whole industry. That's tightening. So it may give us more opportunities, but we're still on it. But I can't tell you again with this type of market when we can do something, but we're very active.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak of Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: Hey, good morning. 
Paul Reilly: Hey Steve.
Steven Chubak: So Jeff, congrats. Enjoy the well-deserved R&R. Paul, I wanted to start off with a question on the industry pricing changes. Appreciate a lot of the commentary you gave and addressing some of the pricing developments on the SMA side at UBS. I was hoping you can quantify your direct exposure that third-party and internal SMAs and how you think this change may impact the fees on this particular product?
Paul Reilly: Again, we have significant assets in our advisory accounts. So it's a both internal management and third-party sub advisors. So again, I think UBS’ announcement isn’t very clear, whether they're just re-bundling, whether advisers are sharing on that or what's going on. So it's hard for me to comment on that.  If you look overtime, there's always been pressure on those advisory accounts and the fees that we in third-party managers charge. And it's been very competitive. So it would impact us if we lowered these. But we've continually since I've been here, I don't know how many times we've lowered fees in those accounts to be more competitive. And the good news of our scale has grown significantly. So it's been a pressure, but with size has been still a growth area for us. So again, UBS announcement for us, I have no idea. Again, the impact is how is that change going to be passed to the advisor and client, and that wasn't announced at all. And if it's a re-bundling, it could have no impact. If it's charged the advisor, it has different impact. If they're going to eat it all and the advisor, client and shared as a more significant impact. But I have no idea what that is right now. So I wish I could be more clear, I just don't know. But we are looking at it. And it's just a couple day old announcement.
Steven Chubak: Recognizing we're still waiting additional color on that context is certainly quite helpful. I had a question on some of the developments ahead of the upcoming election. There's been lots of focus on election rich for financials and given some of Warren's momentum. What her agenda can mean for the group recognizing that the legislative hurdles for the DOL could potentially be much lower. I was hoping you could just give some perspective on whether you think it's reasonable for to be repurposed, especially given the implementation of Reg BI and how you're thinking about that potential threat or have you made sufficient changes already to your business model, you're already pretty well prepared.
Paul Reilly: So I'd say there is multiple answers. So first, the DOL will come back. I mean there is a – we've been told that the Department of Labor is looking for an October type of announcement. If you remember, Reg BI specifically talked about the DOL and our belief is that the – I have no idea, but our belief is the SEC and the DOL had long talks to make sure that what the SEC proposing with it and for the DOL proposal. And some of BI already signals some of the stuff that you'd have to do with DOL type of account. So I don't think, and again we may see something in October for proposal and formal regulation in December. I don't think the DOL portion will be big. I think that Reg BI in a lot of ways is harder than the DOL, because the DOLs – here's what you have to do, here's what you can't do. And it was kind of easy to programs for it. Now I think it was bad for advisors and flexibility. Best interest standard says, hey, make sure you're putting clients first, you disclose everything. And so as you do that, you got a little harder from a judgment standpoint, but I actually think the standards more align. It just gives flexibility to say, yes, you can do this, just make sure it's in the best interest of your client. And so, certainly, I think all firms will be better positioned if a DOL type of administration came back, we'd all be closer. Because a lot of those elements would have been already kind of programmed in, especially on disclosure, which is hard to argue against best interest, hard to argue with and documenting why you made decisions hard to argue with. The DOL, we're just going tolot of more stop, where it would have been hard to do, much harder to do commission accounts and other things. So I think the industry would be better off. I think the challenge right now, it's been a little quiet lately as proposed state rules that we take to have a series of state legislations that differed, which is certainly add complexity to the business. Many think in our industry that it's surpassing the states authority to do those kinds of rules. So my guess is that would go to court too. So the industry certainly who is ever President whether they like financial services companies [indiscernible] could have an impact on regulation. Many of the people in the regulatory seats terms do go for a few years after the next elections. So there'll be pressure, but it'll be harder to do it by appointment. It'll have to go through regulation and my guess is we'll have a divided Congress no matter what. So who knows, right? But we'll react to it. I can't predict. I certainly think certain candidates, if they're look like they have an opportunity to be the next president would be a lot more disruptive than other ones. But I can't do anything about that. I only have one vote.
Steven Chubak: Fair enough. Although it is a vote in Florida. I could make sure, it gets counted. Just one more for me, Jeff, just to clean up question on the NII geography. Certainly good momentum this quarter. Looks like the beat was in the corporate other catchall segment. I was hoping you can discuss what contributed to some of the strength there. Just trying to gauge the sustainability of that NII momentum.
Jeff Julien: Yes. That kind of jumped off the page with us too. And I'm going to let our Treasurer, who we've asked to look into that, address that since you're going need to get used to hearing his voice in the future anyway. I'll let Paul Shoukry talk to that one.
Paul Shoukry: I think Steve is already sick in my voice. Some of the geography, Steve, is really attributable to rounding when you're dealing with such small numbers from quarter-to-quarter. So the other segment is showed that it was up $9 million sequentially through interest income. More than half of that was attributable to rounding, believe it or not, just when you're dealing with such small numbers. But the remaining portion was due to higher cash balances sequentially. They were up, the parent company around $300 million on average quarter-to-quarter. And we really didn't see the negative impact of the interest rates just given the timing of the cuts. So that will be reflected on those balances next quarter.
Steven Chubak: Very helpful, Paul, and Paul, thanks very much for taking my questions.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. So we've seen pay rates on deposits come down quite a bit across the industry in it, your firm as well and you've already highlighted that. Is there a point though, where you might decide, hey, you know what, we need to be a little bit more generous with these pay rates if we want to grow cash balances a little bit more. Or is that not really under consideration at this point?
Paul Reilly: I think we look this way that we think that, obviously, we like funding by cash balances. And again to the extent, that spreads come in, the negative is spreads came in. The positive is that the delta between cash sweep, FBIC insured and the premium that you may give up in the money market will narrow. And we think that will naturally caused people to stay in the FBIC assured. So we think that may grow. But being led as a firm, the number one thing, you always look at liquidity. We will look into raising higher rates, if we needed liquidity, third party funding in the bank. We're testing – we tested our CD program and it worked just fine and we're going to test other measures just to make sure the liquidity is there. But that's all at a much higher rate. So that would compress NIM, if we needed it. Right now, we don't. But you don't – everyone assume you don't. So one of the things we'd like as having been more conservative in how we funded the bank, that the cash drop has not impacted our operations. Again at point, it would. And just need to make sure that we have that access to third party funds, but it would be at a higher cost. So we are looking at it, I would call it more as a contingency. You may see us raise some money, just to test that. But right now, it isn't a big driver of our cash program in our minds, certainly, not in the short-term.
Chris Harris: Okay, got it. I did want to ask you one question on your margins. And if the last Investor Day, I think you guys talk big picture. Hey, probably be an environment, where margins are generally flattish, revenues growing in line with expenses or expenses – excuse me, growing in line with revenues. If we – if the fed cuts again in the December quarter and we have kind of like a formal equity market for your fiscal year 2020. Do you think that outlook is still achievable?
Paul Reilly: I think as we look, Chris, honestly, the more interest rate cuts, certainly that's top line and frankly for the bottom line. We don't pay anything on that, right? So that's going to compress margins and even if revenue grows, it will be compensable revenue. We're paying 65% or 66%, whatever the number is this quarter, next quarter on that. So that the comp ratio will go up, as you go from non-compensable to compensable and margins will come down, because you can't make up a non-comp expenses, you can't make up that difference. The only way you do that is by changing your grid. And that's a major effort, which we have to do, we'll do, if that's the right thing of balance for the business. But it's not a short term fix. So interest rate cuts is going to impact anyone, who's interest rate sensitive.
Chris Harris: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey. Hi, guys. Good morning. Just one question around expenses, I think Paul, to your point around non-comp growth this year being really impacted by couple of accounting changes and charges. If you backed us out, I guess, you guys would have been in the closer to mid single digit growth in non-comp expenses for fiscal 2019. And understand that you guys are still early in the kind of budgeting process, but assuming it's similar level of – kind of investment continues. Is that a more reasonable way to think about non-comp expense growth in June 2020? Thanks.
Paul Reilly: I would say, yes, it is something we're going to manage. And I do think, we're not an e-broker. I mean, we will have recruiting expenses. We will have – you add raises, which you looked at the marketplaces, those 3% this year to our – you multiply that across our system. You have technology investment, which certainly isn't going down, you've got some embedded growth. I mean, even when you manage all those other expenses, if you're recruiting now, the good way is to make us all look good is to stop recruiting. And a lot of those expenses will go away. But I don't want to hand over the business some day to a successor who has a business that's not viable and growing. So we're going to continue to grow and that will drive expenses. It's probably last two years. It's probably been 50 basis points. It shouldn't just in a comp ratio just from amortization. So, and the more we recruit, that number will grow over time. And so – and we plan to continue to recruit. We had a number in 2009, we had our record recruiting year until last year. And this year we beat it. But in downturns, we recruit now, it may not look good on the numbers on the downturn, but it certainly looked good, when I came out of it and drove really a decade of I think great performance. So, yes, it's not going to go away. We're going to manage it as well as we can, but it's not going away.
Jeff Julien: And there to point out, there are a couple of expenses that are really somewhat out of our control, such as now legal reserves can depends what happens with that and regulatory issues and bank loan loss provision being another one. It’s subject to whatever happens in those particular areas. Those are very difficult to budget, although, they've been within a range, they're very difficult to pinpoint anytime over a year or such. Those can go either direction from this year to next.
Paul Reilly: And I'll just say that the CEO there in our control, but there are long-term cyclical impacts. So we make good loans and get good people. We allow a lot less of those. But I think we're in good shape.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe we could just talk a little bit about fee-based asset flows, if I – not that you disclose them but we can take the stab back in our market impact. If I look at flows this year or 2019, they seem to be down probably about, still solid but down very strong a year ago. Maybe cut the half in terms of the annualized growth. How much – I'm just trying to unpack that, how much of that has been the slow down and recruiting at the beginning of the year versus a tough equity market versus a slowdown and sort of migration from brokerage to fee based. I mean, I know there's a lot of moving parts there, but maybe you can help us think about the taste of flows. How that trajectory has been and where it could go with accelerating recruiting.
Jeff Julien: Yes. I'll just make a couple of comments on that, Jim. First of all, I think that last year was an abnormal year before they killed the DOL rule. There was a, as you know, as huge movement over to fee-based. And for us that happened for the first nine months of last year in a pretty big way. That has definitely slowed down to some extent. But having said that, we're still recruiting advisors that use our fee-based platforms to a large extent. And we still do see migration from our existing advisors to fee-based just at a slower rate. So that's why you see the growth of fee-based assets outstripping the growth of the market. S&P up one and fee-based assets up three, this most recent quarter, because we continue to see both those dynamics still at play.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. So but you would think last year was a lot of it or a good chunk of it was driven by just sort of that migration.
Jeff Julien: Now, last year and the year before, probably we're both heavily DOL driven.
Jim Mitchell: And we think about the new recruits, it looks like it was more in the employee channel versus the independent contractor channel. Where I guess geographically is that coming from and does that help the margin a little bit, because it's in the employee channel instead of the more fixed margin independent contractor.
Paul Reilly: So the employee channel had a very good last few quarters, where the independent, who's been really leading recruiting the last couple of years, had a little bit of slowdown, but not much. So I would call it, it's – I think it's episodic. Both channels are recruiting very, very well. And so I think economically we've had a big bull run, so independence look really good. And if you get a little tougher market environment, the employee channel looks a lot safer. So some advisors just like, they want to work with clients and they don't want to worry about turning on the lights and paying bills and others want to have, feel like they own their business every day. So, although, we tell all the advisors they do. So I don't think, I wouldn't call it one versus the other. I think they're both robust and their pipelines. And I couldn't explain why the independent has been a little higher and the employees pick up. I do think some of that's big teens, geographically it's all over doing better in the Northeast, pushing harder in the West. We're gaining ground, but we've got a lot of markets in the west. So we think we still have a big opportunity in California as long as we have electricity though around the offices. So we are – and then people ask, have large market share in Michigan yet as a strong recruiting market, even though we have great presence. So it feels good all over. But I think we're starting, if you've seen growth, which has impacted expenses. So I'm just seeing a lot more growth from the big cities, where there's still a lot of opportunities. So, I wish I could give you more of a definitive answer that's the color, but I'd say it's too short to say that people switched to an employee of a cycle.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. I guess generator cost in California will have to go up for the Raymond James.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Jim Mitchell: All right. Thanks for the color. And Jeff, good luck the retirement, hope your golf game improves.
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Jim.
Paul Reilly: Jeff, little quite the off the hook for another year, he's saying we still have a little more time that maybe a little more freedom, but we'll have his services both at the bank and as an advisor and helping Paul through that transition. So want to thank you all for the call. I do think that a lot of people, the recruiting numbers are big numbers, but you look at $300 million in assets and I made production the trailing 12, those $40 plus billion in assets. It's like a Morgan Keegan. I'm in, sorry, Alex Brown acquisition just on organic recruiting. So we believe that's a great way of growth. We get to pick advisor by advisor and I still think it's the biggest testament to the underlying platform is that, and the fact that they're generally joining us for less checks and sometimes significantly less checks and then get at other places. So we'll continue to push. I think the fundamentals are great from advisor and platform standpoint, but the fundamentals are very difficult from an interest rate standpoint and the markets will be the markets, especially coming to an election here. So appreciate you joining the call and we'll talk to you soon.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-07-25 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Third Quarter of 2019. My name is Jessa and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website. Now, I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Jessa. Good morning and thank you all for joining us on the call. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. With us on the call today are Paul Reilly, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien Chief Financial Officer. Following the prepared remarks, the operator will open the line for questions. Please note certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments and general economic conditions. In addition to words such as believes, expect, could and would, as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q, which are available on our website. During today's call, we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: All right. Thanks Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. As usual, I'm going to give a brief summary of our results for the third quarter 2019 and then I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will give more detail. And then I'll come back to discuss our outlook and open up for questions. Overall, I am pleased with our results for the third quarter, despite some elevated expenses and decline in Investment Banking revenues that were both largely timing-related, business metrics were strong and I'm encouraged by the solid performance in a number of key areas during the quarter. Quarterly net revenues of $1.93 billion increased 5% over the prior year's fiscal third quarter and increased 4% over the preceding quarter. We generated quarterly earnings per diluted share of $1.80, lifted by higher Private Client Group fee-based assets and higher net interest income, primarily at Raymond James Bank compared to a year ago period. We ended the period with record results for client assets under administration of $824.2 billion, financial assets under management of $143.1 billion and total Private Client Group financial advisers of 7,904, as well as record net loans for RJ Bank of $20.7 billion. Annualized return on total equity for the quarter was 16.1%. And while it isn't a metric that we use, the world does seem to be moving towards measuring and reporting on return on tangible common equity. And if you looked at our discussion in our last Analyst and Investor Day in June, our adjusted return on tangible equity on annualized basis for the preceding quarter would have been approximately 180 basis points higher than the adjusted return on equity. Given a fairly consistent metric, we think that same result would be similar this quarter. Through the first nine months of the fiscal year, we generated record net revenue of $5.72 billion, which was up 6% net income of $769 million, which was up 29% and adjusted net income of $784 million, which was up 10% over the first nine months. And notably all four of our core segments generated record net revenue during the first nine months compared to last fiscal year. Now turning to the segment results. In the Private Client Group, we generated net revenue of $1.35 billion and pre-tax income of $140 million during the quarter. Revenue growth of 6%, over both the prior year's third quarter and the preceding quarter, was largely driven by higher assets under management and related admin fees, as we continue to experience very strong growth of the Private Client Group assets and fee-based accounts. These fee-based account assets ended the quarter at a record $398 billion, representing 51% of total client assets in the segment and reflecting growth of 16% over June of 2018 and 5% growth over March of 2019. This growth has been driven by strong net additions of financial advisers, equity market appreciation and increased utilization of fee-based accounts, which we believe is a long-term trend that our industry will continue to see. Most importantly, financial adviser retention and recruiting remain solid, resulting in us achieving a record number of financial advisers of 7,904 at the end of the period, healthy net increases of 185 over June 2018 and 42 over March of 2019. Even in the increasingly competitive recruiting environment, our client-facing culture, multiple affiliation options and robust service solutions continue to resonate with existing and prospective advisers. Now let me touch on some headwinds for the segment. First, our client domestic cash sweep balances of $38.2 billion declined 9% from the prior quarter, largely due to quarterly fee payments, tax-related seasonality and increased allocation to other investments. We believe the decline in cash balances was slightly elevated this quarter as the conversion of the money market sweep option in June caused advisers and clients to increase their allocation to other investments such as positional money market funds. Cash sweep balances have decreased in July with quarterly fee payments that are made during the first month of each quarter. The segment also experienced elevated business development expenses this quarter due to the timing of conferences, recognition events for advisers and increased advertising expenses reflected in the Other segment. This resulted in similar sequential increase in business development expenses that we experienced in the year ago period which Jeff will touch on. The Capital Markets segment generated net revenues of $251 million and pretax income of $24 million for the quarter. While Fixed Income had another relatively strong quarter the segment's results were negatively impacted by large sequential decline in M&A revenues. As you recall, the M&A -- M&A had a record first half of the year and even after this quarter has a record all-time, we believe that the M&A pipeline remains very strong and the timing of closings is inherently lumpy, but we're optimistic about this business. The Asset Management segment generated record revenues of $177 million and record pretax income of $65 million during the quarter. Financial assets under management ended the quarter at a record $143.1 billion, an increase of 6% over June of 2018 and 3% over March of 2019. Overall, the growth of financial assets under management continues to be largely driven by equity market appreciation and positive inflows associated with the increased utilization of fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment, which has more than offset the net outflows experienced by Carillon Tower Advisors, given the extremely challenging market for actively managed products. In the bank, Raymond James Bank generated record quarterly net revenues of 215 million and record quarterly pretax income of $138 million during the fiscal third quarter. Record net loans of $20.7 billion grew 9% year-over-year and 3% sequentially. The growth in loans during the quarter was driven by the C&I portfolio, residential mortgage loans and securities-based loans to our Private Client Group. RJ Bank's net interest margin modestly expanded to 337 basis points in the fiscal third quarter, up seven basis points over a year ago third quarter and two basis points over the preceding quarter. Jeff will get into more detail on what affected the NIM. Importantly, the credit quality of the bank's loan portfolio remains strong, including the payoff of a handful of criticized loans that contributed to the loan loss benefit of $5 million this quarter, despite strong net loan growth during the quarter. So overall a strong quarter, a record first nine months for the fiscal year. Now, I'll turn it over to Jeff, who will provide more color on the financial results. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thank you, Paul. On the revenue side of the P&L, virtually all line items had only minor variances from your consensus model this time which is pleasing to see I guess in that we've gotten the story across accurately particularly with the new line items from a year ago. So, I'm going to limit my comments to adding color to a couple of the larger dollar changes from the preceding quarter. First is our largest revenue line item with the asset-based fee revenues that we saw that nice double-digit gain of 12% from the -- sequentially which was exactly in line with the growth in the PCG fee-based assets in the March quarter which is the relevant time period as these are billed quarterly in advance. Implication there of course is that the 4% growth in these assets for the current quarter, the June quarter should be indicative of Q4 growth in that line item, although it won't always be a perfect correlation like it was this time. The other large variance dollar-wise was the Investment Banking revenues which again, I think all of you estimated fairly closely. The sequential decline of course was more due to the fact that we had a record M&A quarter in March not that this current quarter was weak, it was just coming off of a record which was a hard act to follow. So that was actually down. M&A revenues were down $40 million for the quarter. The details of course are in the press release on Page 11, if you have the same pagination as I do in the Capital Markets P&L. The bottom line for revenues is that total net revenues of $1.927 billion up 4% sequentially were just smack on line pretty much with the consensus model. On the expense side, I've got really two positives and two negatives to talk about. I'll just go in the order they were presented in the P&L. Compensation, our comp ratio was up to 66.3% which is a little higher than it has been in recent quarters. There are a couple of factors involved in that one of course is that drop in M&A revenues that we just talked about and that have a very high incremental margin as you add the productivity from those bankers. Second would be, we're starting to see a little bit of the effect of the fairly aggressive hiring we've done over the last year or so in the compliance supervision areas. This falls into the PCG segment predominantly. That hiring pace of course has slowed by now, but it's starting to -- we're getting the full effect of the previous hiring now in our P&L. And third, a third factor is the independent contractor portion of our Private Client Group segment which is somewhat larger than the employee portion as you can see by the relative FA counts in the press release. Actually it grew faster on a percentage basis, even though it's larger to start with it grew faster on a percentage basis this quarter than the employee side did as well. So that has a much higher pay out attendant to those revenues which is going to have an impact on the comp ratio. And all these things are part of the reason that we didn't really change our target at the most recent Analyst Investor Day last month. We left that 66.5%. So we're still under that of course for the quarter and for the year. Communications and information processing, that's continuing to trend well below where we had guided at the beginning of the year. We had talked about it averaging in the high 90s or so for the year. It looks like, it's going to be more to low to mid-90s or low 90s on average. It's not that we're necessarily spending significantly less than we anticipated, but it's really that more of it's being spent on large capitalizable projects that we had expected. And you can sort of see that. If you look at the fixed asset detail of our balance sheet and our Ks, you can see that we have a capitalized software number that's grown pretty steadily over the course of these last few years. And of course the amortization of those comes into the P&L guidance that we give in the current period and future periods. But I will also mention here that in keeping with our principle of conservatism, I would tell you that we only capitalize what we have to for GAAP. And when we're assigning useful lives to the sometimes purchased, sometimes developed software we do try to err toward the low end of any reasonable range. So -- but future amortization of course is going to be -- continue to be a factor in earnings. And then business development, well above our guidance, I think we had talked about this somewhat exhaustively a year ago. We had a similar experience, but for different reasons. At that time we said, we really kind of expect this line item to average between $45 million and $50 million per quarter for the year. And it would be on the low-end of that in the first two quarters and the high-end of that in the second two quarters. Well I think our annual guidance is still pretty accurate on that, but the range is just wider than we thought. In the first two quarters, we were below the $45 million. And this quarter, we're well above the top end of that little range. So really, I think our guidance is right, but the range is probably more like $40 million to $55 million rather than $45 million to $50 million. So things impacting this quarter of course as Paul already mentioned, we had multiple FA recognition events as well as our largest conference of the year. And then we also this year had $5 million worth of advertising time compared to virtually none in the first two quarters. And we're expecting a similar number in that advertising line for this coming quarter. So bottom line, I think that we'll be right on it for the fiscal year just like I said a wider range than we had initially anticipated. And the other positive for the quarter was the bank loan loss provision. We actually had several criticized loans pay off during the quarter. Effect of that more than offset the provision related to the $550 million of net loan growth that we had during the quarter. And now you can actually see that decline in criticized loans. If you look at the bank detail again on my page 16 of the release, where we have some of the bank statistics they're down about $50 million for the quarter. Net interest, which Paul touched on a little bit. The bank net interest margin actually improved a little bit by two basis points. And again on page 17 of the release, there's detail about the bank's net interest margin. But one of the main factors was when we changed from crediting clients' cash balances based on their aggregate assets with the firm to based on their aggregate cash balances with the firm. The bank turned out to be the primary beneficiary of that as they are generally the first bank in our waterfall and they have -- so people that have small accounts or smaller cash balances are almost always in our bank first. So they've got the majority of the small accounts, which obviously engender a lower crediting rate than the larger balances. So they actually had a nicer decline in cost of funds than we experienced in the overall firm. Another factor in that though you may see it and you'll see a decline in the yield on the corporate side of loans. And that has to do with LIBOR. Really LIBOR being predictive of a Fed rate cut and moving down pretty substantially during the quarter. And that in our commercial loan portfolio is largely tied to LIBOR. The callable loans hadn't repriced, but those that did and the new ones came on we're tied to a LIBOR that had moved whereas our cost of funds side other than this change in methodology had not really changed. So the slight improvement was really the net of those two things for the quarter. I will comment that our spread on funds swept to unaffiliated banks still remains about where it was a little under 200 basis points. And that I will remind you is reflected in account and service fees not in net interest. Cash sweep balances dropped 8.5% in the quarter. I think we talked about this again at the recent Analyst Day where we had given our sales force and clients about four months' notice that we were going to be eliminating the money market fund sweep. And as that date in June approached, a number of people took the opportunity to reposition to generally the -- mostly to positional money market funds. So those came out of the sweep balances. That didn't take effect on June 11. And although the total sweep balances are down the one that we track really probably the most closely right now is RJBDP line of that which finances our bank's growth and happens to also to be our most profitable sweep option. That actually grew a little bit because of this conversion that I mentioned net of the runoff to other investments and positional funds. As Paul mentioned, we continue to see some runoff of sweep balances, although it's moderating a little bit now, which going forward obviously will affect both account and service fees and possibly to a lesser extent net interest earnings going forward. So we'll have to see if some of the speculation is right that hopefully we're getting near a bottom in terms of people who are moved what they would call investable cash in our sweep balances really are constituted primarily of what we would call operational funds. A common question we get, of course, is what would the impact of a Fed rate cut be? I would just tell you that we intend to maintain our competitive position at/or near the top of our peer group in virtually all of the strata of account sizes. So our impact is going to be largely dependent on what the competition does. But as I mentioned at Analyst Day my best guess is that is if there's a 25 basis point rate cut next week that there would be something between a 60% and 80% deposit beta associated with that, which would mean a 15 to 20 basis point decline to clients, but would have a modestly negative impact to firms that follow that deposit beta in our case would compress our spread by five to 10 basis points. And again as we remind you each basis point's about $1 million a quarter to us. So five or 10 basis points you can do the math. So I'll wrap it up just talking about the segment results page 8 of the release. I mean, for the quarter three of our four primary operating segments showed sequential improvement in both revenues and pre-tax income. But I would call our three steadier performers in terms of operating segments PCG, Asset Management and the bank. Our most volatile segment by far is Capital Markets, and they were down because they came off their record M&A quarter in March. So they actually showed just a slight decline from the strong March quarter. But -- month results you see revenue improvement in all four primary operating segments and pre-tax improvement in all except PCG, which has been bearing the brunt of the negative impact of the declining cash sweep balances. We continue to finance the growth of the bank. And those cash balances are coming out of external banks where that spread would go to the Private Client Group. And so -- and they are also bearing, obviously, some of these elevated expenses in comp that we talked about and business development. So bottom line is for nine months when you look at the year-over-year improvement, we have had a little bit of help from interest rates during that period and we certainly had some help from the market. Although remember the beginning of this year, we had a pretty severe decline in December and 14% decline in the S&P. So we didn't really have three good quarters of fee billings. We really only had two out of the three. Yet we're still showing pretty nice improvement year-over-year. And with that, I'll let Paul talk a little bit more about the outlook for Q4.
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks Jeff. Well, first in the Private Client Group segment, we're entering the fourth quarter with fee-based assets, accounts up 5% on a sequential basis. And remember substantially all of the assets are billed based on beginning balances in the quarter. So billings should look pretty good in this segment. Of course the offset, which you have decline as discussed is any decline in client cash balances and increased allocations to other investments and certainly whatever happens to interest rates. But overall we continue to experience very good financial adviser retention and recruiting. And in fact, although we may not hit our record for last year, we may come pretty close. And our recruiting pipeline is really extremely solid. And our employee side has really picked up where the independent has -- had led the way the first couple of quarters. In the Capital Markets segment, while the timing of closings are always difficult to predict in M&A, the pipeline is very, very strong. And I think we're optimistic in that area. Fixed Income results have improved last two quarters. And the rate environment is generally still conducive for trading activity, especially as interest rates move. However, we did go through the process of rightsizing the Fixed Income business somewhat and expenses during the year. So that certainly has helped their margins and should continue to. The Asset Management segment, we entered the fourth quarter with financial assets under management of 6% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, which had also helped billings. Increased utilization of fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group as well as good return performance in Carillon Tower should help here. The Raymond James Bank, we started the fourth quarter with record loan balances and attractive net interest margin. I think the bank remained very, very disciplined in its loan portfolio. I see that our numbers said that our credit was non-core, but when we add it to expenses in the last couple of quarters they were certainly were considered core. I think it was just a measure of good credit discipline. And so I think they're -- that we're very -- feel very good about the bank's positioning. Our capital levels obviously remain very strong with the total capital ratio for third quarter 25%. We continue to deliberately deploy our capital. In the third quarter, we purchased a little over a million shares for $85 million. And through the first nine months of fiscal 2019 we repurchased 7.7 million shares for $591 million at an average price of $76.70 per share. That leaves us with $373 million of availability under the $505 million share repurchase authorization, which was increased by the Board of Directors in March of 2019. We'll continue to be proactive in offsetting share-based compensation dilution while remaining opportunistic with incremental repurchases. Following the last two investments last year Silver Lane Advisors and ClariVest will continue to be very active in pursuing opportunities to grow our business and larger ones, but only if they can meet our criteria of the strong cultural fit a good strategic fit and something we can integrate at a price that's reasonable. We're working very, very hard at this and continue to follow the same guidance we've been giving you. So overall, we've entered the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 we have a lot of tailwinds; record number of Private Client Group advisors, record PCG fee-based assets of 5% higher than the start of the preceding quarter, record high spreads on cash balances record net loans at RJ Bank and a strong pipeline for financial advisor recruiting and M&A. But we certainly have headwinds including declining cash balances and what happens there and certainly any impact of potential of rate changes which we obviously can't control, but we'll react to. So, with that, I'm going to turn it over to Jessa and open the line for questions. Jessa?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Paul Reilly: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Siegenthaler: So I just wanted to ask a question on the bank after the recent decline in interest rates. But from your seat how do you compare the relative returns between deposits allocated to the Raymond James Bank and also third-party banks? And also how do you determine the size of the Raymond James Bank?
Paul Reilly: Well, we look at return on our equity no matter where we put it. We get just under 200 basis points on our sweep and earn 373 spread on our bank. So we just look at the return on capital how we allocate it and look at controlled growth in the bank. So we have some internal governors on how large we'd like the bank to be all of it for the business. But I think you're going to see a very similar strategy as we go forward that you've seen over the last few years both in size and how we deploy.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And just as my follow-up, we saw a little bit of a slowing in the break rate broker trend in the March quarter partly due to the backdrop including government shutdown. But I'm just wondering have you seen a pick-up in the migration of advisers away from wirehouses and smaller broker-dealers given the improving equity market backdrop we've seen year-to-date?
Paul Reilly: Honestly, we haven't seen a lot of slowdown. So we are again at pace to be nearer last year's record. You can see it by the number of advisors that we have now. If you look at the pipeline of commits and visits it's very, very robust. So if anything there may be an increase certainly in the employee side. Independent's been really active the first three quarters, but the employee side is really active. And again it usually comes and goes with market. But I'd say in all of our affiliation options we're having very good results on recruiting.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Shoukry: Steve, hello. Are you on mute?
Steven Chubak: Yes, sorry, I was muted. My apologies. So much coughing in the background earlier, so figured --
Paul Shoukry: No problem.
Steven Chubak: Appreciate some color on the high comparable per role in the quarter. I'm just wondering in terms of the revenue outlook, if I look at Street expectations just given the forward curve, people are anticipating I think rightfully so continued fee momentum helped by strong organic growth. But the Fed easing cycle which is beyond your control will weigh on NII and spread revenue. And as you think about your ability to maybe hold the line on comp is that something that's achievable given the expectation for multiple rate cuts in the back half? And just trying to thinking about your philosophy if the growth from here is primarily driven by fee income versus NII.
Paul Reilly: Really we think we're going to get -- given the market we should have good fee income growth. Now, the only difference between those revenue streams is we have a comp cost to fee income growth and not really any comp cost in net interest. So, even though I think this -- the fee income growth will be -- should be good certainly with a 5% tailwind going into the quarter, certainly any offset on net interest is going to hurt. But again I think any of those adjustments are going to be more short-term than long-term and are just -- if markets move up or down we get impacted. But I think we'd do a good job of managing through those so...
Jeff Julien: It depends on what you're projecting. If you're projecting Fed rate cuts then I think you're right in not assuming that NII is going to be a revenue driver. If you're projecting maybe one cut only or no cuts, then it's going to be dependent on how well we're able to hold onto or grow cash balances.
Steven Chubak: I understand. Just as a follow-up to the expense remarks you just made one of the other big areas of debate is any flexibility that you guys have to maybe manage non-comp lower at least slow the pace of non-comp inflation you've made a lot of investments in systems and technology over the last couple of years. That's clearly helped accelerate organic growth. Is there any potential to flex that as the NII backdrop becomes a bit more challenging?
Paul Reilly: I think we always have the opportunity certainly on revenue outlook in the medium term to impact expenses comp and non-comp. So, you can see in Fixed Income we did that and we went from a market where we're just breakeven to 15% ROE. Part was market helped but a lot of that was cost discipline. And if we see those trends in other areas of the business we're going to have to look at more cost discipline for sure. But you're right a lot of our somewhat elevated expenses are to get on and to stay ahead of our adviser growth. So, whether that's support or compliance supervision or systems it's had a big payoff on net adviser growth. But it does hit short-term comps. So, I think to help us on comp I mean on to the numbers it'd be great to slow down recruiting. I don't think it's a great long-term benefit so -- but we always have those flexibilities. And I think we've shown that discipline. In any slowdown or recession we've reacted pretty well on cost and certainly we'll do that if we think it's needed to be done.
Steven Chubak: Thanks Paul. And just one follow-up for me on account and service fees. You quoted the spread on off-balance sheet cash at 200 basis points. It looks like some intra-quarter volatility in terms of the movement in balances impacted the calculated fee rate. I'm just wondering given where the balances exit the quarter in June, what's the right jumping off point for account and service fee revenue? This seems to have been the biggest source of shortfall versus consensus expectations, so just want to make sure that we're modeling that appropriately.
Jeff Julien: Again, it depends how you want to model client cash balances. That's the line item that will be most impacted by whatever fluctuation you want to assume in client cash balances. We've had run off obviously that's had a negative impact on that line item because external bank sweeps are the ones that are impacted first because we're going to continue to finance the growth of Raymond James Bank as long as we can. So, the external banks are the -- get the remainder if you want to call it that. Then to the extent that keeps dropping that's going to be the line item affected more than net interest earnings.
Steven Chubak: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Jim Mitchell: Hey, good morning. Just maybe you talked about as a recruitment could be close to last year's record. But when I look at year-over-year net growth, it's about a little less than half of last year's growth. So I'm just trying -- are you sort of indicating that second half I guess additions could be a lot stronger or am I missing something I guess in that analysis?
Paul Reilly: So when we look at it, I know you guys look at FA count, we look at trailing 12s recruited. And I think that's the measure. If you look at 2009, we had a lot of individuals, but in last year it wasn't even close in trailing 12. So we look at the trailing 12 recruited rather than look at the advisory count itself. [Technical Difficulty]
Jeff Julien: And I would also caution you instead of looking at advisory growth to see how well we're doing I mean certainly look at the total asset growth. I mean a lot of the runoff of advisers are people that don't make it in the business, people that retire, reasons they leave. In a lot of cases, their assets stay here with their team or with some other advisers. So, it's really the asset growth that's more important, and with our recruiting metrics and records we're talking about really part of the gross production we're creating as Paul said.
Paul Reilly: I do think that too and especially we saw the impact in the first quarter, our first quarter, because we've had a lot of retirements as the industry has. So what we measure when we talk about recruiting, we're talking about the gross number. But as you look into the net number, an awful lot of those retirements or unfortunately we got people or passed away, we've kept the asset. So they've gone on to other advisers. And so that's really what we track. And that's why we look at kind of non-regretted attrition. Certainly, if someone passes away, it's regretted. It's a death in the family. But if we keep the assets from a financial standpoint, it isn't as negative. It certainly is to the people and us and the people we know, so.
Jim Mitchell: Right. So, it's just a higher quality FA you're bringing on. Is there a way to think about the timing of last year's versus this year's? If last year was close to record, do you have 75% of the assets and fees over or is there still -- is it 100%, 50%? Just trying to think of how much more you have from last year's recruiting class versus the new kind of recruiting trailing 12 months you're getting this year?
Paul Reilly: It's hard to tell. It's so individualized. We think in the first six months to a year, we get a majority of them and it may trail for a little bit while after, and then the growth is really due to their growth of production. Most all these teams that we recruit aren't just because they have assets. It's because they're looking to grow. So, it's so individualized. But you're going to see momentum as you've seen in the past. Assets are still coming over from our recruiting. And those -- we keep the pipeline filled we're going to continue to have that push.
Jeff Julien: It's certainly reasonable to assume something like a 6-month lag of assets coming in versus production recruited. So, I mean if you have a -- last year's record production year, we kind of get the benefit a lot of those assets coming in this year. And this year is the same way with next year's assets.
Jim Mitchell: Great. Okay. And Jeff, maybe one just follow-up on deposit, your deposit costs were down 8 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Obviously, the change in the relationship pricing was that -- was driving them. Just -- is that all impacted in this quarter? Is there some -- a little bit of on an average basis? Do we get a little bit more next quarter or is there some or -- and/or is there some other dynamic that centered it lower than basis points?
Jeff Julien: That's substantially all of it. It didn't happen exactly at the beginning of the quarter, but I would -- that's about what we modeled in as the impact. So I wouldn't assume any future benefit from that.
Paul Reilly: And I do think that especially when you look at the bank that -- where LIBOR is predicted and you get benefit going up, because LIBOR moves usually before Fed funds, I think the bank has seen a lot of that loan repricing already. So any change in the cost of funds should be under total deposit and not in negatives.
Jim Mitchell: Great. Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi. Please go ahead.
Brian Wu: Hi, good morning. This is Brian Wu on for Bill Katz. Appreciate the comments on client cash sorting. Any update you can provide on client cash in July?
Jeff Julien: We've continued to see -- I think -- I don't have the exact number. It's been another $1 billion or so, I think through today runoff of -- into -- mainly into position of money market funds. These are the – in – oh, yeah, I'm sorry. And of the big part of that as Paul mentioned is that the beginning of every quarter we have the quarterly fee taken out of accounts. That's generally just an account subtraction. Over the course of the quarter money coming into the accounts through dividends interest whatever and repositioning – positions it for the next quarter. So that number coming out in fees is about $700 million to $800 million at the beginning of each quarter right now. So that's really been the primary reason, we see a decline so far in July. But we see that every quarter, and again it builds back up over the course of the quarter.
Brian Wu: Got it. And how should we think about the funding mix for the bank, if client cash continues to run off?
Jeff Julien: It's entirely possible that our bank's going to be entertaining other funding sources aside from our sweep program over time. We're already – we've already looked at some. We've done one CD issuance through our syndicated desk, a secondary market CD. We're looking at alt – immediate – or we're looking already at alternative funding sources at the bank level preparing for the eventuality that sweep balances are not available given our internal limitations or in general to continue to support the growth of the bank. And we don't – if we do the math, we'll have to see whether it makes sense for us to run the bank in place, or whether it makes more sense for us to continue to grow the bank with external funding sources. I think the answer's going to be the latter, but we don't know that for a definitive fact yet. So we are exploring alternative funding sources of various types at the bank. We have been for the better part of the year actually in anticipation of what you're talking about.
Paul Reilly: Yeah, so agree everything with what Jeff said. And the only caveat is right now we are funding basically almost exclusively internally and cash sweep balances moderate the exit or grow we're going to be fine. If they continue to go down at some point you've got to have alternatives and that's what we're exploring.
Brian Wu: Great. Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Harris: Thanks, guys. How do you think interest rate cuts will affect the customer cash balances? I ask that question because a lot of people think it would actually help to stabilize those balances. I'm just wondering, if you guys would agree with that?
Paul Reilly: Our premise, which I don't know why your – always people ask us to predict what's going to happen with interest rates given our –.
Jeff Julien: Or balances.
Paul Reilly: Or balances. But I think too right now the attraction has been positional money markets and the spread between that and FDIC insurance. And I think that, if rates come in and that spread decreases that the cash sweep is going to be even a better option than the money markets if rates have come in. So I think we agree with that. But we'll see what happens.
Jeff Julien: I am in the camp that it will help stabilize the balances at least by the second rate cut or so. The first one may not have a big impact or maybe even the second one. But beyond that, if there are that many rate cuts I think – I certainly think it will minimize the differential that they can get elsewhere.
Chris Harris: All right. That's great. And my follow-up question relates to the bank, excellent credit quality again this quarter. Bigger picture how would you guys characterize the risk profile of the bank today? And specifically wondering, how you think the loan portfolio the risk profile of that compares to say how the loan portfolio looked in 2007.
Paul Reilly: So I think that the biggest difference the bank is much more diversified. And back in pre-2008, 2009 we were almost purchase mortgages or C&I was really our portfolio. So today C&I is certainly is a much smaller percentage. It's much more diversified, but I believe the credit quality in the C&I and other parts of the equation is good. So I view we're in good shape and more diversified in our product portfolio.
Jeff Julien: And we didn't have an SBL portfolio in 2007, which is extremely a good source of business for us. Most of our mortgages now are originated versus purchased. So – and we have extremely good credit quality within our client base as you can imagine. And we have a tax-exempt portfolio, which we didn't have in 2007, which are loans to investment-grade municipalities. So it's – I think in – it's more diversified and probably on average much better quality than it was in 2007. And remember, we survived 2008 or 2009 without particular ugly -- with no real ugly hiccups. So it just -- to be in even better shape now, I think we're very well-positioned.
Paul Reilly: But we're also cognizant that anything can happen, so we watch it very, very carefully so.
Chris Harris: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning, everyone.
Paul Reilly: Good morning
Devin Ryan: First question just on private client commissions. So they increased 2% from last quarter. We were thinking they could have been something a little bit better than that just with trailing commissions increasing from the move higher in average daily balances like in mutual funds which I think were only up about 1%. So I'm just curious, if there's any lag in there sometimes the accounting can be a little bit funky. Or was it just lighter transactional activity like new sales being slower which offset some of the benefits of the average daily balance increases?
Jeff Julien: I think it's just a continuation of the trend towards fee-based assets away from commissionable activity in the Private Client Group side. The people we're recruiting are heavy users of fee-based alternatives. And it's just been a continuing trend you've seen that -- if you map that for the last two to three years, I think you'd see a pretty steady decline in commissionable activity in PCG. No real change there.
Devin Ryan: Yes, okay. Got it. And then just a follow-up here on M&A opportunities, I know we touched on this a bit at the Investor Day, but even since then there's press out that USAA may be looking to sell their wealth management business. I know that's a different business, but just something notable activity in kind of financials Investment Banking, so just wanted to get a little perspective on your corporate development function business development. How active is it right now? And how are you guys kind of thinking about M&A kind of balancing views that are out there that we may be late cycle versus long-term opportunities that would come along?
Paul Reilly: Look Devin, I would describe us as active as ever looking at all sorts of opportunities. And I would view the market as a lot of people or more people looking maybe at a possible transaction. The problem is that, I think some of that in certain categories are driven by a belief that it's late cycle. The pricing doesn't necessarily -- it reflects peak growth. So, you still got that delta, so it may take a little bit of adjustment before pricing realizes. So through our view, if we look at transactions, first they have to fit. There are a lot of transactions that happen that just don't fit our model. So, they just aren't good fits for us. But the -- and some are just culturally aren't good fits. But I would say the biggest -- there is more interest that I think the pricing has to reflect kind of reality and not peak because they think there's going to be a cycle change, so those are the challenges. But we're very active in talking to folks though.
Jeff Julien: Another silver lining to the market correction whenever it comes along with increased cash balances.
Devin Ryan: Great. Would -- I guess just on that point, I've always had the impression that Raymond James doesn't need to be the high bidder because -- especially in wealth management because your retention tends to be quite a bit better, so the earn-outs over time, the seller may actually do better even at the lower price. So how does that play in? And is that an accurate thought process?
Paul Reilly: I don't know. We've never tried to be the high bidder, so we're in -- what's most impressive about I think to us on recruiting results especially at the high end, our retention agreements are substantially -- offers are substantially lower than other firms and yet people still join us. I would say when it comes to M&A that depends. If it's public company or something it's hard to be not near the high bidder and I'd say there are some that are private that we always ask ourselves are we being too conservative, but we've seen a number of things where we were first choice spiritually second by price in the line with a number of other people. But somebody had a bid that was 30% to 50% higher. So you can't beat outlier bids just to win a deal. And I think that's been more the frustration than anything for us where we were preferred, but the premium someone else was willing to pay was just too high. So we just again remained disciplined and said our job is to have an ROE for shareholders not just to be bigger.
Devin Ryan: Yeah. Great. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Paul a question to you regarding some of the earlier comments you made on the call and that kind of echoes your comments at the Investor Day as well just around the more competitive recruiting practices out there. How are you guys thinking about that impacting your guys' franchise? Should we think about the cost of bringing in new financial advisers going up all the time for Raymond James or you guys are going to try to stay disciplined, which may ultimately result in slightly lower net new asset growth?
Paul Reilly: So I think the results so far as we've -- I'd say, we've had some slight increases at times to close the gap, but we certainly haven't matched. We've stayed very, very disciplined yet the result is that this year will be close to last year's record even though we've seen a high an increase of the number of competitors offering substantially more. So our focus is that although we lose some really good people that we would like the people that join us are joining us for the right reasons, it's not just the biggest check. Certainly, we think what we offer is very fair to the adviser and long-term they can do just as well and what we think we can help them with their practice. And it's hard when you really want someone to stay disciplined, but we stay disciplined and just say overall it's the right thing to do for the advisers that are here. And bring in the new advisers at a fair price. And it helps reinforce the culture and we get the people that I think are joining for the right reasons. So it's just like M&A. You're -- there's something you may really want, but if it gets out-priced, you're better off just sitting on the sideline, and it's hard to do especially at -- if we are near the end of the cycle, it's always the worst and the hardest, so maybe it's an indication it is. So we just felt through our discipline and not being arrogant, we really -- we always second-guess ourselves and say, are we doing it right and I think we're doing the right thing. And our results have been -- I think this year will be almost as good as last year's even with this competitive pricing.
Alex Blostein: Right. All makes sense. A couple of follow-ups for Jeff. I guess on the rate sensitivities you talked about a 25 basis point cut is five basis points to 10 basis points, I guess compression in the NIM. Are you guys talking about the back NIM only or are you talking about the overall company NIM? And if it's just the bank maybe give us [Technical Difficulty] vast majority, but that would be helpful to get the full picture.
Jeff Julien: It would be felt partly by the bank and it would be felt partly in the account and service fees in the Private Client Group. So it would be kind of a split between those two segments, which are a direct, but it's hard to tell the exact proportion. Depends what we do on the grid of what we pay to clients, but they both feel it those two segments.
Alex Blostein: Right. And then the last just clean up in terms of bank funding sources just to follow-up to one of the earlier questions of the $14 billion that sits in third-party bank sweep today how much of that is ultimately still available to be moved through AJ before triggering any restrictions?
Paul Reilly: Well, so far that's been an -- more of an internal restriction than a market so most of our competitors put a lot more of their cash sweeps. I do think you're seeing one of the benefits of our discipline that we've had. You've read a number of firms that had restrictions on what they could do, because they've leveraged up their sweeps so much it's hit other trigger points and whether it's buying back stock or flexibility. So we still have room. So we're getting closer to our internal numbers, but we have the ability to raise that I think comfortably still for a while. But again, we're not going to do -- what other people have done. We don't think -- we think it limits flexibility.
Jeff Julien: Yeah. We have some internal limitations that are the first triggers that we will hit, but then there are some external triggers too, such as we don't want to violate clients' ability to get the $3 million of FDIC insurance and put so much in our bank that they don't go through the waterfall, et cetera. Those numbers are a little less than half of that $14 billion could still be directed to our bank and also without triggering some penalty rates, because we do have some contractual commitments, which are running off over time here with some third-party banks that we won't fall below a certain, but I guess a safe number to use would be a $6 billion type number in that. And we're not trying to dodge the question, but we have some internal constraints that would again be triggered before that comes into play.
Alex Blostein: Super. Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Paul Reilly : Is that it? Well, great. So we appreciate you all joining us and I think we're as I've -- ended up in good shape. I think most of the indicators -- all indicators are really positive outside of the cash balances. We'll see what happens with this rate cut, if there's a rate cut this month. And we'll talk to you next quarter. So thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-04-27 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial's Fiscal Second Quarter of 2019. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website. Now, I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. Please go ahead.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning. And thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, anticipated results and litigation and regulatory developments and general economic conditions. In addition to words such as believes, expect, plans, will, could and would as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q, which are available on our website. During today's call, we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO, of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to start as usual with a brief summary of the second -- of the fiscal second quarter of 2019 and then turn it over to Jeff, who'll provide some more details on the financials and some line items. And then I'll discuss outlook before turning it over for questions. So, following a challenging market during the December quarter, I am pleased with the solid performance in a number of key areas during the fiscal second quarter. These include quarterly net revenues of $1.86 billion, an increase of 3% over the prior year's second quarter, a decline of 4% compared to the preceding quarter. As we discussed on the last call and at our recent conferences, Asset Management and related administrative fees were the primary drivers of sequential decline in net revenues as the vast majority of these fees are billed based on the beginning of the period fee-based asset levels, which were down with the market in December quarter. This quarter also had fewer billable days than the December quarter, which negatively impacts both Asset Management fees and net interest income. But despite the fewer billable days this quarter and the seasonal expenses related to year-end mailings and reset in FICA taxes, we generated quarterly net earnings per share of $1.81, lifted by record Investment Banking revenues and higher net interest income, primarily at Raymond James Bank, which experienced improvement in its net income margin during the quarter, driving record quarterly net revenues and pretax income in the segment. We ended the period, importantly, with records for client assets under administration of $796 billion. Total Private Client Group financial advisors of 7,862 and record net loans at RJ Bank of $20.1 billion. Annualized total return on equity for the quarter was 16.7%. And I want to remind everyone, a lot of people report on tangible equity, but this is total equity, which is a terrific result, particularly given our strong capital levels, which I'll speak about a little bit later. Stepping back, if you look at the first 6 months, the first half of this fiscal year, we generated record net revenues of $3.79 billion, which were up 7% and net income of $510 million, which was up 41% or adjusted net income of $525 million, which was up 9% over the first half of fiscal '18. And notably, all 4 of our core segments generated record net revenue during the first 6 months of the fiscal year. This is really a fantastic result, particularly given the challenging market environment during the December quarter. Now, turning to the segments. In the Private Client Group, we generated net revenue of $1.27 billion and pretax net income of $132 million during the quarter. The segment's results were negatively impacted by the market downturn in December, which caused fee-based assets, which are billed on balances at the beginning of the period, to start lower this quarter than the starting balance in the immediately preceding quarter. Moreover, once again, there were fewer billable days this quarter than the preceding quarter. Partially offsetting the lower Asset Management fees, fees from third-party banks increased substantially during the quarter due to higher spreads following the December rate increase and higher client cash balances at the beginning of the quarter. However, these cash balances have been declining due to clients increasingly -- increasing their allocations to other investments, primarily as a result of improvement in equity markets as well as tax-related seasonality. The trend has continued into April. Fortunately, PCG asset based -- PCG fee-based assets under administration, which now represent nearly 50% of the Private Client Group's total client assets, grew 16% over March of 2018 and 12% over December 2018 and achieved a new record, ending March at $378.4 billion, again driven by equity market appreciation, increased utilization of fee-based accounts and net additional financial advisers. Our financial adviser retention and recruiting remains solid, resulting in a healthy net increase of 47 financial advisers during the quarter to a record of 7,862. Our client-focused culture, multiple affiliation options and robust service and solution offerings continue to resonate well with existing and prospective advisers. In the Capital Markets segment, we generated net revenue of $277 million and pretax income of $41 million for the quarter, both representing significant increases over prior year's fiscal second quarter and the preceding quarter. We achieved record Investment Banking revenues in this segment of $156 million for the quarter. The strong results were driven primarily by record M&A revenues of $118 million, which also included our largest fee in history. This more than offset the industry-wide weakness in equity underwriting in the first quarter due to government shutdown. Fixed Income and brokerage revenues improved, largely due to a spike in interest volatility during the month of March. However, institutional equity brokerage revenues continue to be challenged by structural and cyclical headwinds. In the Asset Management segment, we generated net revenue of $162 million and pretax income of $55 million during the quarter. These were negatively impacted by the starting the quarter with lower billable asset levels, given the decline in the equity markets in December, as well as net outflows for Carillon Tower Advisers. Financial assets under management ended the quarter at $138.5 billion, an increase of 5% over March of '18 and 9% over December 2018. Overall, the growth in financial assets under management continues to be largely driven by equity market appreciation, positive inflows with increased utilization of management accounts in the Private Client Group, which we believe will continue going forward. Raymond James Bank generated record quarterly net revenue of $212 million and record quarterly pretax income of $136 million during the fiscal second quarter. We ended the quarter with a record -- with record net loans at $20.1 billion, which were up 11% year-over-year and 1% sequentially. The growth in loans during the quarter was driven by the C&I portfolio and residential mortgages to our Private Client Group clients. Raymond James Bank net interest margin expanded to 3.35% in the second quarter, up 14 basis points over a year ago second quarter and 10 basis points over the preceding quarter. Importantly, the credit quality of the bank's loan portfolio remains strong, resulting in a decrease in our loan loss provision. So overall, strong quarter, I believe, an excellent first half of the fiscal year. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff before I provide some comment on the outlook. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. I'll run down some of the line items and add a little color. On the revenue side, although total revenues were reasonably close to the consensus model, there were really -- it's the net effect of two pretty significant variations. One is in the Asset Management-related fees. The actual decline in that revenue line versus the December quarter was pretty much in line with the drop in the related fee-based assets. If you remember, if you look at the December release, you can see those various asset categories decline between 8% and 10% in December, given the 14% drop in the S&P that quarter. At least -- so it's not a surprise that, that revenue line item would be down 9% sequentially, but apparently that you -- the Street underestimated that a little bit. So that drop was a little more severe than the consensus model would show. Looking forward to Q3, again, billings, which we have already done in April here, were up a percentage similar to what you would see in terms of the growth in fee-based assets in the March quarter for that particular line item. Granted, a small portion of that line is based on average assets or end-of-period assets, but again, the vast majority, 90% type range are beginning-of-quarter billed. So, you can expect that I think for the June quarter. Brokerage revenues, PCG commissions and equity institutional, both declined. They continue to struggle as we shift more toward a fee-based model here in the Private Client Group. That was offset this particular quarter by a nice uptick in the Fixed Income institutional business, in the principal transactions, both in commissions and what used to be called trading profits, which are now encompassed in the principal transactions line. Looking forward, the higher equity markets will certainly help some of the PCG trail revenues and things like that going forward, so there may be at least a flattening of the PCG-related portion of that line. And Fixed Income, although they had a really good March month, may regress a little bit back toward the levels they were at and we're starting to see a little bit of that already. So we wouldn't necessarily anticipate a continuation of the level they were running at, at the end of the quarter. The account service fee line, which is largely fees from unaffiliated banks that are in our sweep program waterfall. As you can see on Page 7 of the release, client cash balances continued to decline subsequent to December, when the markets start recovering and -- so we have seen that all the way up, as Paul mentioned, all the way up through today. We continue to see clients seeking either higher-yielding cash alternatives or going to risk assets. But that decline throughout the March quarter was more than offset by the increased spread that we earned as we had not passed through any of the December Fed hike to clients throughout that quarter. So that caused the net impact to actually have an uptick in the account and service fee line item in the March quarter. Going forward, assuming no additional Fed moves, the spread may hold up in the current range of about 200 basis points, but the balances may continue to run off for the quarter. We'll have to wait and see how that plays out. The other offsetting variation or fluctuation from the consensus model was in Investment Banking. And again, a really strong close for the quarter. Generally, these have been happening almost too late for us to signal anything in our monthly releases, but we came in with record Investment Banking revenues, driven by record M&A fees for the quarter of $118 million. So we've had 2 really good quarters in a row in M&A fees. And looking forward in that line item, while the pipeline is still pretty active, it seems like it will be difficult to meet or beat the first 6 months on that particular line, but it'll still be a very good year overall. Net interest income was just slightly above consensus, the NIM at Raymond James Bank, you can see on Page 17 of the release, actually grew 10 basis points to 3.35%. Again, as we -- some of the assets repriced from the Fed rate hike in December had very little impact on the cost of funds to the bank. For quarter 3 and 4 going forward, at least for now, we would think it would stay somewhat in the same range. We'll have to wait and see as the bank continues to grow probably in that 8% to 10% a year type range. So should we continue to see some -- we should continue to see some increase in outstanding loan balances, which helps drive the NIM up. But it's a matter of how much cash and securities they have on average during the quarter and other factors. So for now, I think in that range is probably a good estimate for the next quarter at least. And the other revenues is the only other one that came in under consensus and that was a little bit slower quarter for the tax credit funds in terms of closings this particular quarter, which now falls in this line item. It used to be in -- with the old Investment Banking line item, but now it's in other revenues. In this particular quarter, there were no significant impacts either direction from valuations on private equity holdings, so that came in slightly lower. Turning to the expense side, comp expense, the comp ratio came in dead on expectations. The ratio is 65.9% for the quarter and 65.7% for the year-to-date. They're both well under our 66.5% guideline. And that's despite the fact that the current quarter has an $8 million to $10 million impact from the FICA reset that happens every -- beginning of each calendar year and impacts us in the March quarter. So no real surprises with comp. We've talked about communication and info processing. It was up slightly from last quarter, but still under our guidance for the quarterly average for the year. But we're not really going to change our quarterly -- our guidance for the year of running in the mid to high 90s on average for the year, which kind of means that we are expecting a little bit of an uptrend in the back half of the year here in that particular line item based on what we know today. Some of those things certainly are controllable and subject to delays and other things. But at this point in time, based on what we know, we still think the mid-90s on average for the year is probably a good number for that line. Business development is running also below guidance. We talked about maybe mid-40s for the first 2 quarters. It has actually run in the low 40s for the first 2 quarters. We had -- some of that had to do maybe with a little bit slower recruiting, which is one of the big costs that goes in there. And also we did no branding or advertising of any kind during the first half. As we've mentioned on prior calls, the last 2 quarters of the year, we anticipate will be higher than the first 2 quarters, based on the timing of our large conferences and our reward trips which are -- both of which are important to preserving our culture and morale within our sales force. We also have some modest image advertising planned, so we'll be -- my guess is at this point in time, again some of that is controllable, but at this point in time, we would think it would be more in the high 40s to $50 million type range per quarter for the next 2 quarters. Paul mentioned the bank loan loss provision. It went back to what we call a more normal level this quarter after a series of downgrades within the past category generally in the prior quarter, direct to what we call a more normal level, which is more correlated with the overall loan growth of $247 million during the quarter. And that growth this quarter was largely within the C&I and CRE portfolios, which led to a little bit higher than the 1% overall provision reserve that we have related to outstanding loan balances. In the other expense line, again, we think maybe this has regressed back to what we call a more normal run rate that we talked about really actually last summer, when we were experiencing some elevated legal and regulatory costs. In this particular quarter, as noted in at least one report, there was a catch-up valuation adjustment of about $9 million for the one tax credit fund that we consolidate because we have guaranteed the tax credits will flow to the buyer. We've had this on our books for years and years, so as a result of that, their expenses flow through our P&L. And we own a very small fraction of this fund to our own interests. So virtually all of the impact comes out to the noncontrolling interest. So $9 million of that $12 million in noncontrolling interest is all related to that. But that did inflate other expenses by that amount. So ex that factor, you can see it was a fairly low quarter for the other expense line item, and that's again, we think that somewhere around where it is now is a little bit more indicative of what we would call an ongoing run rate. A couple other metrics. The pretax margin was 18.7% for the quarter. I've been getting a lot of questions about whether that's -- whether we have additional leverage to increase that, whether we -- we're at a maximum point in the cycle on that, et cetera. What happened this quarter, of course, so we had lower revenues from the fee billings and we had some higher interest earnings in account and service fees and things that are very high margin type revenues, including Investment Banking M&A fees. Those are more profitable marginal revenues than the PCG-related fee income, which has a high attendant payout. So as a result, it drove the margin up this particular quarter and also helped the comp ratio. Going forward, we have -- as you know, for Q3, we had higher fee billings, which again, will be a little bit lower margin revenue, and will drive some higher compensation with the FA payouts, particularly with the independent contractor space. And lower cash balances point to a possible decline in the margin for next quarter when you add those 2 things together, but it will be on higher revenues. So it's not to say that earnings or earnings per share will necessarily be impacted dramatically, but it'll just be a different mix, more like it was in the December quarter perhaps. Then Paul mentioned the ROE coming in at 16.7% and also for the quarter and also for the adjusted number for the year-to-date, when you take out the impact in the first quarter of the sale of the European equity sales and trading operations. So we're, again, well above our long-term target of 15%. But again, still trying to make up for the many years we ran along at 11% and 12%, when we had no interest earnings to speak of. Capital ratios, they all remain well above regulatory minimums -- multiples of regulatory minimums, actually. And a little bit up from the preceding quarter, because we only had modest buybacks this particular quarter of 603,000 shares. I will say, however, the record EPS that we had during the quarter, even though we did not have record income, pretax or otherwise, we had record EPS, which really reflects the full impact of the over 6 million shares that we repurchased in the December quarter. All-in-all, a pretty satisfying quarter, given the headwind of the lower fees that we started with and the continued runoff of client cash balances. That's what I have, and I'll turn it back now to Paul.
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Jeff. So, let me touch on the segments quickly and then we'll open it up for questions. So in the Private Client Group segment, we entered the third quarter with assets in fee-based accounts up 12% on a sequential basis. And remember, these are billed substantially based on the beginning balances. So it's kind of the reverse of last quarter, when they were down. This quarter, they are up. Also, last quarter, we had 2 fewer days. This quarter, we have 1 more day than last quarter. So those will both be positive on the tailwind for us going in the quarter. Offsetting some of this benefit is the decline in cash balances, as Jeff just mentioned. So overall, we continue to experience very good financial adviser recruiting and retention, so we're really optimistic on this segment and we're excited. In the Capital Markets segment, while the timing of closings are always difficult in the M&A business, we -- the pipeline for M&A remains very strong. It would be hard to match last year -- the first 6 months' closings, but on the other hand, the activity levels for equity underwritings are increasing. Although it will still be difficult, I think, to match the first half, but we expect good results. Unfortunately, the Fixed Income side of the business, we had a really strong March and a reasonable April, but you could see it's slowing back down a little bit. So if rate volatility remains low, given a flat yield curve and low long-term rates, it will still be challenging for that division. The Asset Management segment entered third quarter with assets under management up 5% year-over-year and 9% sequentially. So again, this should help the billing. Increased utilization of fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group as well as a good return performance in Carillon Towers should also help us with financial assets under management over time. Raymond James Bank started the third quarter with record loan balances and attractive net interest margins. The bank remains very disciplined in growing the loan portfolio and the credit metrics, we believe, will continue to be healthy. So, I said, I would touch on our capital levels. As we obviously have excess capital, with our total capital ratio now around 25%, but the story remains consistent as it has always been and we continue to deliberately deploy our capital, after repurchasing 6.1 million shares in the December quarter for $458 million on an average price of $75.70 per share. In the first quarter, we purchased nearly 603,000 shares for $47 million or an average price of $78. This leaves us with $458 million of availability under the $505 million share repurchase authorization, which was increased by the Board of Directors in March of '19. We'll continue to be proactive in offsetting shareholder compensation dilution while remaining opportunistic with increased repurchases. We also closed on 2 investments in April, including Silver Lane Advisors, a high-quality M&A platform with expertise in asset management and the wealth industries. And we bought out the remaining 55% interest in ClariVest, an asset management manager with over $7 billion in financial assets under management that we first purchased a minority stake in 2012. While these were not huge uses of capital, they do represent our strategic investments that we are continuing to make to augment our strong organic growth. We have been and will continue to look on pursuing larger acquisitions, but again, only if they meet our criteria of being a strong cultural fit, a good strategic fit and something we can integrate at a price that generates attractive returns to our shareholders. We also get a lot of questions on whether or not we'd be willing to grow the bank more rapidly. If we found assets that could generate good risk returns, we would. So we are growing our loan portfolio at a rate we are comfortable with, given our conservative parameters and disciplined focus. And while the bank has grown our agency MBS portfolio over the past 3 years, with a flat yield curve, it doesn't make a lot of sense to take 3- to 4-year risk duration for maybe 25 or 30 basis points, given the incremental spread pickup over the floating rate we earn off balances for third-party banks, which offer much more flexibility and more FDIC insurance for our clients. We have focused on deploying capital to generate good returns for our shareholders, as we did this quarter with a 16.7% annualized return on total equity. We want our balance sheet not only to remain on the defensive side, but also allow us to be opportunistic when we see opportunities. So overall, we enter the second half of 2019 with a lot of tailwinds, with a record number of Private Client Group financial advisers, fee-based assets up 12% than preceding quarter, record-high spreads on our cash balances, record net loans at Raymond James Bank and a healthy Investment Banking pipeline. But we also have some headwinds, including declining cash balances and some expenses, such as communications and info processing, as Jeff spoke about, and business development for conferences. For example, we have our largest conference occurring next week with over 4,500 people attending, which will impact the business development line. So, with that, I think we're in great shape. And Tiffany, I'll turn it over to you to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak: So, I wanted to start off with a question on the operating margin outlook. You cited a number of sources of record revenue balances and just given the strong revenue tailwinds in the second half and the growth in higher margin NII, how should we think about the outlook for operating margin? Should we think that some expansion in '19 versus '18 is achievable, even with the absorption of some of the higher non-comps as part of your investment plans?
Paul Shoukry: There's multiple layers to this, but revenue mix does impact the margin and the comp ratio. So it's great that our fee billings will start 12% higher, but we pay advisers on net revenue. And if interest rates, where we pay -- we don't pay anybody, it really almost flows 100% to the bottom line of net interest. It's obviously going to impact -- the revenue will be up, but it's going to impact, both the comp ratio will be higher and the margin will be lower, given the same mix of other activities. So the revenue mix has been driving some of that margin in this quarter. And if we think what happens, happens, our comp ratio should be up and the margin should be down slightly, but Jeff, I don't know if there's anything...?
Jeff Julien: Yes. I think that's right. I think, Steve, if we can keep the pretax margin in this 18% type range, that's a very acceptable long-term margin, in our opinion. The way we would like to see growth happen over time is to grow revenues, control expenses at about the same level. So we continue to see this 18% margin, but on an increasing revenue base going forward and then controlling the share count through the repurchases, which we've been doing. And that's sort of long term how we would see it, not so much through concentrating our business in such a way that we optimize the pretax margin. I mean remember, PCG is our core business. And if you look at the margin in the segment, it's actually the lowest margin of our businesses, but it feeds all the other businesses. So through attribution, it's an integral part of that 18% margin. But I wouldn't look for a lot of margin expansion personally. If that's -- that's not how we intend to grow earnings per share going forward. It's more growing revenues and holding the share count flat.
Steven Chubak: Got it. Being provided to where we are [indiscernible] I think expectations reflect margin contraction anyway, so it doesn't feel like the bar there is particularly high. But comments about keeping it stable at 18% is certainly quite encouraging. Just one question for me on the non-comps. Though it certainly -- I can appreciate the fact that you guys continue to invest in the business, it was nice to see also that the other expense line came in a bit better. Jeff, you indicated that the core number for that was somewhere sub $60 million this quarter. At the same time, also noted that $67 million may actually be indicative of a more normalized level. I'm just trying to unpack how we should be thinking about that line item going forward.
Jeff Julien: It's hard to pick a number on that one. There's a lot of -- I hate to overuse the word lumpy, but there's a lot of costs, particularly on the legal side, that can come in or go out of that any particular quarter. But again, it's somewhere in the -- if we can keep it somewhere in the $60 million to $65 million range for that line, now that we've taken professional fees out and established a separate line item, we can keep the other expense in that $60 million to $65 million range, I think that's indicative of some ongoing legal costs. And in this business, we're never going to be without some litigation from clients or other sources. But in terms of all the other items that fall into that particular category, that would be an acceptable long-term run rate at our current level of operations.
Steven Chubak: And just one final one for me on Private Client Asset Management fee yield. Clearly, well-positioned to benefit from higher AUM levels in Private Client as we approach the back half. But the calculated fee yield continues to contract, albeit at a fairly modest pace. I was hoping you could speak to what's driving that fee dynamic and how we should think about the trajectory for the fee yield going forward?
Paul Reilly: The only shift that you could really see is there's more of a movement to fee-based accounts. So we're not seeing big pressure at all on advisers, what advisers are charging clients. So those have held in pretty well. So I know there's been a lot of commentary about compression there, we don't see the compression on the fees advisers are charging. There's normal compression on any Asset Management fee or in our industry, but in terms of the adviser fees have held up very, very well. So I think it's more of a mix than any fee compression.
Jeff Julien: It's mix and average size of account, as over time in our client base, average account size has grown and larger accounts typically can come in at a slightly better fee.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz from Citi.
Kendall Marthaler: This is Kendall Marthaler, actually, on for Bill Katz. So I know you guys talked a little bit about the client cash since April, but I was wondering if you could give more of an update on pace of that relative to the last few months and how we should think about the economic trade-off between the elevated retail engagement and the lower cash balances.
Jeff Julien: We've been spending a lot of time on this over the last 4 to 5 months with our sales force. It's gotten to where the rate that people earn on what we call sweep balances compared to what they can earn in what we'll call positional cash, such as an investment in the money market fund. The differential is large enough now that advisers and clients are actually bifurcating their cash into what we'll call operating cash and what we'll call investment cash. And so what we're seeing is, it used to be all just amorphously one into the sweep balance, so now what we're seeing is additional runoff, if you want to use that word, of cash balances into what we'll call positional type of investments. The pace of that, at some point in time, it will hit what we'll call stasis, where the investment cash is in its investment vehicle, and what's left in the sweep program will be the operational cash. I don't know at what point we hit that inflection point. We continue to recruit new advisers and our client assets continue to grow. So there's an incoming flow from that process. But at this point in time, at least through today, we continue to see a net runoff of some of that cash. And again, what percent of assets it ends up being is a little hard to predict now at this point in time. So we'll just have to wait and see.
Kendall Marthaler: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up, kind of going back to the previous question. So as PCG client AUA shifts more towards the fee-based, how do you see that impacting just the overall margin for Ray Jay?
Jeff Julien: Historically, on average, fee-based revenues as a percentage of assets have been a little bit higher for us than commission-based revenues as a percent of the related assets. But there's a lot of assumptions and all that go into making a statement as broad as that. I don't think it will have a material negative impact, and if anything, it could have a slightly positive impact. The good news about it is it creates a very predictable stream of revenues and it makes us a little bit more model-able company, if that's a word, going forward. And I know that people in your seat appreciate that. And our advisers have been kind of encouraged over the years to use professional management and other sources of fee-based revenues to eliminate some of the old conflicts that arose with commission-based accounts, and that was obviously accelerated with DOL and some of these other potential regulatory changes, and maybe will again, depending what regulatory changes come out and other things that may be on the docket. But at this point in time, I think we still see a continuous shift, plus we recruit advisers that have a practice that is largely focused on fee-based, because it fits with our model better. So I think profitability-wise, it will be our best long-term economic history shows it's a slight positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: On the 2 acquisitions you just closed, how should we be thinking about the financial impact of those deals? And if you happen to have a revenue number for us, that will be helpful.
Jeff Julien: Well, Silver Lane is an M&A firm, so trying to determine how those revenues fall is as difficult as trying to determine how our own M&A falls, but it certainly will help augment our M&A revenue stream going forward. It's not an overly material part, as Paul mentioned, neither one of these are transformational acquisitions. And on the ClariVest side, they've been consolidated into our numbers all along. And then the portion we didn't own came out through minority interest. So given the size of minority interest over the last several years, since 2012, when we purchased our initial 45% stake, I mean you could see that what will no longer be coming out. Again, that -- and that won't be a huge transformational number.
Chris Harris: Got it, okay. That's helpful. I guess a follow-up question I had was on PCG recruiting. You know, you guys continue to have great success there. Just wondering if there's been any kind of change with respect to where you guys are seeing interest among advisers. And then maybe if you can elaborate a little bit more on how the pipeline looks, whether it's better or worse or about the same as to how things were maybe 12 or 24 months ago.
Paul Reilly: So I'd say the interest still remains high. Pipeline is strong. We started off with a slower quarter at the first quarter. Part of that was due just to also a reported net number, we had a lot of retirements. We have some retirements this quarter, but we're lower than last year, our pace of recruiting so far on average, but the pipeline is very good, very strong. And I would say similar to 12 months ago, maybe a little bit less, but not a lot. So given that we're behind on the first 6 months, I would expect us to be under last year's all-time record, but still a very strong recruiting pace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell from Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe just talking a little bit about recruiting expenses, how do we think, if we're looking at FA headcount growth and recruiting off a record year, I think you had 3 record years in a row, this year is a little bit starting to, I guess, the second derivative is starting to slow. Do we -- would we expect recruiting expenses to also slow in terms of the growth? Or is it not really that impactful because the bigger numbers, amortization, that takes time? Just help me think through the recruiting expense dynamic from this year and next if we're kind of at these levels.
Paul Reilly: Yes, so first of all, last year's record was a record above 2009. So we didn't have 3 years in a row. 2009 was our all-time record and then we beat it for last year. So although recruiting is still very strong, it's just not as good as last year's all-time record, so -- and certainly, if recruiting is slower, the expense is lower, both ACAT fees when we transfer client assets in, and outside recruiting fees, if we have to pay them. So those costs, those transfer costs, certainly hit the P&L when people move over. So our goal is not to have it slow down. But if it's slower, the expenses will be lower.
Jeff Julien: And the amortization of all the transition assistance related to that does have an impact on the comp ratio.
Jim Mitchell: Great. Well, I'm just trying to get a sense, does this help the margin if these expenses flatten out and the revenues continue to come on? It seems like it will naturally help the margin.
Jeff Julien: It helps the margin over time. It doesn't in the year or maybe the 2 years following the year you recruit the person. But once they have their business substantially over and have started using our other platforms, the bank, the Asset Management platforms, et cetera, and it radiates throughout the rest of the firm, they become incrementally profitable within a couple of years.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, thanks for that. And then maybe just a question on just on the progress on the West Coast. I know that's been an area of focus. It seems like you've had very good success on the East Coast, just any help in thinking about the progress in the West Coast would be great.
Paul Reilly: Yes, the progress is we continue to recruit. The pace is higher, but we've got a long way to go, because we're just starting, really, in that market being aggressively recruiting. So we're having more and more success, but we've got a lot of territory and opportunity there. So we continue to be very focused on it. We've increased our support out West. And so we still view it as a big opportunity for us.
Jim Mitchell: Do you think it needs sort of kind of like an Alex. Brown type deal to help jump start it, or do you feel you can still penetrate pretty well without that?
Paul Reilly: We have a number of independent -- we have many independent employee offices out there now. Almost all of our affiliation options are represented in the West. So if there was something out there that made sense, we -- I don't know what it would be.
Jeff Julien: If you know of one, please call us, Jim.
Paul Reilly: But we're long term, and I think our pace is picking up, the number of advisers on a percentage basis, the growth is good, but again, it's a small base, so we're continuing to work at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Jeff, back to your point around the margin, I guess when you talk about 18% being an acceptable margin I guess over time and well, clearly interest rate dynamics and markets will fluctuate and I get the fact that it's obviously going to impact margin in the quarter, but bigger picture, why is there a structural reason that your model can't have margin expansion over time?
Jeff Julien: Only because our mix of businesses, and this is back to me talking again. I don't think interest spreads are necessarily sustainable at these levels, particularly if the Fed is done with the rate hikes and there will be -- I think there will be continued pressure on client deposit rates for us to maintain any kind of acceptable level of client cash balances. So I think that will -- if we see some spread contraction there, even though we're growing the overall revenue base with the PCG business, and 18% is not just acceptable, that's excellent. I'd love to stay at 18% for the rest of our careers. But given our mix of businesses and that dynamic with interest rates that I foresee going forward at some point in time, I may be right. I haven't been yet for the last 3 or 4 years, but at some point, it may happen. That's why I'd be surprised if there's much room for margin expansion in the near term.
Paul Reilly: That's a challenge, when you have, whatever the number is, 65%, 2/3 of your revenues in compensation expense and you add 18% margin, and you've got less than 15% to operate the whole rest of your business, expenses, real estate, people, support. So you can always eke out a little, but there's not a lot of room in there. In our Private Client Group business, our second-biggest corporate expense is real estate. So you add that and put the people in and the people costs, those are hard to beat -- those are hard to move in the short term. You can move them in the short term, but there's a lot of consequences, on service levels and everything else if you do that. You can change payouts, but then there's consequences also. And we pay competitively, not at the highest, but we think we pay fairly and we're able to keep people because of the support, so it makes it tough to move that number a lot.
Alex Blostein: That's helpful. And then second question around just the current dynamic. So obviously, you guys talked about cash balances coming down in April. Any sense of where these stand today and then more specifically, looks like the bulk of the client cash outflows took place from third-party banks over the course of the quarter. Is that the dynamic you guys expect to continue, where kind of Ray Jay Bank balances remain fairly stable?
Jeff Julien: Again, it's continued through today. But at some point in time, we think it will level off. We don't know where that is and we're looking at doing some things that will help stem the tide on it that don't involve just purely raising rates to try to keep deposits here. So I don't know where that's going to bottom. It's continued to flow out a little bit every day. Not every day, but a little bit on average every day since the end of the quarter. But again, at some point, we'll reach that level at which people are going to move this investment cash to another location have done so and the money that's there is money awaiting investment.
Paul Reilly: I think your comment about it, what you see flow out of third-party, we feed the bank first. So you're going to see the delta really in that cash.
Jeff Julien: Yes, it's going to be in account and service fees. That will be the line impacted, as Raymond James Bank is, we accommodate its growth. It's the first one in the waterfall stack.
Alex Blostein: Right, so cash is kind of fungible. Got it. All right, one more, guys, for you, just on Fixed Income trading. Obviously, a quarter of improvement for the first time in a while. I understand that the backdrop sounds like got a little bit softer, but to what degree is the recovery in the muni market is helping you guys and if there's any sort of sustainability in that business? How should we think about that impacting your overall Fixed Income franchise within Cap Markets?
Paul Reilly: Yes, again, I think it's really more rate expectation. We do have a big part of that business is muni-oriented. But I think, again, the volatility is going to drive that more than anything else and to get a continued movement, or rate expectations. So you see in March 2 things. That volatility went up, but also, people's mind shift changed about investing long as the Fed announced they were considering slowing down and not giving rate. So there were a lot of people that went long that have been holding off going long, a lot of clients, and that certainly increased the appetite and certainly the volume for us. On the other hand, I mean not just on the revenue side, on the profit side, we have adjusted sales force and have taken cost actions there, where even at a downscaled business from a revenue standpoint, we are profitable. So I think a lot of firms are experiencing that we are, but not certainly the margins that we enjoyed a few years ago, but we do have it scaled for profitability and yet have kept the main heart of our group. So that if there is a market increase, we'll be able to take advantage of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: I hopped on a minute late here, but I don't think you touched on this. Just on M&A opportunities, I know you guys have interest in doing deals that can augment organic growth. But the question is, is there really anything out there in wealth management today? Are there any targets, meaning specific companies that you're in touch with, that might be a good fit, but really, I guess the timing will need to be right for them and the price needs to be right for you. But I'm just curious, really, if there is anything out there. And then would you actually look at something in the independent adviser side or is there strong preference in employee adviser models?
Paul Reilly: So there are certainly a handful of companies we think are strategically and culturally good fits. They're just not for sale, so we stay in touch with them. And if the point comes that they're interested, both whether they're independent or employed or both, we are ready, willing and able. There are also a lot of things we're looking at outside the Private Client Group. There's probably more opportunities in M&A and Asset Management in terms of certainly a number companies than there are in the Private Client Group side, as that group has just gotten much smaller. It's much more consolidated. So it's not the numbers, same number of firms, certainly, that there has been historically. So I think of the 60 companies that took us public, I think 8 names are still alive, including Alex. Brown, which we kept alive. So there's just fewer opportunities. So we're in touch, we're in dialogue and we have a corporate development department that's active. And again, it just has to line up.
Devin Ryan: That's helpful. And just one on the ClariVest, the kind of the full acquisition. I know it's a relatively small transaction, but can you just remind us how moving the ownership to 100% from 45% is going to impact the P&L? And then just whether that's contemplated in the expense commentary you laid out?
Jeff Julien: It'll impact our pretax income by a couple million dollars a quarter. And that's the extent of that. So that's the amount that was flowing through NCI related to the part we didn't own. But that's -- and the revenues and the expenses were already in our numbers, because it's been consolidated because of our control. We're not a majority ownership, but our control on the board and other things over some of the operations, where we've been consolidating, but the revenue and expense numbers won't -- you won't see any change. You'll just see lower NCI.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: On the Private Client Group fees that you really aren't seeing any fee pressure, can you share with us your internal estimate for the PCG advisory fee rate in the quarter and how this compares to historicals? Because we're back into a large decline sequentially and on a year-over-year basis, and the driver really is just mix shift. Can you help us better understand what you mean by mix shift there?
Paul Reilly: We didn't hear the first part of your question. You came in late, can you just...
Craig Siegenthaler: I can repeat it, if that's okay.
Paul Reilly: Yes, please do.
Craig Siegenthaler: All right. So earlier in the call, you responded to a question on Private Client Group fees. And I just wanted to understand what your fee rate is in the quarter for PCG advisory fees, and how that compares to historicals, just because we're back into a decline there. And then I think you said to a response to another question, that the driver really was mix shift. I just wanted to better understand what you guys meant by mix shift.
Jeff Julien: It's hard to say. You can pick one big average rate, and you can just take the revenue line off the PCG financial and divide it by the assets and that's probably what you're doing to see this decline. But it has to do with which types of programs they're in. We have a whole range of different types of fee-based programs, it depends. The mix really has to do more with are they heading more toward Fixed Income versus equity, which do have some impact on some of the programs, particularly in the managed programs. And then as I mentioned earlier, both the average account size makes a big difference as well, as we've seen the average account size of our accounts within the managed programs increase over time, which again, usually engender a smaller fee as you go up the scale. We're not seeing, and we're not seeing within any particular program or within any of our particular objectives or within our management programs -- our managed programs, we're not necessarily seeing a whole lot of fee pressure and decline. It's been a slow dribble for several years, but it's not been the pressure that it has been in years past.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then just as my follow-up, I heard your response to Alex's question on third-party bank deposits. But can you help us on the account and service fee line? What is the outlook for this line in the next couple of quarters?
Jeff Julien: Yes. So, I said in the very beginning of my comments, in that line item, we're going to see, at least so far, we've seen continued decline in the assets that are in those third-party banks. I think our spread could hold up. It's just a matter of whether the balance decline stops, reverses or continues. If we froze everything today, it would be slightly lower probably next quarter than it was this past quarter, because even though we have the same spread, the asset balances are slightly lower. So it's, that's strictly a combination of balance and spread-driven number. And at this point in time, the spread's constant and the balances are slightly lower. So again, if we froze it today, then it'll probably be down slightly in that particular aspect of account and service fees. There are some other fees and things that fall in that line item, but that's the primary one.
Paul Shoukry: Okay, well, I understand that's the last question, so we appreciate you all joining us this morning, and we'll talk to you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-01-24 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the earnings call for Raymond James Financial's Fiscal First Quarter of 2019. My name is John, and I’ll be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website. Now, I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Treasurer and Head-Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you John. Good morning and thank you all for joining us on this call. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following the prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, our ability to successfully recruit and integrate financial advisors, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, plans and future conditional verbs such as will, could and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K. During the call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures that may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. I know you're having a lot of weather up there in the Midwest and Northeast, and I want you to know we're empathetic here. Our temperature has plunged from 80 yesterday to 70 today. So anyway, hopefully, it will rebound as the market did a little bit in January. I'm going to go over the first quarter fiscal results and then I'm going to turn it over to Jeff who's going to give you some more detail, kind of color on the numbers and then I'll be back for a quick outlook. So overall, as we look at last quarter, we certainly had elevated volatility, market declines in December, market uncertainty. Given all that, I think we had a very strong quarter. Now there are lots of moving parts, so I hope we can provide some clarity to you on the call. Overall, we had a record quarter net revenue of $1.93 billion up 12% over prior year’s quarter and 2% over the preceding record quarter last quarter. We had broad-based growth in revenues. We had record quarterly revenues for the Private Client Group, the Asset Management Group and RJ Bank. The quarterly net income of $249 million or $1.69 per diluted share was up 15% over last year’s quarter, but down 5% over the preceding quarter. But if you recall, both the prior quarter and the proceeding quarter were impacted by adjustments including the Tax Act. So if you look at a more apples-to-apples, the adjusted net income of $264 million or $1.79 per diluted share for the quarter. This excludes the $15 million loss from the disposition of our European equity research business. Given MiFID II and our scale, we just felt it was not a good investment for us. However, I want to note we're continuing our highly successful North American equity research sales in Europe, which we've done for decades successfully. This also has no impact on our growth and investment in our European Investment Banking operations. But with that $15 million adjustment, we had adjusted net income was up 10% over last year's quarter adjusted net income quarter, and up 5% over the preceding quarter's adjusted net income. On the capital front, with the decline in markets during the quarter, which was very punitive for financial stocks, that gave us a great window for repurchases. We repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock or $458 million at an average price of $75.70. I know a lot of investors were sometimes frustrated believing that we worked return on equity, but I really think our patience and long-term view really pays off for shareholders and it should be a good return. Additionally, not only on repurchases, but we focused on growing our business both organically and looking for strategic acquisitions. As we've stated, we've been searching in the market for acquisition opportunities but to stay true to our discipline and our priorities being a cultural fit, strategic fit, something we can integrate and last but not the least and maybe sometimes the hardest the price has to be a good return for shareholders. Yesterday, we announced such an acquisition, Silver Lane. They're a boutique M&A firm with excellent expertise and relationships in both the Asset Management business and Wealth businesses and we expect to close by April 2019. Liz and her team are fantastic, and we welcome them to Raymond James. Overall, we believe we gave an outstanding annualized return. We had a 15.9% return on total equity or a 16.9% on an adjusted basis on total equity, not on tangible equity. So, I think that compares very favorably to our industry. Turning to the segments. Private Client Group record quarterly net revenues were $1.36 billion, a record quarterly pretax of a $164 million. Now for the quarter, most of our client, especially all of our client assets are billed quarterly in advance on the beginning balance that certainly helps us. And that more than offset decline in brokerage fees for the quarter. Private Client Group is also helped by short term interest rates and higher cash balances due to the volatility in December. Also, Private Client Group increased its account and service fees to Raymond James Bank. What we charge the bank for cash deposits. And that benefited the Private Client Group by $16 million for the quarter, but decreased Raymond James' pretax by $16 million and Jeff will explain kind of that charge and how it's calculated. Our domestic cash sweep balance was $46.8 billion, up 14% over last year's quarter and 6% over the preceding quarter. The decline of the equity markets negatively impacted our assets, our client assets under administration of $690.7 billion were basically flat with the year ago and down 9% sequentially. Our Private Client Group assets and fee-based accounts of $338.8 billion were up 7% from a year ago and down 8% sequentially. And we'll talk about the impact going forward a little bit later. The total number of advisors was 7,815 was up 278 over a year ago but only up 2% last quarter. Two advisors, I'm sorry, over the last quarter. Now recruiting was down a little bit off of last year's record pace, but still very robust and very strong pipelines. The real story for the quarter, as you always have some regrettable attrition and advisors that are asked to leave. But the real story for the quarter is we had 65 planned retirements, deaths or people that left the business which was elevated. Now in those situations, we retain the books as the books are given to other advisors or sold to other advisors. So, they usually higher number of retirements, which generally occurs after September 30 because of our fiscal year-end and the incentives and payouts, people tending to leave in this quarter was higher than normal. The pipeline though has stayed very strong for recruiting and we're still chasing our kind of 2019 records, but the pipeline is very, very good. Moreover, our retention remains, I think, extremely strong of our existing advisors. On the Capital Markets side, net revenues were $253 million and quarterly pre-tax of $12 million. Now, that $12 million was impacted by the $15 million loss associated with the European equities business sale. M&A was very strong, less than last quarter's record, but still a very strong quarter, and market volatility certainly helped with institutional equity brokerage, which was up 27% sequentially. Fixed income, like the rest of the industry, has remained very challenged due to the flat yield curve and low long-term rates. Brokerage revenue was down 23% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially. The Asset Management business with a record quarterly net revenue of $174 million matching last year's record pre-tax, last quarter's pre-tax of $64 million. Our financial assets under administration of $126.5 billion was down 3% over last year and 10% sequentially, again, largely due to the equity market declines in December. Carillon Tower Associates did experience some net outflows primarily due to two large account cancellations, one, we knew about well in advance and one more recent. Asset Management though continued to experience inflows in the fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group and also really driven by recruiting. Raymond James Bank net revenues of $203 million, was up 23% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially, really driven by continued loan growth to the Private Client Group and Capital Markets segments, really across many segments and certainly helped by higher short-term interest rates. The quarterly pre-tax income of $110 million was impacted by a higher loan loss provision and net increased fee I mentioned from the Private Client Group. Now, the loan loss provision was attributable really to loan growth and provision for certain downgrades in the quarter limited to a small number of credits across multiple industries. There is no indication of overall credit quality we just try to stay ahead on the reserve for credit for loans. In fact, if you look at our criticized loans as a percentage of total loans they declined from 1.32% a year ago, 1.18% last quarter to 1.13% this quarter. So, you see a declining percentage of criticized loans. So at this point, I'm going to turn it over to the longest serving S&P CFO in the country, Jeff Julien.
Jeff Julien: Thank you, Paul, I thank. First and foremost, this quarter was obviously this is being the first quarter, we presented in this new revenue format. So, for those of you who didn't have the benefit of the tutorial that we put on in December about this as well as the 8-K that we filed that sort of mapped the old line items to the new. Let me just state real quickly, the asset management and related administrative fees line, about 80% of that line represents the Private Client Group portion of fees from fee-based accounts, which are billed quarterly in advance, used to be in the line item called securities commissions and fees and the other 20% of that line item is what used to be investment advisory fees, which relate to the assets under discretionary management about, of those about 55% are billed in advanced, 25% on average balances and about 20% on ending balances. The line item brokerage revenues now, which consists of securities commissions and principal transactions includes the Private Client Group commission based activity, other than underwritings, which fall now into investment banking. Also includes the institutional commissions other than those related to our underwritings, which fall into investment banking. And also, includes a line item that was formerly there known as trading profits. All those are now caught up in what are called brokerage revenues. And then the investment banking line item are what the investment banking fee revenues that were always in that line is now includes the commissions, both to Private Client Group and institutional on underwriting activity and change, we're now grossing up the expenses related to transactions as we used to net them and give you a net revenue number, now those are grossed up in this line item. They are also in the other professional fees expense, that was about $6 million this quarter. A change in this line item tax credit fund revenues, that activity used to be in this line item. Now those revenues are now moved to other revenues. So, a lot of moving parts and partly because of that we thought it would be helpful, not just to you but to us to put in this segment P&Ls in the earnings release. We've always included them in the SEC filings. But I think it's useful to look at those as much as it is the overall income statement now to see where the variances really came from, but based on the models that we've seen from those of you who cover us, I would say it looks, by and large like you understand and understand the changes and they were reflected for the most part properly I believe. One other change I mentioned the professional fees, that's a new line item on the expense side. Other was getting a little bit large. So we found the largest line item in there that we could break out separately those professional fees include legal, outside legal fees, outside accounting fees, our auditing fees and non-IT related consulting fees, and we'll present that as a separate line item as to help provide some color for things that go into other. All that in mind turning to a comparison to what we'll call the consensus model. Actually asset management related administrative fees were actually very close to your estimates for the quarter. Brokerage revenue actually came in a little behind, possible there's no question that the commissionable activity in the Private Client Group side of the business continues to decline as there continues to be a shift towards fee-based activity. We did have a little bit of a spike in the quarter in the institutional equities side due to market volatility, but I'm suspicious that maybe some of the commissionable activity related to underwritings maybe in your models stayed in that line when in fact they are now to be included in the investment banking line. Speaking of which, the investment banking came in well ahead of your consensus perhaps partly because of that commission location, but also because toward the end of the quarter, once again we had very strong M&A activity, mostly in the last couple of weeks of the quarter. I guess people trying to meet year-end, calendar year-end deadlines for their tax and other reasons. The only other item on the revenue side that was – came in significantly ahead of projections was the net interest earnings. We did have a pretty significant surge in client cash balances, about $5.75 billion in the sweep balances for the quarter. That obviously fueled some of this net interest earnings. I will state that about, as of today, about $2 billion of that has turned around and gone back out through either fee billings for us or for redeployment into the market or into other higher yielding positional cash alternatives. So it's been ebbing and flowing, but at that point in time, we had a significant inflow. Further, we passed through I think about 50% of the September Fed rate hike to clients, which is higher than most of the competition. We have yet to react to the December Fed rate increase, as is the case with most of the Street, but we're – so going into this quarter, we – our spread has increased as well as balances going into the March quarter. But we'll see how that plays out for the rest of the quarter. But our overall net revenues were just 1% ahead of the net consensus, so pretty accurate forecasting there. On the expense side, communication – total comp expense came in at about 65.5% on a comp ratio about 100 basis points lower than our target. We're not really going to adjust our target at this time although we – as we typically only do it once a year, but that's a good result. So has a lot to do with the mix of revenues for the quarter with the net interest earnings kicking in and et cetera. So we'll talk a little bit more about that when we go talk about the going forward outlook. Communication and info processing actually came in lower than you expected. But it's actually kind of in line with what we expected because lo and behold, we re-classed a $4 million a quarter item down to other expense, really – really a fee we paid to an outside party just for omnibus recordkeeping, which is important to us because omnibus fees that we get from mutual funds is a significant revenue item, but we actually pay a third-party to do all that omnibus recordkeeping for us. And as like I said, it's about $4 million a quarter. So the guidance we gave you on the communication and info processing of averaging about $100 million will probably end up being something less than that for the year on average and certainly starting out low, we expect it to build throughout the year a little bit, but that $4 million a quarter item will now be down into the other lines. I mentioned professional fees, that have been broken out, that also includes by the way that $6 million gross up of deal expenses that we mentioned that happened the first – for the first time this quarter. So that's – looks inflated but so is the revenue side. Paul talked about the loan loss provision, I don't really have any more to add to that, we still feel that the overall credit situation is in very good shape at the Bank, a lot of these “downgrades” they're still within the past category. We have a grid that has about nine levels within the past category, and as they climb up that grid, there is a higher provision taken even though that metrics are well within the past guidelines. And then the other expense, it's still somewhat elevated, as I mentioned, we took the professional fees out, which was the biggest individual line. The other two line items that are of significance, if you remember, we used to have a line item called clearance and other costs for clearance and brokerage fees, that's in there, that's probably the largest line item. And then the other one is still our continued legal reserves or charges that we're taking as we go along and still have many items still in process. Kind of like the bank loan loss provision I'd say, and we're trying to stay ahead of that as best we can. A list of other items I think are worthy of noting. Share repurchases clearly had some impact on EPS in the December quarter, you can see the decline of a couple of million shares and weighted average fully diluted shares for the quarter versus the preceding quarter and will have even a greater impact in the March quarter as a lot of those shares were purchased later in the quarter. The comp ratio I have mentioned. But on a look-forward basis, I will caution that one of the things that happens seasonally every year is we get a FICA reset in the March quarter, that traditionally looks like – again this year we'll have something around a $7 million to $10 million impact on the March quarter versus the December quarter as all those that were over the FICA limit now are subject to it again for at least a period of time. The tax rate actually came in very close to guidance and consensus, but that was actually the net effect of a couple of items. We did have some significant losses in our COLI portfolio, which normally would drive the tax rate up as those are nondeductible losses. But in the December quarter, we also have the benefit of the equity vesting of our – of a large number of equity awards, we traditionally award our retention and compensatory awards in the December quarter following our fiscal year-end. And they have three, four or five year vesting period. So as those vest, we get the tax deduction on the appreciated value and that's – so as we've mentioned in prior calls, that's always the biggest in the December quarter. And that more or less offset the COLI loss impact for the quarter, so that 25%-ish rate still looks right on where we would be for the rest of the year, plus or minus future COLI impact. Capital ratios actually declined for the first time, actually our capital declined, we're not used to seeing shareholders' equity lower than the previous quarter, but obviously the share repurchases were the reason for that and the capital ratios declined a little bit, but obviously still in a place where people would say we're very, very healthy. The Bank net interest margin, there was a slight decline, but it's really due to holding the higher cash balance during the quarter. Because of the spread in cash balances that I mentioned earlier, we may get a temporary boost in the March quarter. But long-term, I think we're kind of in the same place in terms of guidance on the Bank's net interest margin around this level. And I think that at least a couple of reports to focusing on the net interest income growth as opposed to the Bank's NIM, I think is important, sequentially the Bank's net interest earnings were up 4% quarter-over-quarter. So whether it's in a large number of – a larger balance of lower yielding assets are deployed into higher yielding loans and we're trying to maximize the net interest income growth. Lastly, Paul mentioned this transfer charge between the Bank and Private Client Group for the sweep balances. Effectively, to say now at the Bank those are basically omnibus accounts. The Bank doesn't do any of the recordkeeping on those, it's all – it's all the raising of the money, supporting of the accounts, the omnibus accounting et cetera, et cetera, is all done at the broker-dealer. And there is a per account charge from the Bank back to the Private Client Group for the provision of those deposits. And we based on – to reflect current economics, we adjusted that rate starting October 1. I mentioned this last call, and I told you it'd be around $60 million it looked like for the year. For this particular quarter, you can see this on the Private Client Group income statement, the fee from Raymond James Bank increased $16 million, about $14 million of that $16 million was due to this rate change and the balance was due to an increase in the number of accounts. So I think that is something that they have no consolidated effect as these eliminate, but certainly impacts the P&Ls of those two segments to some extent. Little long-winded, I apologize, but a lot of changes going on in this particular quarter. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Paul for an outlook going forward.
Paul Reilly: Thanks Jeff. I'm sure everybody found that exciting. So don't apologize. A little bit outlook, given the market, it's kind of hard to give little bit – to give outlooks. But we can tell you what we know and what we think we see. So in the Private Client Group, certainly our fee-based assets are down 8% at the end of the quarter. So that's going to lower our starting fee billing. So that's certainly going to be a headwind in the Private Client Group. However, the increase in cash balances and although $2 billion were redeployed, roughly half of that's in our fees that are paid out of cash usually to clients. There's also probably a lot of tax harvesting where people go out of the market and come back in at the end of the quarter and other deployments in the cash. We don't know what's going to happen with that net increase, but if you take that net increase and add it to the higher short-term interest rates, that could supplement – could replace that revenue, depends what the balances are going to be, we'll have to see during the year. And a reminder, those cash balances aren't compensatory. So they do have a positive impact on the net. It's a better net revenue and it also will have a positive effect on lowering the comp ratio. So we'll just have to see where that balance comes out. Financial recruiting pipeline is robust across all channels. And our retention, if people leave, they tend to leave at the end of the quarter and the fiscal year, just it's a cleaner time and there is no indication of anything, but retention continuing as we really focused on making this a great place for our advisors. Capital Markets, the M&A pipeline still very strong. The big question is probably underwriting between the markets and the government shutdown at the SEC, who knows. So – but certainly the M&A pipeline looks good. Silver Lane, we're excited about that addition, but closing by April, that financial event will really impact more next quarter in terms of revenue and expenses, given closing if it closes before that. Fixed income, like the rest of the industry, will be challenged I think. As long as the yield curve is flat and long-term rates are low, that's going to continue to be a tough business. I believe our people are doing a great job of managing the costs and managing inventories at a very good risk levels. So there I think they're doing everything they could – can do. The asset management, the businesses are starting – financial assets under management are down 10% sequentially. So we're starting lower, we had some recovery in January. Jeff talked about how they are billed. So it's hard to predict. Certainly, they're going to start at a lower revenue base and the rest of the billings will depend on the markets. Flows for asset management should be helped by continued client recruiting. So given everything – the net – we should have net inflows with recruiting. RJ Bank, we expect to continue loan growth, January was down a little bit, but I think if you look at the C&I markets and our Private Client Group markets, we see attractive loans at attractive margins. So my guess is, we'll see growth there and we're pleased with the credit quality and certainly rising interest rates as the portfolio reset should help too. So we think that'll be a tailwind for the Bank. Capital deployment, so we'll continue our buyback philosophy of looking at managing dilution but also opportunistic buybacks and we will be patient, but we will act when we have an opportunity. The full impact, as Jeff mentioned, of stock repurchases in terms of fully diluted shares will be seen next quarter. So that should be a tailwind too for the numbers. And we continue to aggressively look for acquisitions, yet progressive on the looking, but very disciplined on pulling the trigger on those. So Jeff also mentioned the first quarter market kind of headwinds on expenses, typically elevated especially like FICA and meeting fees, we have a big equity capital markets meeting in March which will hit this quarter. So I'm very optimistic really about our positioning. We are looking to manage our costs in these volatile markets, but still invest long-term in areas like technology and other areas that are important. So our recruiting is very attractive and we'll continue to look for acquisitions to deploy capital where they make sense. So with that…
Jeff Julien: Let me add, if I can Paul, just two more quick comments for those doing modeling going forward. In the communication and info processing line, if you remember, there is a seasonal factor that I forgot to mention that in the March quarter, we always have our 1099 mailings and our year-end summary statements to clients and et cetera, et cetera. That generally adds about $2 million to that communication line in the March quarter. Just as a reminder, and Paul mentioned the meetings in the business development line, we've kind of given guidance that it's going to be between 45 and 50 lower at the beginning of the year, higher at the end of the year. I think we came in right on that, it should build as the year goes as to later quarters of our fiscal year are more replete with trips and conferences than the early quarters. In fact, this quarter we had almost none of that. So we do expect that expense line item to build as we've given guidance before throughout the year.
Paul Reilly: Great. Okay. John, we're going to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning, guys. How are you?
Paul Reilly: Good.
Devin Ryan: Okay, good. So first question just on capital. Obviously, we all saw the aggressive repurchases in the quarter and so trying to think about after that pace in that level, how you guys would frame the excess capital position of the company today, like how do you feel like your capitalized and then how much is excess? And then with the stock price where it is here, understanding it can move, how are you thinking about kind of toggling between repurchases or kind of building capital for M&A? And just the last piece of that question is, we all saw the [indiscernible] in the markets, I'm curious if that sparks more activity on the M&A side in wealth management?
Paul Reilly: So I would define our capital is less than it was a quarter ago as we've repurchased. Certainly, we have excess capital, we prefer to deploy it in acquisitions, and we are working hard on them. But I'll tell you that the pricing is important, we just don't, whether it's recruiting, a lot of firms have upped their front money and we just have not followed suit. So – and it's same in acquisitions. If we believe people are overpaying – I'm not referring to any particular acquisition, but we're going to hold back. So we're going to stay disciplined. We felt the stock was at very attractive price and have we not run out of 10b-5, part of that during the blackout period, we might have had more, but we're just going to stay disciplined. I don't think you're going to see a big change. We're going to opportunistically buy when it's a good price and be aggressive than when it's not, we're not going to do it, just to do it. So our preference has always been acquisitions. We do look at a lot and then when we find them we pull the trigger. So I don't see a big change in our approach. We just hope we've demonstrated we are willing to do it when we have the opportunity.
Devin Ryan: Absolutely. Okay, a quick follow-up here just on the legal reserves that have been affecting results the last few quarters. Can you just – I know there's a methodology there in terms of the kind of the accrual, but can you just give us any sense of the magnitude. Has it been similar in recent quarters? Was it similar this quarter to last quarter? And I know there's this kind of list of things that you're accruing for. Do you think we're in kind of a new normal of higher legal reserves and we're just kind of working through an existing list and ultimately what I'm getting is just trying to think about modeling kind of the other expense? I know that's lumpy, but kind of how we should be thinking about that taking into consideration the regulatory and the legal reserves.
Jeff Julien: Yes, we kind of – we have a methodology, when we have claims come in, depending on the size, we put an initial reserve, and like – just almost like a bank loan. And then as we get in more information, we evaluate it and say okay, given legal advice and everything else, what do we think has been appropriate reserve. And we don't – we'd rather – we'd rather have it adequately reserved than non-reserved, so we try to stay ahead of it and that's hard to do. So, hopefully this is elevated, but I can't tell you it’s not, but we try to stay ahead of the cases that we know about and you don't know what's around the corner. But hopefully, these last couple of quarters have been elevated and we think it will go down some, but –
Devin Ryan: Okay. I don't know if it's possible to give any orders of magnitude or just given some guidance on the other expense just whether excluding legal or anything you can do to help us with that?
Paul Reilly: Now it's – we've said it's been elevated about $10 million and ish, so I don't know if that's a run rate means we'll get all $10 million or it's going to be $5 million or $6 million in the environment and our downturns in the industry tend to bring up more cases, so it's hard to model. But I think it's been running about $10 million higher than we thought, but I don't know if that – if I would credit the whole $10 million long-term, it's just too hard to tell.
Devin Ryan: Yes, I appreciate the color. Thanks, Paul.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Christian Bolu from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, guys. Just firstly, question on the 65 – 65 advisors that retired or I think died, you mentioned. Can you give us more detail on just the process and economics tied to those assets? Is Raymond James buying the book and allocate it back to advisors? How do the economics work? And if you've given the books back to the advisors, do they have a slightly different payout ratio given they're not the ones that built the book? Just trying to understand the whole process, economics et cetera.
Paul Reilly: So, on our firm clients own their books. So we don't – we don't. So typically on a planned retirement versus a death, which generally isn't planned, the advisor would sell their books or give their books to their team or to another advisor if they're selling their practice. So with those planned retirements, there's generally a succession and they're either – the succession has already started and the books are moving when the advisor officially retires or there is a sale and they get out of business. So most advisors will transition over time, but when they drop their registration and out, they come off our list, so there's no real change in economics to us, the buying advisor or the recipient advisor may have different economics or maybe paying the successor advisor, but there is no difference to Raymond James and that's usually the same. Hopefully, not all advisors have a catastrophic plan if it's unexpected or a retirement plan filed with us and those again would go to the successor advisors, and the economics would be the same to the firm. So we're not – we're not buying them and then reselling them, they're really – the advisors are essentially doing that.
Christian Bolu: Got it. Very helpful. And then just to follow up on the earlier question around capital return. I guess parent capital and parent cash, I think used to be restriction here, so how much parent cash is left? And then Tier 1 leverage at the Bank, is 7% still the best way to think about the minimum – management minimum?
Paul Reilly: Cash has been more limiting than capital but we're – I think we have pretty good cash and if you look forward give outside of given a severe downturn, cash will continue to build and capital will continue to build, so we're cognizant of that, of both in our looks to deploy capital. So I don't – I can't really give you a number on excess capital –
Jeff Julien: Let's not forget it's very material and we disclose that in the Qs. I mean, it's still in the neighborhood of $1 billion and which is kind of our target cash on hand at the parent level.
Christian Bolu: Got it. Okay. And then just a couple of clean-up questions here from me. On the European research business, any chance you can give us like the revenues and cost for that business to sort of figure out the financial impact, go forward? And then on Silver Lane, similar, any color on revenues, expenses or maybe historic growth rates of that business?
Paul Reilly: Yes. That business wasn't a large business and operated at a loss, but it wasn't a huge number. So I think you're – I couldn't tell you what they are off hand, but I don't really think they're big enough to impact your model.
Jeff Julien: I don't think you'll notice it.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Both of them, European research and Silver Lane?
Jeff Julien: On European, we don't think you'll notice European loan loss of that.
Christian Bolu: Okay, all right.
Paul Reilly: Silver Lane, we haven't disclosed anything yet so in terms of revenue or financials or…
Christian Bolu: Just so I'm clear, which one was – what's one at a loss, European Research or Silver Lane?
Paul Reilly: European Research, European Equity Research was not a profitable business for us and we didn't have scale, especially in MiFID. The U.S. Research business in Europe is profitable, it's been there for decades. Again, not a huge number relative to the whole firm, but it's been a very good business and the European M&A businesses has been – is growing and hopefully we'll continue to grow that. So – but the European equities business, the part that we disposed of, was not a large number, and it wasn't profitable, but again not it numbers.
Jeff Julien: And we certainly hope you'll notice Silver Lane in the M&A line.
Christian Bolu: Well, yes.
Paul Reilly: We have high expectations that is a very good business and good deal.
Christian Bolu: Okay, any chance we get any sort of revenue expense numbers ahead of time just to give us a ballpark here?
Paul Reilly: Yes, we'll see what we'll disclose here. So we're still in closing phase with Silver Lane here.
Christian Bolu: All right. Thank you very much, guys.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Steven Chubak from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Steve.
Steven Chubak: I wanted to start off with a question on the comp ratio. Jeff, I appreciate the fact that you're hesitant to adjust your comp target of 66.5 just given the time of year. Having said that, the reported comp continues to surprise positively, not just this quarter but four consecutive quarters of comp below 66 even when absorbing higher advisor recruitment which you cited as well as the FICA expense in the year-ago March quarter. And I was hoping you could just provide some color on some of the drivers that you're seeing of those sustained comp surprises, whether we should expect to see a decline in the comp ratio versus 2018, which came in closer to 69 – 65.9 I believe. Just given some of the positive momentum, it feels like you should be in a position given some of the tailwinds you cited to deliver some positive comp leverage.
Jeff Julien: Chris, I think this is simple thing is just interest. Steve, I'm sorry, it's just interest. Interest doesn't have a really a comp cost to us, so the surprises have been as that's become a bigger part of the revenue, it's positively impacted that ratio.
Paul Reilly: It could well come in at or below what last year fiscal year was. I mean, the biggest – a big swing factor in that is how much independent contractor production there is, we have that dynamic where there are more than 80% type payout level, which is distorting our comp ratio relative to peers, but if recruiting, which has been very good there, production is accelerating in the contractor side relative to the employee side, that distorts it to some extent as well as the mix of other revenues that come in. Right now the mix is such that it's going to be trending downward, we'll have this FICA impact as I mentioned this next quarter, but when we revise our targets, which we typically only really do annually rather than every quarter, we're giving you an outlook, but we typically only formally at the Investor Analyst Day kind of revise our outlook for the coming 12 months. I mean, it may go – well go down at that time.
Steven Chubak: Got it. Maybe just a question on loan growth, continued on a healthy pace this quarter overall. But we did see a pretty decent decline in C&I, it was just a bit of a surprise given industry C&I lending in the Fed H8 data actually suggested broad-based strength, and I was hoping just given some of the light late cycle fears surrounding commercial loan risk, you have pretty heavy gearing to the asset class. I was hoping you could speak to your appetite to grow the loan book from here, especially in light of the higher provision build than some of the credit downgrades we saw in the quarter.
Steve Raney: Hey, Steve. This is Steve Raney. Good morning.
Steven Chubak: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Raney: Yes. So the C&I book, as you know, it's our biggest asset class. We do expect to grow it. Over time, I would expect it to grow at a slower rate than our private client banking assets, residential mortgages and SBL. We're just continuing to be very selective. I would say that the C&I market has probably been and has continued to be more volatile than the rest of the sectors that we focus on, and just, we're going to be real disciplined relative to returns that we can generate in that business and really focused a lot on how we could be accretive to the rest of the firm, particularly investment banking clients, that we'll continue, we've got a big infrastructure, a lot of expertise around C&I lending and that will be continued to be a big focus for ours, growing at a probably a slower rate than the rest of the asset class.
Jeff Julien: It's not that we're not seeing C&I deal flow. It's just that, as Steve mentioned, we're just being really selective on which credits means spreads tightened during the quarter. They've since loosened again, but they tightened during the quarter, we’re not – they don't meet our hurdle rates or they're too levered or they're in industries we're not fond of et cetera. We passed and we still declined a significant percentage of loans that are introduced to us.
Steven Chubak: Got it. And I'm sure speaking for other investors and some what we've been hearing, I think I'll appreciate that discipline, given where we are in the cycle. Just one more follow-up from me on the deposit outlook. Positive repricing trends have surprised positively, 50% beta is certainly better than what we had expected. And I was hoping you could provide some color just on how you're thinking about deposit pricing from here given the favorable beta trends and more specifically in an environment where the Fed actually pauses in 2019. Do you expect deposit pricing to continue to grind higher in that type of environment?
Paul Reilly: Again, we can give you every prediction. We've been wrong since we started predicting. We do know, we've raised, we're near the top of about most categories. So we haven't been aggressive on this last increase because, so we think we're treating clients fairly. Having said that, spreads are records and positional money market funds are paying higher rates and that's going to be a competitive pressure. So we are going to react to the market, what we have to do to compete effectively and we've been surprised that the rate increases in the industry have been slower overall, but as you know for short-term cash if that's where clients want to put their money and we are not just going to raise rates to raise them, but I think we've been pretty disciplined. You see that we're – I think we've – we always get in trouble when we say what we think versus how we react. I mean, we are trying to be competitive and fair, but we're not trying to be leaders to support everybody along, which I think everybody thought we were going there. So we'll continue to be as disciplined as we have been and my suspect is that in time there's wide spreads, over time they get narrowed. So – but we'll see. I mean, it's slower than we thought.
Jeff Julien: Since we have such a poor batting average, I'll give you my outlook. I would say if the Fed is really finished for now and short-term rates are where they are for the rest of this fiscal year, my guess is there will still be selective increases to client rates over the course of the year, which will bring spreads in a little bit from where they are today. Maybe not materially, but in a little bit.
Steven Chubak: Thanks for taking questions.
Paul Reilly: Hope Jeff is wrong again, but we'll see.
Jeff Julien: Yes, and I'd actually like to see one more increase, then we'll be where we need to be.
Steven Chubak: Thanks very much.
Jeff Julien: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, guys, good morning. A question – first question just on that new asset trends. I know Paul, you mentioned what you're seeing in terms of the headcount growth in FAs for this quarter being slightly flattish. But I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about net new asset trends backing into it feels a little bit more subdued versus what we've seen in prior quarters. Is it essentially just market volatility? Or is there something else going on, and more importantly, if you guys could highlight what you've seen so far in January in terms of new assets and FA recruiting?
Paul Reilly: Yes, so FA recruiting, again, I think the pipelines are robust. I think we're coming off a record year. So I'm not going to say after we set an all-time record that we can match it. We hope we beat it. But we're a little behind last year, but we see no reason why we still don't have robust recruiting. So I don't think flows certainly times where we have less recruiting in a quarter. The asset built maybe a little slower, although it takes advisors a while to bring over all their assets. So I don't think you see anything outside of a month that was down for the reasons we said and market volatility where people are more cautious. I think it's more of a short-term trend, we expect recruiting to have a very good year, may not beat the record of last year, but we still think it would be a very good year
Alex Blostein: Got you. And then I guess on expense outlook. So, I heard you obviously about the commentary around the comp rate. But if we are in a bit of a choppier market backdrop and obviously the first quarter fees is starting off at a lower run rate, can you guys talk a little bit about the flexibility on the non-comp side and what are some of the things you could do to protect the margins for the business, if the markets are a little choppier from here?
Paul Reilly: Yes, so we've already – we can manage expenses just in a volatile market. We've kind of slowed down hiring of some positions. Although, we are still in a net add position which we have been already in this market, thus lowering the open positions and saying, what are we really need to drive the business long-term versus what's nice to have and we're going through that exercise. A big expense is IT and our position right now is where we are in the markets as those investments are going to be very positive to the future. So we want to do those. If the markets got much worse, we could delayed projects, certainly slow that down. Certainly, our bonuses and most of the people in the firm, including advisors who are tied to their production are certainly variable. So if results come off because of the market, certainly both headcount replacement and bonuses will be different than they are in good year. So there is some build in expense adjustments and we are modifying kind of some of the builds, but we're not doing anything at this point that I'd call really getting and cutting things that we think are strategic or long term.
Jeff Julien: On the other line, where we've got some significant degree of flexibility is in the business development and we can in really bad times, obviously we took steps to delay trip served conferences and things like that, but there's also some branding expenses and image advertising and things like that that we could make decisions on in that line item, every year as well. So there is some discretionary spend there and in IT and certainly in the administrative comp lines.
Paul Reilly: I think also – we've also historically have performed very well in the downturn, so both and – I think our comp model is pretty variable and we're also fine because of our capitalization, have always found opportunities good prices. So we – it's more fun in the up times. But we're not afraid of managing through the down times. It's just not as much fun.
Alex Blostein: Yes, that makes sense. Just a clean-up question on the Bank side. Jeff, heard your comments around the deposit betas and I guess you're implying you're thinking there might be a little bit of pressure in the near term as kind of December hike catches up. On the assets side of the balance sheet, if we are going to start talking about lower interest rates, what's the appetite to maybe extend duration a little bit to lock in slightly better rates today versus I guess waiting to just kind of see what happens with the curve?
Jeff Julien: I know you mentioned that. We had that conversation yesterday in the Bank's ALCO meeting. I think that while there may be, first of all, we got to believe we're getting paid to do it. And right now, you go out an extra year or two, you're really not picking up much in the way of yield. But secondarily, we're low to go out for anything that has a lot of extension risk. So, while the securities portfolio weighted average life may tick up a little bit, we don't want the extension risk to tick up much because we could be wrong about rates just as we have been so far. So we're not really out to take much more duration risk than we already are in the company. It's not just our way to bet on rates one way or the other. So we will probably continue in my guess our fairly short-term ladder, we're certainly not going out long.
Paul Reilly: But we are continuing to grow the securities portfolio, as we've been doing. We're going to continue on that path, but probably not doing it via going out a little bit longer on the curve as Jeff just mentioned.
Jeff Julien: We just don't get paid to do it, I mean, there is a risk that rates keep going. I mean – someday I think may go – now rates may long – short rates may go to 5% or 6%, we don't know.
Paul Reilly: If we find the spread and opportunity, I would think it's a reasonable risk, we will, but we see no reason to do it. I think that our view right now being really aggressive is just borrowing against long-term earnings than moving them up short term, because you're taking the risk certainly as rates move up. So they will someday have idea but – and we're just – we just try to manage the business as neutral as we can.
Alex Blostein: Yes, it all makes sense, great, thanks guys.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Jim Mitchell from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Jim Mitchell: Hey, good morning. And Paul, thanks for rubbing the 70-degree weather in our face – just maybe going to the Bank, I appreciate the commentary on cash balances coming down a couple of billion, how do we think about the Bank as you try to grow deposits and securities portfolio, if I look at the period end balance sheet, it was up $2 billion, average balances were up $1 billion. So should we, given your desire to keep growing that, should we assume that some pretty good momentum from an average balance perspective into 1Q or if you've seen deposit runoff there, I guess is the first question? And secondly on the deposits and the growth in the securities portfolio, how much do you have left in that sort of targeted $6 billion growth number or has that changed?
Jeff Julien: Well, I'll answer the last one first. We're about halfway to the $6 billion and again that we can accelerate or decelerate that as opportunities arise. But there's not, and no real magic to the timeframe or even the $6 billion amount if the opportunities present themselves to do something different. In terms of balance sheet growth, I think the cash balance swings around as client cash balances come into the firm and on balance sheet or go off balance sheet or out of the firm. It really has to do – the main driver of our total balance sheet growth has been net loan growth, which is projected to be maybe in the 8% to 9% per year in the – on the Bank's balance sheet, so $1.5 billion to $2 billion a year. And that's really where the growth is going to be, like I said, cash is in and out, it happens to be high at the end of December, but that's really going to be the driver right now of the overall firm's balance sheet growth.
Jim Mitchell: So – but have you seen any of that cash come back down after the spike in December in the Bank as well?
Jeff Julien: Yes. I mentioned that earlier. We have the $5.75 billion that came in the December quarter, we had about $2 billion up through today flow back out, hardly…
Jim Mitchell: Split between the sweep accounts and the Bank?
Steve Raney: Jim, we control that – the amount that comes to Raymond James Bank with the third-party banks receiving the difference. So we to certain extent control as Jeff was just alluding to the growth rate of the loans portfolio as well as securities we want to be able to fund those assets as well as keep an ample amount of liquidity and we can control that level that comes to our institution.
Paul Reilly: We anticipate we're going to fund the Bank's growth unless there's a major downturn in cash.
Jeff Julien: But typically, the swings have been kind of both at the same time, but until we do a rebalancing.
Jim Mitchell: Great. Got it. And then maybe follow-up on expenses, if recruiting after record year it's sort of flat even maybe even down a little from a record year, how much of it positive or lack of a negative is that for expenses or do you still have sort of follow-on growth in recruiting expenses or should we expect recruiting expenses to turn flat this year versus last year?
Jeff Julien: I think you saw a little bit of that in the December quarter when you saw the business development expense line down below where we had guided at the 45 to 50 range. But because there's less movement in ACAT fees and headhunter fees and all the fees associated with that, it's – but it's only a only a minor setback, and there still was pretty good recruiting on the top line, it was just the retirements etcetera on the back side going out. So, but if it did truly slow down, you'd see a modest impact on that business development line, but that's not as big a factor in that line item as trips and conferences and some of the other bigger expenditures.
Jim Mitchell: And I guess you don't see much change in the amortization right away?
Paul Reilly: Not up to the run.
Jim Mitchell: Right, okay.
Paul Reilly: John, hello?
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Harris: Thanks. Hi guys.
Paul Reilly: Chris?
Chris Harris: With respect to that PCG brokerage revenues, we know customer cash balances went up a lot in the quarter. And presumably that was customers moving out of the market. Why wouldn't that have a bigger benefit on that line item?
Paul Reilly: So it's not brokerage accounts, lot of it are fee-based accounts just going to cash too, so we're still in fee-based accounts. And so there is no brokerage commission on that, it's just kind of reduction in the fees that we're paying. So just as more – as more and more gets into fee-based accounts, the activities getting fee-based and you just don't see it.
Chris Harris: Right, as you, I you follow that I mean, is this reallocation within a fee-based account, so the revenue still is impacted in the asset management fee line currently.
Jeff Julien: You got to remember also within brokerage revenues, Chris, it's not all transactional, the mutual funds are variable, annuities are market-based too, so the trailing commissions are negatively impacted in down equity markets.
Chris Harris: Yes. Okay, understood. And then just one quick follow-up, in Capital Markets, good to hear that the backlog in M&A is still robust. Based on the size of that backlog, do you guys think you can still have growth in I banking revenues this year. If the government shutdown persists for some period of time?
Paul Reilly: I think we can have growth with M&A, whether we have growth in underwritings and the government stays shut down, that would be hard to do. Now we don't have a – with now that we're coming off a huge number from last year, wasn't the best year for underwriting anyway , so – but certainly if it stays shut down, it's going to have an impact. There will be probably some catch-up with the markets reasonable that opens up but you know it's hard without the SEC not too many people are going to issue with them close.
Chris Harris: Okay, thanks guys.
Paul Reilly: All right.
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Bill Katz from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Okay, thank you very much for taking the questions, just a couple of cleanups for me at this point, if you look at the advisory yield on those assets, that ratio seems to be blending lower on a pretty persistent basis. Obviously a lot of market volatility in the last quarter or so, how do you think about the direction of that ratio between asset gathering and the yield just given mix or business conditions or pricing, just trying to get a sense of how to think about that line item going forward?
Jeff Julien: Well, if you get a choppy market like this, you will see probably higher allocations to fixed income. So you're going to see probably a little lower fees plus the addition of the Scout Reams which is largely institutional fixed income as that becomes a bigger part of our assets under management. I think that's been a big reason for the lower trend to this point. And as – it depends on people's risk-on risk-off appetites for the most part and where we focused – where we're focusing our business, it's always historically has been a small mid cap equity operation for us and it's now certainly a bigger percentage fixed income.
Bill Katz: Yeah, maybe I wasn't clear in my question, I apologize, I was just sort of thinking maybe on the within the Private Client business, if you look at the split between the advisory assets and brokerage assets, they looked related revenues. I think that ratio has been blending down on the advisory side, so I was just sort of wondering is there something about the incremental assets that are coming in, that are just priced more thinly to Ray Jay or is it just – just the impact of a volatile choppy market and the ins and outs of assets and client activity.
Jeff Julien: I think over time what we've been recruiting larger and larger financial advisors and also have larger and larger clients and so on average in the fee-based accounts, if you have a larger account, it's going to have a lower yield. Now the absolute dollars are obviously higher, but the yield for larger accounts in fee-based are going to be on average higher than smaller accounts. I think that's a trend you've seen over time. And then the yields also impacted by the shift to cash as well. There is a billing mechanism that adjusts for certain levels of cash in fee-based accounts.
Bill Katz: Great, thank you.
Jeff Julien: Any other questions, John?
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. You may continue.
Paul Reilly: Great. Okay. We know there is a lot of moving parts here, but I believe we have a strong quarter – we had a very good quarter in. Although there are choppy markets, I think we're in good position and we appreciate you joining in the call and we're going to get back to work. Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. And this includes today's conference call. You may now disconnect and thank you all participating.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-10-25 08:15:00) =====
Executives: Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc. Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc. Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Analysts: Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. William Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Devin Ryan - JMP Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial's Fiscal Fourth Quarter of 2018. My name is Phyllis and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website. Now I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning and thank all of you for joining us on this call this morning. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, our ability to successfully recruit and integrate financial advisors, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, plans and future conditional verbs such as will, could and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that forward-looking statements are subject to risks and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q which are available on our website. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. So we've certainly had an interesting week in the market especially for financials and I know a lot of you will have some questions kind of on our quarter. So I'd like to start first with kind of just a perspective on the quarter and the year. The bottom line, we had a good quarter. We had record revenue and record profits and on the back of a very good year, again, with record revenue and record profits. But most importantly, we ended with record level of client assets under administration, record financial assets under administration, record level of bank loans, record number of FAs and these are the metrics that really drive our business going forward. I believe we're in good shape heading into the 2019 fiscal year. However, the equity market volatility and direction certainly raises some questions and certainly we'll talk about cash balances and deposit betas throughout the industry have some question. First, let me reflect on the quarter and the year and then I'm going to turn over to Jeff Julien who's going to go over some detail on line items and will discuss maybe some run rate on some of those line items. First, for the quarter, we had record net revenues of $1.9 billion, up 12% year-over-year and 3% over the preceding quarter. We had record net income of $262.7 million or $1.76 per fully diluted share, and adjusted net income of $250.8 million or $1.68 per diluted share up 14% year-over-year, and 8% over the preceding quarter. The variance to the consensus models was almost entirely driven by two lines, our valuation write-downs, which I'll let Jeff talk about, and really our other expenses. Really the biggest line variance was legal and regulatory. And that is always the one that's hard for us to estimate. Throughout the year, we always have various cases and we have to evaluate them as we get more information, and we try to reserve what we believe is the right levels, so as we get more information we often adjust those reserves. So we believe the run rate is lower than what we've experienced in the last two quarters, but it's an inherently unpredictable and episodic type of line, so it makes it very hard for us to predict or give you guidance on a quarterly basis. Turning to the fiscal year, our net revenue of $7.27 billion, up 14% over last year, and our net income of $856.7 million, up 35% over last year. And, if you look at our adjusted net of $964.8 million, it's up 26%. Now, lower tax rate certainly helped almost everyone over the last year in all industries, but if you take a look even at our pre-tax income of $1.3 billion was up 42% over last year, and our adjusted pre-tax was up 17% over last year, so good, solid even non-adjusted tax earnings for the firm. If you look at our ROE of 14.4% and our adjusted ROE of 16% for the year, we had very good I think ROEs considering our strong capital position. And again we measure our ROEs on total capital, not on tangible. Most importantly, as I said before, we ended the fiscal year with record quarterly client assets under administration of $790.4 billion, up 14% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. Record quarterly financial assets under management of $140.9 billion, up 46% year-over-year, which was aided by the Scout and Reams acquisition, but up 4% sequentially. Record quarterly financial advisors of 7,813, up over 6% year-over-year and over 4.5% really just from organic recruiting, a fantastic record recruiting year, which I'll talk a little bit more later, and net loans of $19.5 billion with strong credit metrics. And so overall, all of our future growth drivers are in good shape. I'm going to spend a second on the four segments before I turn it over to Jeff. Private Client Group record revenue for the year and the quarter, up 15% over 2017. Record pre-tax year, but down quarterly due to other expenses that we'll get into a little bit with Jeff. We had record recruiting, and by our count, over $300 million in trailing 12. And just to put that in perspective, that's a little bigger than the Alex. Brown acquisition and that was just through recruiting. And on top of that, with regrettable attrition still staying under our 1% target. So a really fantastic organic growth in Private Client Group. Fee-based accounts up 24% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. In the Capital Markets business, we had record investment banking revenue of $155 million for the quarter or $441 million for the year. It was really driven by record M&A for the quarter and the year. And great performances, particularly by our Tech Services, Health Care, and Real Estate where we had our largest fee. Plus, really our Mummert acquisition has really increased our cross-border activity. Tax credit funds really surged. They had 60% of their production really in this quarter for the year and that's because we had really a delay. If you remember with the Tax Act changes people were slow to kind of tax adjust the value of credits, and as that worked its way through, we've really caught back up. And we think we'll see kind of a similar run rate, not for the quarter, but over the year next year. But it was a little bit of a catch-up quarter for them. Equity underwriting remains challenged, given our historical strength in real estate and energy, which has had headwinds, so it was a challenging year for us there. Public Finance was almost flat, which was a big plus given the advance refundings, almost 30% of the Public Finance business kind of went away with the Tax Act. Fixed Income still remains very, very challenging, both with low rates and a flat yield curve. But I'm very proud of our team, they've done a great job of managing costs and inventories, given a very, very difficult environment. Asset Management, record quarterly and yearly net revenues and pre-tax. We had record quarterly financial assets under management, it was up 46%, aided again by the Scout and Reams, $27 billion during the year, but even sequentially, another 4% gain. Raymond James Bank, record net revenue and pre-tax for the quarter and the year. Record net loans, as I talked about earlier, up 15% year-over-year and 3% even sequentially. So NIM improved during the year, a little slightly in last quarter. I'll let Jeff get into that, there's a lot of moving parts. But very good credit quality, as criticized loans were down 12% for the year. So overall, great metrics, strong year and quarter despite two items that Jeff will now go into some more details before I talk a little more about outlook. So Jeff?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. Let me jump right in. I have a fairly long list today starting with our largest revenue item. There's some detailed breakdown between PCG and Capital Markets on pages 9 and 10 of the release of securities commissions and fees. You can see for Private Client Group we had nice gains for the quarter, year-over-year and sequentially. The shift to fee-based accounts which really peaked about a year ago in light of it at that time pending DOL rule has continued for the first part of this past year and it's at a slower rate now but there's still a bias toward fee-based assets. And so basically within that PCG line item, fee growth overcame what we've seen for the last several quarters in the way of a transaction decline or decline in transactional-based revenues. So the fee growth has continued. By way of kind of looking forward, you can see that fee-based assets in Private Client Group accounts were up 7% sequentially, June to September, which gives us kind of a good start billing-wise for the December quarter, so those are all billed quarterly in advance. And on those same pages within Capital Markets you can see the continued weakness, the year-to-date comparison on page 10 really shows that best as both equity and fixed income declined year-over-year on the commission side. Paul mentioned the investment banking line which came in ahead of expectations driven by record M&A fees both for the quarter and year-to-date, though certainly the fourth quarter surge and tax credit fund fees was a contributor as well. But again, if you look at the year-over-year detail on page 10 you can see underwriting revenues down 27% for the year, which certainly presents an opportunity for us going forward. Investment advisory fee, although a very large number, it's pretty highly predictable and very correlated obviously to assets under management and that was pretty much right in line with expectations of everyone, so not a lot to say about that line item itself. I do have quite a few things to say about interest, however, and there are several interrelated factors. Let me first start with sweep balances which are shown on page 12 of the release. You can see they're down about $2 billion for the year as clients have been seeking higher-yielding alternatives. And this is not unique to us. This is industry-wide. But that certainly has implications for our net interest earnings, as well as account and service fees – as I'll talk about in a second – as well as longer term considerations, we use that generally as the financing vehicle for our bank's growth. With respect to geography, 47% of the sweep balances are now going to Raymond James Bank, which is on balance sheet. We're actually comfortable going somewhat higher in terms of a percentage to the bank and if it's for purposes of growing the liquid securities portfolio. And by comparison, many of our peers are substantially higher in terms of the percentage of their cash balances being swept to their proprietary banks. And that, obviously, at the bank level generates interest income. Those balances swept to outside banks, which are off balance sheet, actually generate fee income for the company. And that's included in the account and service fee line. On page 12 you can see the shift as we continue to grow Raymond James Bank throughout the year, the decline in cash balances that, I mentioned earlier, really, was fully absorbed by the third-party banks, which actually lowered – over the course of the year lowered our fee income in that account and service fee line. The third aspect of interest earnings has to do with rate spreads and our – our friend, the deposit beta. With respect to third-party banks, we had an interesting dynamic this most recent quarter which, actually, was picked up in a couple of your reports in that the – we have about 30% of our earnings side within the outside bank sweeps tied to LIBOR, the rest tied to the Fed funds effective rate. Interestingly, those two have not moved directly in sync. They spread between LIBOR, and Fed funds effective rate actually narrowed in July following the June rate increase and stayed more narrow during the September quarter than it had been previously. Conversely, we benefited from an extraordinarily wide spread between the two in the December and March quarters. So, as a result, that fee from outside banks not only was impacted by lower balances, but it was also impacted by those that are tied to LIBOR relative to our deposit rate we're being paid. The narrowing of that caused another compression, to some extent, in that. When that caused, what I would – I would say those were the primary reasons that there was a – we missed your expectations on the account and service fee line between the balances and the compression of that spread between LIBOR and Fed funds effective. With respect to the NIM at the bank, that' also impacted by that same LIBOR, Fed funds dynamic. Again, their deposits and our bank sweep program are based – generally we set those rates pretty statically throughout the quarter across all of our deposit product's CIP in the bank sweep internally and those that are going externally. But a lot of their assets, particularly the C&I loan portfolio, is pegged to LIBOR and when that tightens relative to Fed funds, you're going to see the same dynamic and that really was the reason that the bank net interest margin compressed a few basis points during the quarter. And you can really see that very clearly on Page 13 where we have the interest rate analysis for the bank. You can see that the C&I loan portfolio, the yield on those assets went up only 4 basis points whereas the cost of funds went up significantly more than that versus the preceding quarter. And that's just a result of that dynamic that I just mentioned. Let me talk about the deposit beta. Yeah, for the last two Fed rate hikes, we've averaged about 50% deposit beta. Going forward, we actually continue to believe that at some point there will be some compression in spreads likely, when the Fed is through with this cycle of raises, so at some point we believe that the deposit beta will be greater than 100%. I don't know when that will occur. I think I mentioned at Analyst Investor Day, and I think I'm still of the opinion that as long as the Fed is continuing their quarterly rate hikes then we have at least an opportunity to maintain something close to our existing spreads. But again, when that music stops my guess is there will still be competition for those deposits. At that point I think we might start seeing compression, so it's just a matter, in my opinion, of when that happens, whether it's in fiscal 2019-2020 or possibly never, so. Other revenues, as Paul pointed out, that was one of the two line items that caused really the entire miss for the quarter. It was obviously negatively impacted by this private equity valuation write-down, really related to three separate investments. There wasn't a one investment only involved. It was partially offset by noncontrolling interests and several smaller items, which were all negative for the quarter. But it wasn't just the $11.9 million net write-down. I mean we've become accustomed, unfortunately maybe even complacent, that we've been realizing numbers between typically a few million and up to $10 million and – $10 million or $12 million per quarter profits from all these private equity investments. So it's really the swing from going from about a $5 million or $10 million gain in the quarter to a $12 million loss, which really was the difference in that line item versus expectation. So it's $15 million to $20 million swing. On the expense side, compensation, comp ratio came in very nicely for the quarter at 65.2% and it came in at 65.9% for the year. We're actually going to stay with our target of 66.5% or less for now. We have some aggressive hiring plans in certain support areas as we continue to grow the sales force. PCG comp has moved up slightly due to grid creep as people have become more productive. And we're hiring FAs at higher and higher levels of production, and certainly with the successful hiring we have more amortization up-front money deals. And, so to me those are good expenses because they relate to growth, but it will cause some pressure on the comp ratio, so we're going to stick with our previous target for now. The communication and info processing line, we ended slightly above our guidance. We came in at $91.5 million for the quarter, we thought it would be $90-ish. In total dollars, it was up 18% over 2017. We do not see a similar rate of increase for next year. We think it will probably be more in the 10% range. For next year, we have a number of things underway, or course, involving FA desktop, onboarding systems, enterprise financial reporting systems, data security, regulatory tools, et cetera, et cetera. A lot of which are in progress and that's going to stop. So when we sorted it all out and looked at what's going to come online and begin amortizing and things like that for next year? Right now our best estimate is that that line will be up about 10%, as I mentioned, which takes us from this $91 million level to about $100 million a quarter for next year. But, again that's subject to what the market's doing and our overall results are doing. Some of that's controllable a lot of that is not. In the business development line, I'm happy to say it came in right in line with our previous quarter's revised guidance, where I said it would be between $45 million and $50 million a quarter, trending toward the higher end in the June and September quarters when we've got the majority of our conferences and trips and lower in the other quarters, came in at $48 million-ish, I think, $47 million, for the quarter, right in the middle of that range, which is a good result. I think that we're going to stick with that guidance for next year. December will probably be the lowest of the year, and June and September will still be the two that are the highest. And March is somewhere in the middle because it's got some – March and December should be on the low end and June and September should be on the high end, kind of similar to this year. The bank loan loss provision was somewhat consistent with expectations, looked a little high when you look at the net loan growth with our 1% allowance, particularly in light of the improved credit metrics which are shown on page 12 of the release. But the fact is, during the quarter we had a couple of what I'll call special reserves, particularly I'll mention one related to the hurricane-affected areas in the Carolinas from Florence. And this coming quarter we'll evaluate whether we need to do something similar for Michael for whatever loans we have outstanding in the Panhandle. But beyond that, there weren't a lot of surprises in the loan loss provision. And then other expenses, Paul touched on this line to some extent. We thought that the preceding quarter's legal and regulatory reserves were elevated. Well, we managed to surpass that a little bit this quarter. There are other things in there, obviously, besides legal and regulatory reserves. But that's the dominant factor. But there are consulting fees and some of the recurring expenses that just continue to go up as we grow. But for next year when we look at what our expectations might be, excluding any outsized legal reserves which are, of course, an unknown, we would expect this line to average in the high-70s to $80 million, up from what was our previous run rate of $72 million a quarter for last year, ended up being a lot higher than that with these last two quarters. So, another one that's up about 10% or so from a year in terms of our run rate. I'd like to touch on the tax rate for a moment. The adjusted tax rate for Q4 was a little bit high at 28.8%. But for the year, because of some adjustments we made, still trying to perfect or refine our estimates relative to the Tax Act. But the adjusted rate of 26.7% for the year was actually slightly below our 27% to 28% guidance number. For 2019, bear in mind, given our September fiscal year-end, we had a blended tax rate for federal purposes at 24.5% last year. That drops to 21% for fiscal 2019, so we'll get the full benefit of that lower federal statutory rate, plus we're – so we're basically projecting a combined state and federal rate of somewhere between 24% to 25% for next year. That's without taking into account whatever might happen with COLI. And I'd just remind everybody while the federal rate was lowered to 21% it's not really the effective rate because several items have now become nondeductible, including a lot of entertainment expenses, a good portion of our FDIC premiums, some executive comp, et cetera, et cetera, things that were deductible that are no longer. So the 21% really is 21%, but it's certainly going to be lower than it was this year. So versus our targets that we set forth last year, I'm kind of pleased to say they were all met except for the Private Client Group margin. And we've talked about some of the things that impacted that. That's obviously where the legal and regulatory accruals are heading. Interestingly, the shift of client cash sweeps to Raymond James Bank actually is a cost, if you want to call it that, the Private Client Group, because they earned that entire accountant service fee from outside banks, but when we shifted to the bank, they get reimbursed just for the administrative cost of maintaining the sweep accounts, et cetera, so it actually ended up with lower revenues. So that shift from outside banks to Raymond James Bank actually was a negative to the Private Client Group segment, not to the company as a whole. For 2019, I want to just mention we have kind of recomputed the appropriate charge from the bank to Private Client Group for generating and maintaining all these sweep balances and accounts, and that the re-computation is going to result in about a $60 million additional payment from the bank to the Private Client Group next year, which will – no consolidated impact on the company at all, but that will impact the segments for those of you who model on a segment basis. And lastly that, as I mentioned before, there's been some comp increase in PCG from the grid creep and the rate amortization of note. So bottom line, we're going to maintain our targets at this time, but that's based on current deposit beta and our current spread kind of being maintained throughout fiscal 2019, and probably more at-risk a flattish equity market because, obviously, the quarterly billings and all are a big part of the Private Client Group revenue stream. A couple other points. One, share repurchases. We mentioned that we began repurchasing shares during the September quarter. We ended up purchasing just over 400,000 shares as we begin to offset dilution. We've talked about this in the past. And we hope to continue that throughout the year to get closer to offsetting dilution for the entire year. Lastly, the revenue recognition standard, we're about the last adopter, I guess, given our fiscal year. This standard will actually not have a real big impact on revenues and expenses, it will have no impact at all to segments or the bottom line. But what will change is the look and line items within our P&L. So sometime in late November we'll be providing an 8-K – we'll be filing an 8-K which will provide eight quarters of our results, trailing eight quarters in the new format. And, obviously, we will make ourselves available to discuss what the composition of each of those new line items is, et cetera, with any of you who have questions on that. So there'll be a little bit of a new look and feel, but shouldn't be a lot of change to the overall results. Back to Paul.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. We know we have a lot going on and – well, I'm sure, questions, so I'll try to sum up fairly quickly. As we look for the quarter at the segments, the Private Client Group, first we're starting up with fee-based assets up 7%. And that business we do bill quarterly in advance, so we should have some tailwinds in that segment from that. But, of course, we'll see what happens with client cash in this market, which will have some effect on interest. And Jeff talked about the change to the bank. But maybe more importantly is the recruiting pipeline still remains robust. We're coming off a record year. It took us from 2009, maybe in the down – down year to our best year to beat our recruiting record. But certainly the backlog looks very, very good and expect recruiting to still continue at a robust pace. And Capital Markets, we're optimistic about the M&A backlog. Again, a little bit – that's market-dependent. So hopefully this week was a little bit of an anomaly. And Underwriting coming off maybe a low base, looks like it's improving. So we're hopeful that we get a little bit lift off that bottom. Fixed income is still really tough, I mean with the flat yield curve and these rates. Even with the volatility we've experienced lately, it's still just a tough market or people are watching and waiting. So we expect that to still be a tough part of that segment and weakness in institutional commissions and trading profits with this curve we expect to continue in the segment. Asset Management, we're coming off a great year. We believe we'll still have continued inflows, especially as we recruit financial advisors and they continue to join. Now, one of the tailwinds maybe there is that business is billed on average balances or quarter-end balances, so the market could have – take a toll on that depending what it does here going forward. At Raymond James Bank, we had record loans and an attractive NIM. Short-term increases in September should help, but again the LIBOR movement Jeff talked about is really going to be the biggest impact on spreads there. But we're looking at still remaining very disciplined in our underwriting and keeping the positions, so we'll just see what happens in that market as we go forward. But again, feel good about that. So net-net, I believe we're well positioned coming off the year and into the quarter. The business is in good shape, but we're cognizant we're into a 10-year bull market, and markets could correct for a period of time, certainly affects our business. And cash dynamics are certainly interesting. A lot of times when you have these corrections, cash comes up, we'll see what happens. But we're seeing pressure on interest rates throughout the financial system, so again, the cash and interest beta will certainly impact results. We are in a conservative capital position, so we always ask ourselves what happens, are we ready for bad markets? And I believe we're in good shape to be opportunistic if it's a tough market and in good financial position. So, with that, I'll thank you for joining the call, and I'll turn it over to Phyllis and we'll get to your questions. Phyllis?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.
Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, good morning.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC: So Jeff, I just want to start off with a question on the account and service fee line, I thought you guys provided some really helpful detail there. It looks like the revenues are down about 8% sequentially, the balances on third-party sweep down a commensurate amount. I know you had talked about LIBOR driving some more muted expansion in that third-party sweep yield. I'm just wondering as we look ahead, if Fed funds and LIBOR move in tandem and betas stay below a 100%, would it be reasonable to expect some additional expansion in that yield at least in the near to intermediate term?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. It certainly is possible. Bear in mind, that account and service fee that we show there is net. That's net of what's paid to clients, it's net of the servicing fee we pay to the company that – Promontory (33:28) that does the action. So it's also certainly impacted by the deposit beta. But is it reasonable to expect that? Yeah. It certainly is possible. I don't know how to handicap it.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Long term they kind of move in tandem but short term the spreads come in and out, so.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: And again, that's only 30% of those balances and 70% are tied to Fed funds effective which is more correlated with how we set deposit rates.
Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. And, I'm sorry guys, I can't help myself, but I have to ask a question on share buyback and capital deployment. So if you look at the last time you had done some meaningful share repurchase, it was fiscal 2Q 2016. Shares were trading a little bit above 12 times. Now you're trading at a meaningful discount to those levels. Nice to see some share buyback in the quarter, although realistically your capital ratios continue to drift higher and didn't make much of a dent in the share count. And just given all the positives that you highlighted in terms of what you're seeing in your business, recruitment, organic growth, how you're thinking about the stock at these levels, maybe what's the rationale for not pursuing more aggressive buyback here?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: But we think our stock yesterday was lower than it was a couple weeks ago, so. But the – our capital...
Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC: Not much better entry point (34:47).
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. Our capital plan hasn't changed. We kind of told you we were on to a share dilution repurchase program which we're committed to. We haven't changed that strategy unless the board decides differently. But I assume we're going to continue on that. And we're looking for still opportunistic deployments of capital. We've been active in looking for those opportunities but we're pretty disciplined on that. And the one good side of a down market, it may create more of those opportunities. The market recovers, that's fine. We're going to stay disciplined. And so I think you're going to see us target to repurchase – do enough repurchases to take dilution and be opportunistic if we think the stock drops at really attractive prices. So with that, we haven't changed that plan that we announced last year, so, for a couple quarters.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. And buying back dilution equates to something around – I'll say just under 2 million shares a year. So 1.8 million to 2 million shares a year. So if that gives you some kind of guidance. I don't know if it'll be ratable per quarter, like obviously as the stock gets less expensive, probably you'd see it accelerate and vice versa.
Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And maybe just as we think about capital management, Paul you made some remarks about how the markets come in, you might see some potential properties or assets trading at more attractive valuations. What's your appetite for M&A at the moment? Where do you see the most attractive opportunities for deployment here?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Our appetite for M&A hasn't changed. But we're still looking for opportunities in the Private Client Group, Asset Management, mergers & acquisitions. And when we find the right opportunities that are cultural fits or strategic and a good price, we'll execute. So it just tends that pricing sometimes gets more competitive in down-market and it gives us more opportunities. So we're not rooting for a terrible market so we have opportunities, but if that happens, I think we're well positioned. So we've been active this year, we just have to find the right opportunities. And so we're talking to top – firms that we think could add to our capacity and strategically and execution ability all the time. So that hasn't changed, so we just have to find the right trigger.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Not that we're rooting for a bad market, but two of the silver linings are that it creates some good opportunities, typically in the acquisition space, but a second, it does, as Paul mentioned earlier, typically raise clients' allocations to cash, which would certainly be a welcome reprieve from the trend we've experienced.
Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. I mean just one quick follow-up for me. Jeff, since you made that last remark on client cash dynamics, since we've seen the correction here in October and it's been at least sustained for a number of weeks, have you seen any changes in terms of client cash allocations?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Not yet, but it's just pretty early to see that. Actually, for the last several months, we've kind of seen a bouncing along at the same level, so maybe we've kind of found a bottom anyway. Really what's happening is as we continue to have successful recruiting results, new clients and cash balances coming in have somewhat been offsetting those that are moving to higher yielding alternatives. But if we're going to see a reallocation, we haven't seen it in a meaningful way yet, but it's still pretty early in this volatility cycle here. It's only about a week in so, well, we'll know a lot more in a few weeks.
Steven Chubak - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. Thank you both for the update and yeah, I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey. Good morning.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Hi, Jim.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey. Maybe just talk a little bit – I think you noted, Jeff, that you think you would be willing to kind of go drift above your sort of self-imposed cap of 50% of client deposits on the balance sheet. Is there a new limit? How do we think about what that capacity is? I mean certainly you have enough capital to do it, so how do we think about what your internal kind of thought process is around how big you could do that?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: We kind of view the 50% limitation really as a constraint on what the bank deploys in the loans, which are less liquid. If they're going to just turn around and invest in liquid short-term securities, high quality, and not really any credit risk to them, yeah, that they still are a source of liquidity if the bank needs it. So we're sort of excluding those from the computation altogether. But you did trigger another thought in my mind, Jim, is that one of the guidance numbers we've typically talked about has to do with the bank's NIM. It should drift down a few basis points this quarter. And back to the previous question regarding the LIBOR, Fed funds spread is a little hard to predict. But my guess is, particularly if we continue to grow the securities portfolio ratably over time, that the bank's NIM is going to be kind of in this 3.20% to 3.25%-ish range, that's – maybe it's a bigger range than that maybe is 3.15% to 3.30% type of range given our loan mix and depending how fast the securities portfolio grows over time. So that's kind of where we think that would be. Sorry to deviate from your question.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got it. No, that's fine. All good.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: And just remember that we talked about the NIM coming in at the bank if we put it into securities. But overall, we'll have higher earnings. That's why...
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Higher earnings and higher ROE, just a lower NIM.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Lower NIM (41:01). Yeah.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right. So you're not seeing much of an impact in this quarter from sort of the increase in LIBOR that we saw? It flattened out in 3Q, but it has sort of increased off late. But it's sort of a mix issue is what you're saying not...
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. We haven't seen yet, but bear in mind, all the loan repricings are typically either at 30-day anniversaries or 90-day anniversaries, depending whether they pick the one- or three-month LIBOR as their base. So a lot of those even didn't hit from last quarter's rate hike, and we haven't hit, until they repriced more recently, so and a lot of them – they also continue to hit throughout the quarter, which is – you'd say you lag a little on the way up but you also lag a little on the way down, which actually would help you. So those are on anniversaries as those don't reprice overnight.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right. Okay. Maybe just one other question on the FA recruiting. You talked about, I guess, for the full year the level of recruiting was trailing 12 months about $300 million in – I guess in production. How much of that has been onboarded already? Is there still quite a bit of pipeline to go around the new FAs?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: There's always kind of a year – it's interesting, some people can bring it over right away, I mean in the first 90 days and some – but typically take a year-ish. So we're – as you hire and they're lagging in, so there's still some tailwinds behind that...
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: And in this year we had a lot that were in last year's number that still came on during the course of this year.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: So it might be almost close to that if the recruiting stays at the same pace, just spread out a little bit.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
William Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much for taking my question this morning. On the potential yields coming off of the client assets, if you could maybe talk to some of the trends you're seeing between the managed fees portfolio versus the brokerage? Look like retail revenues overall were a little soft of where we were thinking about. I'm just trying to understand if there's any sort of pricing pressure activity issues going within the assets themselves?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: I'm not quite – total sure, Bill, of the question. I think where we're seeing – we're seeing cash movements in the money markets and other instruments, we don't have – a lot of the big banks have tiered programs where they'll go into their – the demand deposits to their – money market, to their super money market, to their CDs, to the – and you can see the big banks certainly pricing going up, in our deposit program so for. You can see where we've been averaging about half of that deposit beta. The cash we're losing looks – I mean out of the sweep, really looks like it's going into money markets within our system. So we earn less off of those but that pressure continues. But I'm not sure exactly what you're drilling on the... (44:19)
Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah, I think – maybe you're talking about the revenue. This is Paul Shoukry. The revenue yield on fee-based accounts versus commission-based accounts in the Private Client Group.
William Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Exactly.
Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: I'd say for the fee-based accounts, that revenue yield has been pretty consistent over time. As those accounts grow in size, both with market appreciation and just larger clients, you would see that yield come down just based on the larger account sizes. In the commission based accounts, as Jeff mentioned in his opening remarks, they have been pretty subdued in terms of transactional commissions, but then you get the market appreciation. So when you look at the revenue yield with subdued transactional commissions over higher asset levels, then the yield does go down on those to your point.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: The only caveat I would add to that is that when you get market volatility like we've had, typically that does increase transactional activity to some extent. Again, it's too early for us to know that, but if that stays – remains the case throughout the quarter, we may see a slight pickup, even in transactional activity we'll have to wait and see.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: But our fee-based continues to grow so – as a percentage, so it's less impacted than it used to be.
William Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right. Sorry if my question wasn't clear. Second question is you'd given I think some sort of view of how you sort of see the quarters playing out in terms of the business development, but I didn't hear – maybe I missed this, if I did, I apologize. Did you give a growth rate that you expect to see relative to the seasonal pattern?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Well, that $45 million to $50 million a quarter range is up from we used to average in the low-40s. So it's yet another expense that's up probably a 10% plus. Just again, it's – that one has a lot of controllable expenses in it. However, I will point out if our fortunes reverse here to some extent, there are a lot of conferences, trips, things like that that are in there, advertising, branding, things like that that we can control, and so that one's a more controllable line item. But based on our current level of operations, we still think that rather than averaging in that $40 million or $42 million range as it did last year, it's probably going to be between $45 million and $50 million for the year, and that is an increase from where it has been running.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: I think that one of the dynamics that – and people talked about our expense growth – when you recruit FAs, you don't get all the revenue day 1, but you have them in a branch, you hire their assistants, you hire the support, you need compliance, oversight. We have a lot of expenses that – we have to onboard them, I mean, we have a lot of expenses that really almost are a little ahead of the revenue flow. So as long as we're continuing to recruit, you're going to see those kind of expense growths continue too. So that's what I call the cost of doing the business. And until those – the assets are over and the branches are filled and all of that, you really don't get any leverage off of that, so.
William Katz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Hey, great. Good morning, everyone.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Devin.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Hey, Devin.
Devin Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: I guess another expense question here. I heard the comments on all the ranges that you gave, and it sounds like all of that's based on the expectation of another strong recruiting pipeline as well. And so want to pose a hypothetical here. To the extent you had a quarter where you didn't recruit any financial advisors, which hopefully isn't near, can you maybe just give us any sense of how much lower expenses would be? Or maybe say it differently, when you have these big recruiting quarters like last several, and again, I know there's a lot of kind of lumpy expenses and it's not always a mechanical, but can you remind us of kind of the big buckets that are impacted? Just really trying to think about kind of the incremental expense in the system here as a function of what is a really good situation on recruiting.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Devin, on a quarter it's pretty hard to react because we're building infrastructure and costs up as part of the business plan, anticipating the recruiting. So if the music stopped, you would – some of the transition expenses and stuff would stop, but we'd still have support, we'd still have all the things; recruiting, all the kind of the – what I'll call semi-fixed costs in place. Over time we would adjust. We'd adjust in terms of head count. We could adjust in terms of bonuses, payouts. But over a quarter if the music stopped, the expenses wouldn't really be any lower.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: And if you're asking on the first year. So, if you're talking about if recruiting really slowed down dramatically, you'd see probably lower – less in the business development with fewer headhunter fees and ACAT fees and things like that. And you'd see – eventually, you'd see less in comp as we have less amortization of some of the signing deals. But as Paul said, it'd take a while for that thing to work through the snake to really have a meaningful impact on a lot of other line items.
Devin Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Yeah. Understood. No, I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up here. Just maybe a little historical perspective around financial advisor recruiting, when we hit patches of volatility that the last, for – call it several months, when we have a little period of sustained volatility, does recruiting get impacted, or what's kind of in the psyche of advisors? And then maybe a step further, in an economic downturn does recruiting shift? Or would you expect it would shift as people take a pause?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: I guess, two pieces. Our best year until this year was 2009. So, it certainly tells your advisors are willing to move, and in fact, we actually had to put a limit on recruiting back and then this is what we could handle. So certainly, I think advisors, during times of volatility, they're going to question – they're spending a lot of time with clients, so explain what's going on, so there may be an episodic slowdown for a period of time, but I don't think it really changes much our recruiting sprint. And over the last decade, it's continued to grow since the recovery. So you could have episodic periods of where people are going to slow down just because they're distracted or busy. And we also, though, have a lot of people that are attracted to our value proposition versus where they are today, and I don't think that changes, but certainly it can be interrupted for a short period of time.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah, Devin, it seems like it used to be more sensitive to economic environment than it is today. Now I think it seems to have more to do with what's going on at the competition or where they currently are than it used to, because typically they didn't move that much in good times, they didn't want to upset their revenue stream and risk their clients not coming over, et cetera, et cetera. But we've had good times for a lot of years and it hasn't slowed down the recruiting at all because it's had more to do with what's happening at the firm that they're at, yeah, so it seems to have more to do with them feeling like they're in the right place to do their business than it does with the particular environment at this point.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: But it could, it could have an impact. It's just too early to tell how sustained and what the expectations are, but I don't think it has. It would be more of a pause during the changes – so I think a change in the trend at this time.
Devin Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you. And then, I apologize if I missed this, but just quick on the tax credits business. I know you kind of get back to the full year level just on the back of this last quarter. And so I know that's a lumpy business. But just for modeling purposes, how should we think about maybe a starting point? Is this kind of $50 million-ish kind of level you guys have been doing still kind of a reasonable level? Or just any other help you can give us there would be appreciated.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah, I think that it probably won't be very different than the annual run rate this year. I mean, it's really driven by bank's need for CRA credits, and that hasn't gone away. So we would think it wouldn't deviate significantly from their current annual run rate. This last quarter was a catch-up from a lot of things that they had in progress, so I would annualize the last quarter.
Devin Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Yeah. I get that one. Great, I appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thanks, Devin.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Well, great. Well, l thanks, Phyllis. We appreciate everyone joining the call and we're anxiously watching the market – I don't know – we're not really anxious, but we're watching the markets like everyone else, so looking forward to an interesting quarter, but believe we're in a strong position to execute no matter where the market goes. So thanks for your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-07-26 10:08:00) =====
Executives: Paul Reilly - Chairman & CEO Jeffrey Julien - EVP of Finance, CFO & Treasurer Steven Raney - President & CEO of Raymond James Bank Paul Shoukry - IR
Analysts: Ann Dai - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group Devin Ryan - JMP Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial's Fiscal Third Quarter of 2018. My name is Rae, and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's Web site. Now I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Treasure and Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Rae, and thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I’ll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, our ability to successfully recruit and integrate financial advisors, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, plans and future conditional verbs as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that forward-looking statements are subject to risks and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Q which are available on our Web site. During today's call, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I’m actually calling you from Orlando, Florida where we have our Private Client Group employee division’s summer development conference which is a conference full of educational and communicational opportunity for our advisors. And unique to the Raymond James’ culture, we actually have slightly more children under 18 than advisors attending. It’s a family-oriented event. Really highlights the difference in the Raymond James culture and we believe it is part of the reason you see such low turnover statistics in our Private Client Group because of our culture. This morning, I’m going to kind of give some highlights over the results and I’m going to turn it over to Jeff Julien who will go over some of the details especially in the expense items which I know you’re going to have questions about, and then I’ll close with a little bit about the outlook for next quarter before we turn it over to you for questions. So in looking at the tone of really looking at the call, I think the results are better than they appear. The revenue drivers were all very strong and we did have certain elevated expense items that we believe were higher this quarter than they will be going forward and hopefully some of them were temporarily elevated, but we’ll get into that in a little bit. First, I want to start by our revenue metrics I believe were very, very strong, 1.84 billion, up 13% over last year’s quarter and up 1% sequentially. In fact, we have quarterly net revenue records in three of our four business segments, including the Private Client Group, the Bank and Asset Management. Capital Markets in the ECM side had very strong numbers which we’ll talk about in the segment, but really held back by a tough fixed income market environment where the fixed income division is really struggling given the environment; doing well versus competitors but struggling. I think most importantly if you look at the end of the third quarter, if you look at our key go-forward drivers, we ended with record assets under administration of 754.3 billion, up 14% over last year’s quarter, up 3% sequentially even more than the market relative to that quarter. We had assets under management of 135.5 billion, up 49% but of course that included the Scout and Reams acquisition versus a year ago quarter but up 2% sequentially, again good numbers given the market. We had record number of FAs of 7,719, up 115 in this quarter alone. We’re in a record recruiting pace this year and record net loans at the Bank of $19 billion and also an interest rate hike in June which should trail through in the next quarter. So I’m very pleased overall with our revenue and asset growth and positioning going forward. The sequential decline in our income I’m sure was a bit disappointing but let me touch on some of the reasons and Jeff will get into more detail so you’ll have perspective. Our quarterly net income of 232.3 million was up 27% over a year ago quarter, down 4% sequentially where we earned a $1.55 per fully diluted share, up 25% over a year ago quarter and down 5% sequentially. The sequential decline was really almost entirely resulting in two areas this quarter; one was business development and the other one was other expenses. I would call the business development line mainly good kind of expenses. Part of it is the timing of our conferences and recognition events where we’re going to give more guidance on that because they are lumpy and they were elevated last quarter because of two big events. But also significant recruiting and on-boarding expenses, about 115 advisors plus a new correspondent from which all should be great investments going forward. These are lumpy as to timing and they’re really investments for the long term. Other expenses were not as positive of the cost but they were really driven by legal and regulatory expenses. They were lumpy and hopefully not recurring. We believe that again the annual run rate will be a better number than this quarter. They just happened to be a number of things that lumped into this quarter. We also had some continuing consulting and audit fees. Since these fees are lumpy we believe going forward as a run rate that the year-to-date run rate is more accurate really than the quarterly run rate. But Jeff will get into those in detail. Before I turn it to Jeff, I’ll briefly touch on our segments. The Private Client Group numbers were really driven by record recruiting pace and retention. Our retention continues to really be our strategic advantage keeping our great existing advisors. We’re on track for a record recruiting year really across all of our affiliation options. Growth in fee-based assets were up 24% over last year’s quarter and 6% sequentially. Fee-based assets today account for about 48% of all our Private Client Group assets and about 16% of the total securities commissions in the segment. The rise in short-term interest rates in June really should help go forward as long as we can maintain cash balances that Jeff will talk about in a little bit. And again, I’ve already addressed kind of the business development and other expenses which were really incurred in this segment. In the Capital Markets segment, the equity capital markets had a very good quarter, investment banking revenues of 115 million really driven by strong record M&A. And sometimes when you runoff a good quarter like we did this year, this quarter at M&A you worry about the backlog. The backlog remains very strong. In fact, our first month of July was good. However, institutional fixed income commissions and trading profits continue to be challenged. And as long as there’s low volatility in interest rates in this flattening yield curve, they should be continued to be challenged over the tough quarter for them. In the Asset Management Group, they had both record quarterly net revenues and record quarterly pre-tax income. They ended the quarter with record assets under management of 135.5 billion and that was really driven first by great Private Client Group recruiting as recruits come over and they often move some of their clients’ money into those accounts. There is an increased use of fee-based assets as an industry trend and certainly with us and market appreciation. Carillon Towers Advisors also managed a reasonable positive inflow for the year, especially given a challenging active management environment. And the retention of Scout and Reams assets continue to exceed our expectations. So we’re pretty – things look well in Asset Management. The Bank had a record quarterly net revenue and a record quarterly pre-tax. Record loans of $19 billion, up 14% over last year’s quarter and 5% sequentially. The loan growth was broad based but we’ve had particularly good results in the Private Client Group related loans including our securities-based loans and mortgages continue to grow. The NIM also increased to 330 bps, up 16 bps over last year’s quarter and 9 bps sequentially driven by lower than anticipated deposit betas and other factors Jeff will touch on. And more importantly, our credit quality metrics remained stable and in good shape. So if you look at it, I think our revenue and business drivers are in good shape in the quarter. We’ve had some fluctuation expenses and I’m going to go ahead and turn it over for Jeff to address those items before I talk about outlook for next quarter. Jeff?
Jeffrey Julien: Thanks, Paul. My personal big picture view of this quarter is that with the exception of the two line items mentioned in the release and in Paul’s comments, results were very much in line with consensus expectations and certainly in line with to somewhat aggressive expectations that you all might have had in terms of all the asset levels and revenue levels, et cetera. So a lot of good things and to that we’ll talk about in more detail here. Again, most all of the revenue and expense line items were closed with the exception of business development and other expenses were within single-digit millions of the consensus model, so not a whole lot of significant variances to talk about. But on the securities commissions and fees line, we continue to see that the trends toward increased fee-based assets and fewer and fewer transactional commissions, that continued this quarter. And as you can see in the press release, fee-based assets in PCG were up 6% over the preceding quarter which certainly bodes well for the billings that occurred on July 1 which will be recognized throughout the fiscal fourth quarter. Equity capital markets commissions rebounded sequentially really writing the better underwriting activity that occurred during the quarter. And then fixed income commissions I’d say both commissions and trading profits as this is on a separate line item continued to be fairly weak and we really don’t see – we see that weakness continuing at least in the short term here. On the investment banking line, I mentioned the better underwriting sequentially and the M&A fees for the quarter of 84.7 million were actually a record M&A quarter for the firm. So a lot of activity happening again late in the quarter. Tax credit funds I should point out had sort of an exceptionally low revenue quarter. That’s as we’ve talked about in the past sort of a lumpy business depending on the timing of closings, but given their activity levels we certainly expect to rebound to at least within the more normal levels in the fourth quarter as well. On the overall investment banking line, we had talked about hoping to kind of match last year’s revenue number on that line. Last year was just a shade under 400 million. Now we’re trending at about right now 95 million a quarter, so we think that’s still within reach if we have a good close to the fiscal year. That’s not far off from that already. Let me talk about net interest for a second. We’ve passed a little more than half of the June increase in rates through so far, so we do have some modest upside in spreads for Q4. But with respect to the March increase that we had, we also passed through a little bit more than half. So we did benefit a little bit from ever-widening spreads. Offsetting that of course are client cash balances which are not growing and we put that metric in the press release as well. One of the dynamics that’s been happening in our firm as the Bank continues to grow, more and more of the client sweep cash has been directed to our Bank as opposed to outside banks. So we see a shift in geography here on the revenues away from account and service fees which are the fees we get from the independent banks in the sweep program and more in the interest earnings side which we generate in our own Bank. So that shift you’ll see continuing to happen. So far the increased spread is more than offsetting that shift and we continue to see an increase in both line items. But at some point we may see a leveling off of the account and service fee line item with respect to the Bank sweep. The Bank NIM for the quarter of 330 is up nicely from the 321 last quarter. Most of that is due to the higher spreads and the balance is really related to having less free cash on average on the Bank’s balance sheet over the course of the quarter and we actually have the net interest margin calculations also in the press release for you to see. But there are a lot of factors that go into the net interest margin that didn’t really come into play this time. There’s acceleration of fees depending on the amount of payoff activity and there are other things as well. So at this point I think that and I’ve talked with Steve Raney who is here with us by the way for those of you who have detailed bank questions. But I think at least for the short term we kind of anticipate a similar net interest margin at least for the fourth quarter. But longer term I’m continuing to beat the drum that at some point spreads are going to contract a little bit. And for our own modeling purposes we would probably put in something closer to the 320 longer term for the spread at the Bank. The comp ratio came in at 65.7% which was well below our 66.5% target and interestingly exactly as the consensus model predicted at 65.7%. So comp certainly continues to be well controlled. Communications and info processing we’ve guided towards the 90 million a quarter type number. It was 91 this quarter – it’s averaging 91, I’m sorry, this quarter this year-to-date. So we’re just slightly above guidance. It should be somewhat close to that for the year and then we’ll look at next year, maybe have some color by the time we do this call next quarter. Business development is one of the ones we need to spend just a little time on. This is a line item – the cost in this line item used to be more rapidly spread over the course of the fiscal year but now given the timing in the calendar, it’s become a much lumpier item. The biggest costs in here are conference, recognition events and trips, advertising which is not a consistent. You don’t run flights of ads every quarter. We certainly don’t produce new ads every quarter. And then the level of recruiting activity which has been somewhat consistent but even within recruiting there’s a lot of costs that aren’t always there. Sometimes they come from headhunters, sometimes they don’t, et cetera. So this one’s become one that’s going to unfortunately be lumpier than it has been in the past and much more difficult for us to give any guidance on. Based on the way that our events are currently scheduled for the next year or two, which generally are booked, it looks like in terms of the conferences and recognition events that the June quarter will be the highest in that category for the next couple of years followed by the September quarter. And then a distant third would be December and March quarters where we have much fewer of those type of costs. So we’re seeing the peak here in the June quarter that we just released. September quarter will be down from that in terms of this cost. And then I said December. If you remember last December, it was like $33 million, $34 million in that whole line item. So that’s a much lighter quarter in terms of activity in the conferences and recognition events. So we look at that line item, the annual run rate for the year is about $44.5 million a quarter. Again, it’s going to be lumpy but if we’re looking at what we might think an annual run rate is, it will be between 45 million and 50 million on an average but there might be a quarter that’s hitting the 50s and there might be some that are at 40. So that’s close as we can get now given some of the lumpy factors that are now going into that line item. The Bank loan loss provision was – we had $837 million of loan growth but over half of that was in residential mortgages and SBLs which have fairly low levels of reserves against them which is why the provision for the quarter at 5.2 million looks low relative to the allowance as a percent of loans which is a little over 1. So that continues to do well. And coupled with that, the Bank has continued to see improved credit metrics. And as loans get upgraded or if there are fewer problem loans, that has an impact on the allowance as well. The other expense which is the other line item that is significantly out of whack here this quarter was primarily, as Paul mentioned, driven by legal and regulatory reserves in PCG. And as he mentioned, there’s a whole [Technical Difficulty] go into this line item. But the best that we can look at this line item, for the year-to-date it averaged $72 million a quarter and it was higher than that this quarter. And we think something in that range is probably closer to what we would expect for the near term. But it’s hard to predict some of the legal items that go into that particular line item. It’s even hard to predict sometimes some of the consulting engagements, et cetera. It just depends on the timing of when we decide to do certain projects. Tax rate was right on the 27%, so that worked out correctly. This quarter actually it was at the low end of the guidance of 27% to 28%, but that’s also what you all had predicted, helped by about $8 million in COLI gains but to some extent this particular quarter. We think it will be in the 27% to 27.5% range again for next quarter. But then bear in mind for those of you modeling '19 and beyond, we think it will be in the 24% to 25% range as we get the last 3.5 percentage point benefit from the tax rate decrease that happened effective January 1 for most companies. So let me talk about comparisons to the revised targets that we went through at the recent Analyst Investor Day. Most of them or several of them are very good and then there’s one glaring exception which flowed through to the overall firm results and I’ll start with the ones that came in okay. Capital Markets margin we had guided down toward 10 from the previous 15 and actually came in at 9. I think 10’s probably still achievable with some better tax credit fund activity and continued good M&A type activity in the equity capital markets. It’s going to continue to be dragged down it looks like in the near term by the fixed income division. Asset Management margin we had a target of 33% margins. We came in at 35%. So that one is running on track. The Bank net NIM is running at – we had 310 to 320 guidance, it came in at 330 which we think is probably right for the near term but longer term again we would head back toward 320. It’s actually 321 for the year-to-date in the Bank. Comp ratio as we talked about came in at 65.7% and it’s 66.2% for the year-to-date which was better than our 66.5% target. So those are all running reasonably close to or better than targets. The one that’s the outlier here is the Private Client Group margin which is where all these costs hit by the way both the business development costs and the legal and regulatory accruals, all hit in the Private Client Group. Their margin for the quarter came in at 10.3% which puts them at 11.8% for the year-to-date versus our target of 12.5% or better in that particular segment. So if they were to drag down and that of course drag down the overall firm margin. We have an 18% plus target, came in at 17.3% for the quarter because of those costs and hit that 17.9% for the year-to-date. And then the firm ROE which we have a 16% to 17% target given the current environment came in at 15.4% for the quarter. We’re right on 16% for the year-to-date. So some misses all related to those two expense items and a whole lot of things that met or exceeded expectations. So that’s sort of the quick rundown. I’m going to turn it back to Paul to give you an outlook for the fourth quarter beyond.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. And just kind of a high view going into next quarter by segment first, the Private Client Group is entering the fiscal quarter with assets up 6% sequentially. And remember in that group we bill quarterly in advance. So that should give a good tailwind for the revenue and Private Client Group everything else being equal. Retention and recruiting both tend to be very, very strong. So I think we’re in pretty good shape there. And even with two firms entering protocol, we’re on record recruiting pace. So things look good there. We will see a little bit of geography shift as it looks like more cash balances will go from the Private Client Group sweep program to the Bank. So some of those earnings may go from Private Client Group to the Bank, but that should be neutral to the firm if we have maintained cash balances. June rate hike will help a little bit and expenses should return to those annual averages. So I think with those numbers we’ll return more to what you would expect given this next quarter. Capital Markets even coming off that record M&A. The pipeline looks very robust and I think the equity capital markets continue to perform. And unfortunately with the market both with lack of volatility and the flattening curve, the pressures on fixed income we believe will maintain. So you’ll have a tale of two cities in that segment with equity capital markets we believe should have a good quarter in fixed income or remain under pressure. Asset management starts at up 2% sequentially. It should help billing over the quarter given the market holds. We also believe they should have continued growth as recruiting has been robust and as those advisors bring their clients over and put some of their assets in that segment we believe will have good growth there also. And Raymond James Bank outlook looks promising. We’re starting with record loans and some tailwinds from the last rate hike. But again for all of these, things are volatile. Markets can change. Things can change. But given what we know today we’re at a very, very good starting point. The last thing I’ll comment on is really our capital. We are aware of the growing capital levels. Our Board did authorize an increase to $250 million of our securities repurchase. And again, we said we were going to use – our target is to use 200 million for anti-dilution through the year and we think it’s a good timing and leave a little room for opportunistic repurchases should that happen. Most of our capital continues to be invested in recruiting and infrastructure which has had very good returns. And as always, we’re evaluating a number of opportunities for firms to join us. But again, we’re very disciplined making sure there was a cultural fit, there’s a strategic reason and they generate good returns to the firm. And again, we can’t predict timing on any – if anything will or won’t happen when it comes to our corporate development because that’s very dependent on both parties coming to some agreement when we look at many of these opportunities. So with that, I’m going to turn it over to Rae, our operator, for questions and answers. Rae?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ann Dai. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Ann Dai: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Paul Reilly: Hi, Ann.
Ann Dai: My first one – good morning. My first question is on recruitment for you guys. Obviously very strong recruitment in the quarter and it’s been strong year-to-date as well. So I guess I was hoping to dig into some of what’s driving that acceleration if there’s anything to call out there? Is there any impact actually to the contrary from the withdrawal of some firms to the broker protocol? Has that been having some of the opposite affect and help you guys? And also specifically if we look at the employee channel that that recruitment accelerated in the quarter, so anything there?
Paul Reilly: I think first of all, the recruiting trends have been very good for a number of years and they continue to increase. Hopefully as people, for two reasons, believe that our platform both in our attitude towards advisors and their clients is unique, especially from the larger firms and that we offer a platform that were large enough to be able to offer the technology and services they can get at larger firms yet have more of a culture of the smaller regional firm, that family feel, which is evident here in my 650 kids at our conference, which I don’t think you’re going to find most anywhere. So that has continued to resonate. And as many firms have tended to try to institutionalize their clients around their advisors and some advisors feeling like they’re competing with them, I think our message just resonates and has been picking up. On protocol, we did see some slowdown from a couple of those firms but the volume of discussions are very high and so far we’ve done very well in all the temporary restraining orders in cases where firms filed against advisors, we’ve been winning those. If advisors do it properly and honor their agreement, the transitions are happening. But overall we’re just in a good market environment as many of the other regional firms are doing well too, but we happen to be doing very well and I think it’s just our platform’s the right place at the right time in this environment.
Ann Dai: Thanks, Paul. And just one clarification on recruitment and that impact on expenses this quarter. So was there anything specific to maybe the greater recruitment in employees or something else that was a larger driver of the recruitment in on-boarding expenses? I guess I’m just kind of curious. You guys are always kind of bringing new advisors on. So what was special about this quarter?
Paul Reilly: Well, first, it was a very large quarter. In June alone I think in the employee group, our projected recruits were over 40% happened in the June quarter. So the actual transitions occur even when people commit the actual transitions, June quarter has traditionally been our largest quarter. That makes sense after bonuses are paid and everything else, people tend to plan their movements to other firms. And the biggest charge against that, we have two. We do have transition assessments that we amortize with ACAT, the cost of moving their client accounts from their firm to our firm fits the P&L. So we had a big bunch. And we also signed on a very large correspondent firm where the cost of that move – it was the firm. It doesn’t show up in the number of advisors but it was a large firm in terms of assets and their advisors. And in that fee alone I believe was about $3 million --
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, it was over 4 billion in assets, funds with account costs over 3 million in ACAT fees --
Paul Reilly: Just to move that and that doesn’t show up in number of advisors at all. So that also was a spike. So you add those two together, that’s the big spike there.
Ann Dai: Okay, that’s very helpful. Last one for me is on legal and regulatory. Sorry if you already covered this. I joined a little bit late. But what was the specific driver of that increase in reserve for this quarter?
Paul Reilly: It’s just numerous cases and issues that we go through all year and they – it’s the cost of doing business. There’s just a bunch of things that hit in this quarter where we increased the reserves to where we think they’ll cover the issues and it just go lumpy. There’s a bunch in this quarter. As we said on the call, we think the run rate that we’ve incurred in the last – first three months is more indicative of the run rate. So we just had a lumpy quarter for no particular reason. It’s just timing of when they happened.
Ann Dai: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Christopher Harris: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on that last question. Is it possible to quantify what the legal and regulatory items were in the June quarter?
Paul Reilly: We don’t comment on specific legal and regulatory. Jeff?
Jeffrey Julien: In total, we had reserves about $14 million or something that’s above and beyond what we would consider kind of a normal run rate. So it means that was virtually drove that line item by far. And the fact that we had virtually none in the March quarter by comparison. As Paul said, it just was a confluence of things that kind of all occurred or we thought they are appropriate to take some reserves against and that happened all in the same quarter here.
Paul Reilly: So I guess the 14 million was the elevated number for March from kind of what we – a typical run rate.
Christopher Harris: Got you, okay. That makes sense. And if you think about the quarterly run rate that you guys talked about being around $72 million, I know there is a little bit of elevated legal and regulatory, but it would still imply about 30% growth versus last year. So I’m wondering if there are other expenses within that bucket that are elevated. And to the extent they are, what exactly would those be?
Jeffrey Julien: There are a lot of professional fees, lots of consulting fees, obviously all of our audit costs and none of these things have been going down as you can imagine. I don’t have the list in front of me of all the items. I’m at the conference with Paul in Orlando.
Paul Reilly: But a big driver of those increases have been as we put in our developing new supervision and compliance systems and others we’ve brought consultants and look at the structure of those. And so we’ve had elevated professional fees this year also that are driving some of that.
Christopher Harris: Okay.
Jeffrey Julien: Maybe the group in St. Pete has some better color on what are some of the other larger line items are in there. We don’t have that in front of us.
Christopher Harris: Yes, no worries. I was just more curious for the big picture anyway. Just seems like a high rate of growth and it sounds like a lot of the expenses might be “the good expenses” related to your recruiting and your growth generally.
Paul Reilly: They are in business development. I would call those generally good expenses. The other tend not to be --
Jeffrey Julien: Others are overhead costs that just go up as we get bigger unfortunately.
Christopher Harris: Okay. A question related to recruiting. When you guys onboard an advisor, I imagine they’re not really at full production when they join. And so I guess I’m wondering how long typically does it take your average advisor to ramp to full production? And how much incremental revenues can typically happen and over what timeframe as that advisor starts ramping up?
Paul Shoukry: Chris Harris, this is Paul Shoukry. Before hitting that question, I was just doing the math on your 30% increase. I think what you may be forgetting to do is adding the clearance and floor brokerage with other expenses which we combined since last fiscal year end. We can talk offline about it but I think the number is going to be much, much lower than 30% when you consider that. But we could talk offline.
Paul Reilly: On the advisors, advisors tend to come over and bring a good portion of their book in the first quarter maybe half cost and then their other half over the year and grow from there. So there’s definitely a lag effect. Each advisor is different and it takes time to get their accounts to transfer them. But our history has been kind of after the first year they kind of grow past where they were. Some of that’s new gross. Some of it is bringing their book over. So there is a lag effect.
Christopher Harris: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
James Mitchell: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Reilly: Hi, Jim.
James Mitchell: Maybe just a question on getting back to the business development expenses, I think you indicated you had a large correspondent firm and obviously elevated recruiting but also – you also had conferences and advertising. Is there a way to give us a sense of sort of the breakdown at least in a broad sense of how much was the one firm which might be one-time or the conferences? Just maybe a little more color around the sequential growth and what were the more specific drivers?
Jeffrey Julien: Like I said, unfortunately it’s going to be a very hard line item to give a lot of clarity on. We’ve been pretty close on the communications. That was hard too. But at least I think this is going to average somewhere between $45 million and $50 million average for the year. The June quarter will always be the highest always. For the near term, it will be the highest because that’s where the concentration of events is now and the September quarter will be next. If I had to pick a number and this is a swag and there’s a lot of factors that can change it, it’d probably be in the $50 million range next quarter and in the December and March quarters, it would be substantially lower.
Paul Reilly: There’s so many moving items. So conferences and events for this quarter, over $8 million and then maybe a 1 million --
Jeffrey Julien: And if we decide to do some new commercials and run twice of ads, that could be a multimillion dollar cost as well. Right now I can tell you that that should not be a significant factor in the September quarter. But beyond that, it could be.
Paul Reilly: The biggest challenge is – we could have done a better job of communicating when these events typically were smoother throughout the year. Now they are definitely lumpier in the third and fourth calendar fiscal quarters. So you’re just experience this quarter, next quarter and they were lower the quarter before. So we probably could have communicated a little bit better on that. But that’s really the big impact on our mind. And recruiting is just going to be when it happens. That $3 million fee was an unusually large fee but a very, very good correspondent firm. So that was the cost of transition.
James Mitchell: Right, that’s helpful color. And maybe just talking about the net interest margin, Jeff, it seems like it could hang in there next quarter but still thinking spreads could come in further down. Maybe you can help us think about the duration of your balance sheet? It seems like it’s pretty short duration, flattening of the curve shouldn’t affect you too much. Just trying to think through how you think of sensitivity across the curve?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, it’s extremely short. Even the securities portfolio at the Bank which is the one place we take some duration risk is we pull that into the two to two and a half year on all of our recent purchases, because as you point out you just don’t get paid to go out any further and we haven’t been growing it that aggressively in the face of rising rates anyway. So it’s extremely short, so we should continue to maintain these spreads as rates rise or if even if they drop.
Paul Reilly: And longer term we can take every once deposit beta forecast which I’m not sure based on anything because you think it will range from --
Jeffrey Julien: They range from over 100 --
Paul Reilly: Zero to 125 – I think everyone’s guessing. And we believe that longer term that those spreads should come in just on competitive factors. Like we’ve said, we’ve been positioning to be at kind of the higher end of the competitive markets but not leading, certainly not lagging by any manner. And they just haven’t yet. As long as the spreads remain as they have, we’ll do fine. But the view is longer term is the competition for cash increases that rates should. We just haven’t seen it yet. And you can ask our opinion. We’ve been wrong every time, so we’d rather not just guess.
Jeffrey Julien: I’ll rather keep saying spreads are contracted. That keeps them where they are. But if you see the client cash balance, those continue to contrast. That’s not just us. In fact, we’re probably doing a little better than the rest of the industry. But it has to do with deposit beta and the fact that clients are voting with their fee in some regard going to buy alternative cash investments, positional type as opposed to sweep funds where they can now get what they would consider more competitive rate.
Steven Raney: Jim, this is Steve Raney. About $15 billion of our loans are LIBOR based. Floating rate loans, as Jeff mentioned, are extremely short.
Paul Reilly: And then there’s residential or short-term loans anywhere from three to five – five to seven-year arms I think, so they’ve got a short fixed rate period to them. And then the longest is the tax exempt portfolio which because those are sometimes up to 10-year fixed rate, we hedge a good portion of those.
James Mitchell: All right, that’s all helpful commentary. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Devin Ryan: Great. Good morning, guys. How are you?
Paul Reilly: Good, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Good. Maybe a follow up here just on some of the commentary on recruiting and the strength you’re seeing. It would be great to get a little bit of detail on what’s happening in the Northeast and West where I know those areas on focused and any anecdotes on kind of where market share is trending or how much of the recent growth in headcount is coming from those regions? Just trying to get some flavor for how you’re doing there and if any of this kind of uptick has been because you’re seeing more penetration?
Paul Reilly: We are seeing increased penetration on Northeast and West. We’d like to see more because we have a lot of market share opportunity there. So I would say it’s been so fairly broad-based geographically but it’s increasing in the Northeast and the West. And the other good news is Alex. Brown has gotten traction recruiting. We’re getting many more recruits also join that channel where if you look at Morgan Keegan, it took two years before they recruited everybody and anybody as they go settled in. I think Alex. Brown is we’re seeing momentum there after the year going into the second year. So if you really look at recruiting, it’s hard to isolate it against really all the channels are doing very, very well. And so it’s broad based and it’s mainly via house done [ph].
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. Thanks, Paul. And then just on the commentary around kind of what we’re seeing in customer cash balances here and the decline in aggregate. I know there’s a lot of moving parts here between money going to the markets and yields, even behavior as well. Can you look at other rate tightening cycles or have you to kind of get a sense of kind of how this behavior is on a relative to the past or maybe to help kind of get a sense of when we could start to see some stabilization? I’m just curious of kind of views on that or obviously there could be some reasons why this time is different. And so I guess that’s part one of the question. Then part two is just with some of the migration of revenues from account and service fees over to the Bank just with the movement that you highlighted the good loan growth, can you just give us what you’re yielding now in third party bank sweep just so we can kind of do the calculations there?
Paul Reilly: So in terms of your first question on cash balances, it’s hard to answer. I think we’re kind of in a unique cycle. But if you look more historically, our client cash rates were more tied to money market rates and we had our own money market funds and a lot of firms like ours kind of type. And I think with increased regulatory costs and instead of increasing fees, institutions have kept more of that cash balance so we’re getting spreads that for us are record high spreads. So it’s kind of hard to determine behavior. There are some people speculating that the hottest money are the people seeking yields move quickly and it’s going to slow down. I don’t have a model that will tell you that. And we have lost cash balances even with our recruiting brings new balances. So it tells you the stable cash balances have been moving. So it’s something we’re just going to have to watch and I think hard to predict.
Jeffrey Julien: Devin, we’ve tracked client cash balances ever since I’ve been here which is a fairly long time now and we only had I think – before this year we’ve only had one other year when cash balances ended the year lower than the started the year. But what’s different this time is the deposit beta. We have never had spread – never meaning as long as I’ve been here, we have never had spreads of this magnitude. We always had – we had a money market alternative sweep which we still do for people which was very popular at that time and we sort of – the rates around the industry were sort of pegged toward matching money market fund rates and money market funds now with money market reform act a couple of years ago where they engaged in fees and other negative implications to them are not as attractive a sweep option now for clients. So we have a government funded sweep for us. But the firm earning 150 plus basis point spreads on client cash is I’ve never seen it which is why I keep saying that at some point it’s got to at least come in a little bit from here and I’m sure that that’s causing us to see some of this decline in the industry, because it’s just somewhat unprecedented. And I think it may settle out. I think I’ve talked about this at the Analyst Day. I think it will probably eventually settle out at a level higher than it used to be because money market funds aren’t really viewed as the competition now. And the cost models have changed in all the firms with the amount of compliance in regulatory and technology costs, et cetera, that all the firms need to have to be competitive and stay within regulatory compliance. So while the old spreads may have been 70 basis points, say maybe it settles out between 100 and 125 someday, but for now it’s – and my opinion is still very elevated at the one and the half. That has not happened in my 35 years here.
Paul Reilly: It’s only 34.85 years, Jeff.
Jeffrey Julien: I hope I make it.
Devin Ryan: Thanks, Jeff. I appreciate all that color and the long-term perspective. I guess just a last quick one here I think I heard Steve Raney on. Just a little uptick in C&I and CRE balances. Is that just idiosyncratic in timing or are we seeing any kind of falling in terms of competition for kind of new loans or just trying to get a little more sense of the decent loan growth? I know the SBLs were pretty good but just the overall loan growth this quarter?
Steven Raney: Hi, Devin. Good morning. Growth in the C&I and the commercial real estate is a little bit lumpier. There have been periods during the last year when prices have pulled in, in the secondary market. We’ve taken advantage of that. There are other times when prices are pretty high and we’re really on the sideline. So I would say right now the pipeline is actually for new deals kind of across the whole spectrum is actually pretty light but we’ll be opportunistic. I would that – in our C&I portfolio in particular, the growth rates have slowed down over the last few years but I would expect C&I and CRE loan growth over the next 12 months to be kind of high-single digits, maybe in the 8% to 10% range over the next 12 months.
Jeffrey Julien: And again, you’re looking at the net growth. The payoffs bounce around quite a bit too.
Steven Raney: Yes, the C&I portfolio runoff is up 30% per year, so it’s a big hold at least here.
Devin Ryan: Yes, got it. Thanks, Steve. I appreciate it guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. 
Paul Reilly: Well, with that if there are no other questions --
Operator: Actually we have a follow-up question from Ann Dai. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Ann Dai: Hi. Thanks. Sorry to come in right at the end. I just had one follow up on your commentary about M&A. I know you’re always kind of out there evaluating the opportunities. I guess I’m just curious as to your perspective on the current landscape for it. So if we think about where we are versus a year ago, equity markets have run up but they are a bit more volatile today. DOL does not seem to be an issue anymore. We’ve still got meaningful pools of private equity capital out there. So how are you thinking about the landscape? Does it feel more constructive to you or less? And are there any changes to primary motivations on potential seller sides?
Paul Reilly: I think overall the M&A market still stays constructive. There’s a lot of equity, a lot of cash in private equity funds. I think part of the downturn in underwriting is that firms instead of going public have gone the private equity route. And when you can get as large as Facebook did before you go public I think that shows you what’s been happening in the private equity markets. They’ve gone up a little bit, down, still pretty constructive and most private equity firms look at a whole period and then to get out. So you add all those together I think in the near term the market looks pretty constructive. And certainly our experience in the segments we operate is the pipeline looks pretty good.
Ann Dai: And how does that relate to maybe your view on acquiring for yourself?
Paul Reilly: So on our view, our view is as always the same. So it’s always going to be we look for strategic opportunities to expand the franchise but they have to be a cultural fit or we just won’t look at them. And then it gets down to price. And a lot of firms, because of the cultural fit question we talk to for many, many years, 3Macs; MacDougall, MacDougall & MacTier, my first meeting with them was in '09. I think Tom’s was 2000. So we look at the firm’s opportunities for a very – and wait hopefully for those firms that fit. We’re also opportunistic. Alex. Brown was more opportunistic and we moved quickly. Morgan Keegan was one we’ve been talking to for a couple of years. So we’re out there and we’re active. We have a corporate development function. So for us it’s not really the market cycle. We have the luxury of capital and we will pull the trigger if we find the firm that fits and it has good return for shareholders. And probably do that in up and down cycles. Certainly in down cycles you might get more firms that are looking to be acquired and the pricing’s a little better. But if we get the right pricing in this market long term, we’ll execute and continue to look.
Jeffrey Julien: But our strategic areas of focus really haven’t changed from what we’ve said in the past.
Paul Reilly: For Private Client Group, Asset Management where it fits where it’s not indexable [ph] and certainly the M&A business itself globally for the equity capital markets business. And we’re looking at niches in other segments but those are the primary focus.
Ann Dai: Okay. That’s it for me. Thanks for taking all the questions.
Jeffrey Julien: Sure.
Paul Reilly: No problem. Any other ones, Rae?
Operator: There are no further questions, so you may continue.
Paul Reilly: Great. Well, I wanted to thank you all for the call and I wish we could give guidance when numbers go up and down, but we don’t control them all. But I think that the revenue drivers are all in great shape. I think we can explain the unusual – hopefully unusual claims and expenses this quarter and we look forward to the next quarter. So thank you for your time. Thank you, Rae.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. You’re welcome, sir.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-04-26 08:15:00) =====
Executives: Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc. Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc. Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Analysts: James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Julian Craitar - Nomura Instinet Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the earnings call for Raymond James Financial's Fiscal Second Quarter of 2018. My name is Ashley and I'll be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website. Now, I will turn the call over to Shoukry, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on this call. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, our ability to successfully recruit and integrate financial advisors, anticipated results of litigation, and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, plans or future conditional verbs as well as any other statement that necessarily depend on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that forward-looking statements are subject to risk and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent forms 10-Q which are available on our website. During today's call, we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Paul, and welcome to the call and welcome here to the home of The Tampa Bay Lightning. So, I want to welcome all the Boston folks who are coming down. It is in the 80s here all week. I don't know why the rest of the country is not quite warmed up yet, but look forward to the next week. So, let me start. First, I'm really pleased with the overall results of the quarter and I think that you need to reflect back on our first calendar quarter where we have a lot of seasonal factors that typically impact us, which we'll talk about a little bit later in the call. Overall, we had record quarterly net revenue of $1.81 billion, up 16% over the prior year and 5% over the preceding quarter. We had record quarterly net income of $242.8 million, up 115% over the prior year's quarter, but you have to remember we had an unusual legal expense item in that quarter and we're 104% over the preceding quarter, but again then we had the tax charge from the new Tax Act in the preceding quarter. We had no non-GAAP adjustments in the quarter, so I'm going to use some comparisons of GAAP numbers versus our adjusted net income. But our GAAP versus our adjusted net income was up 29% over the prior year and 2% over the preceding quarter. So, the seasonal factors that Jeff may get into a little bit, first, we had fewer days in the quarter, a couple of fewer days and that impacts interest income and our fee billings, so there's a couple percent drag really on those items. And expenses, we have our FICO reset that starts as we start paying FICO taxes starting this quarter. We have our mailing expense in our year-end statements, and we also ran a flight of advertising this quarter. So, those expenses are in this quarter, which usually are elevated over the rest of the year. We had record quarterly net revenues for the Private Client Group, Asset Management, and Raymond James Bank and record quarters for the two biggest profit drivers, pre-tax income for our Private Client Group and Raymond James Bank. I think most impressively for the quarter, we had a 16.7% return on equity, and our return on equity includes both tangible and intangible capital. A lot of firms exclude intangible capital, which would significantly raise our ROE compared to our peers. So, if you look at that ROE adjusted, I think you'd find that we've outperformed most of our competitors. We also have no preferred equity, we all have common equity, so there's no adjustments to the denominator either. More importantly, maybe our key drivers, we ended up with records; client assets under administration of $729.5 billion; we had financial assets at a record under management at the quarter-end of $132.3 billion. Our number of financial advisors, 7,604, were up 382 year-over-year and 67 sequentially. Client assets grew even though the S&P Index was down 1.2%. So, if you look so far for the year, the first half of our fiscal year, we had net revenues of $354 billion (sic) [$3.54 billion], up 16% versus last year's first six months, and record net income of $481.7 million or 23% (sic) [32%] over last year's first six months. So, again, we think it's a very, very good quarter. I'll give you a little color on the segments, the Private Client Group had record net revenue and pre-tax. We've had great retention which has really been the key to our growth. We focused a lot on recruiting, but our recruiting has trended up even over last year's recruiting levels, so recruiting is extremely strong. And all of our channels are independent, our employee, our financial institution division, RIA divisions, all had recruiting growth. The other thing, I think, that's really kicked in is Alex. Brown, it is showing very well. We closed the transaction and we retained 92% of the trailing 12s which is extremely good compared to any transaction, especially the European bank private client groups. But since then, we have 30 advisors who have joined or committed to join in the last 18 months, and a lot of those have been in the Northeast or West which are target areas for expansion. So, after a year of settling in, they've really had great traction and performing very well. They've also helped bolster our ultra-high-net-worth platform as we've expanded our alternative investments, our private equity solutions, and our lending to ultra-high-net-worth clients, but still within our Raymond James kind of conservative underwriting. But we've been able to grow those types of products focused for those clients, not for the masses. We've also had robust asset growth really over this time of period, so the Private Client Group has done very, very well and continues on its steady trend of growth. In Asset Management, we had record net revenues, financial assets under management of $132.3 billion, up 2% sequentially, despite the S&P drop. We had a successful integration of Scout and Reams. They're a great fit into the family and off to a great start. If you remember that transaction, it had added $27 billion in assets last November. Our growth in financial assets under management is driven largely by increased utilization of managed accounts in PCG and we anticipate that continuing. Raymond James Bank had a record quarter both on net revenues and pre-tax. Loans ended up at $18.2 billion, 13% year-over-year and 3% sequentially, and growth really in all of our major loan categories. Bank NIM increased to 3.21%, up 13 bps sequentially and over last year, driven by short-term interest rates. And even though the Fed funds rate is up 75 basis points over the last year, LIBOR, if you look at 30 and 90 day, if you look at our mix of loans, they're up probably by average over 100%, so that spread and growth has actually helped increase the Bank's earning, and we've had lower-than-expected deposit betas. And this shows a little bit why, for some of who've asked why we didn't load up the Bank balance sheet with fixed rate securities, you can see the impact as rates go up that our balance sheet in the Bank adjusted very, very quickly. And had we loaded up over the last year, if you look at – even though there's not an accounting charge, if you look at disclosures, a lot of those securities would be underwater if they were forced to be liquidated. So, we take kind of a long-term economic look as we add any asset to the Bank's balance sheet. Most importantly, the credit metrics continue to improve where we had declines in nonperforming asset as a percent of total assets and a decline in criticized loans as a percent of total loans. The Capital Markets is the area that's been challenged. We had a slow start in M&A, but we told you we felt the pipelines were good and certainly in March we had a big rebound that did help investment banking revenues, both year-over-year and sequentially. However, the challenge industry-wide is I think you'll see as the non-bulge bracket firms certainly report this in institutional equities where the market has been weaker and MiFID II has had an impact for us less than 10%, probably about 8 percentage range, but for a lot of people already maybe 10% or more on over-the-desk commissions. In fixed income commissions, as the market has been quiet and a flattening yield curve and low rate volatility has certainly impacted those trading volumes. So, if you look at both institutional equities and fixed income commissions, they're down during the quarter. That flat yield curve, maybe with the movement in the last week, maybe help us going forward, but I think we're still cautious. So given that, I'm very pleased with our results for the second quarter and our key drivers look in good shape. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for some more color in the line items. Jeff?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thanks, Paul. As usual, I'll only talk a little bit about some of the variations from the consensus model, although I would say, this quarter, there were relatively few. As most of your notes already reflected, we came in pretty much very close to consensus on revenues and earnings both. On the securities commissions and fees, it was a miss versus consensus. Paul already mentioned the short quarter, which does impact fee billings to some extent. But also, the bigger factor was the weak institutional commissions, both on the equity and fixed income side. PCG, the transactional commissions continue to be a little weak, but the fees, as you know, I think the fee-based assets were up 6% starting the beginning of the quarter. Looking forward on that line item, PCG, as you can see in the press release, PCG fee-based assets are up 3% versus where they were at the end of the preceding quarter. So, we got a little bit of a tailwind on the billings, despite the drop-off in the S&P for the quarter. The investment banking line, I know we were guiding toward a lot of headwinds in our operating statistics releases throughout the quarter, but we got, once again, a late M&A surge in March that saved the quarter in terms of total investment banking revenues. So, the beat on that particular line roughly offset the shortfall on the securities commissions and fees. For the year, looking forward on that line, as we mentioned last quarter, we're hopeful we can match last year's $400 million type revenue for the investment banking line, although we've got some work to do in the second quarter, which has historically been a little – the second half of the year, I'm sorry, which has historically been a little stronger for us. But we're still optimistic that we can perhaps achieve that same level of revenues. Paul mentioned the investment advisory fees. Scout and Reams are performing as expected. The assets are still here. We got a little bit hurt by the shorter quarter in terms of days. Even though we bill things on a quarterly basis, it is prorated by days over the course of the year. The other item that had an impact in that particular line item is, bear in mind that for the investment advisory fee revenues, 60% of our fee-based assets are billed in advance, generally all the PCG-related fee-based asset. But all the institutional type accounts, which are about 20% of the assets, are billed based on average over the course of the quarter and 20% are billed in arrears, particularly the institutional – individual institutional accounts. And so, if you're looking at billings at the end of March versus the end of December, the assets could actually have been down on a per account basis, so then the volatility in March obviously had an impact on the average assets. So, it wasn't quite as clean as just the change in total assets under administration or assets under management. The net interest income line, we surpassed $200 million for the first time in a quarter. Couple components to that, Paul mentioned the Bank NIM at 3.21%, that was a combination of factors. We put a page now in the press release, page 12, which gives the details of the Bank's net interest margin. You can see on that page that it was driven partly by having less cash on the balance sheet, which is a somewhat low-earning asset. And Paul mentioned the LIBOR increase versus Fed funds, the Bank's loans are generally priced off of LIBOR, some off the one month, some off the three month, and that has moved up faster than the Fed funds rate on the deposit side. So we enjoyed a little bit of a benefit from that. We've been giving you guidance looking forward there of the 3.10% to 3.20% range, I think that's probably still a good range, although it looks like we're trending toward the higher end of that range at the moment because of those factors. But I think that's still probably a good range for now. The other part of the interest income is the general overall corporate results which reflected the full impact of the December 2017 rate increase. Deposit beta is a tough one to answer. We're staying as competitive as we think we need to be with all of our peer groups. We look at this every week in detail. So far, for example, of the March rate increase, we've passed through 45% of that to clients, but still deposit beta is very low relative to where we thought it would be at this time. And unless competition dictates that we move higher again in the near future, the March rate increase will actually further assist earnings in the June quarter to the tune of $12 million to $13 million or so. So, it's a hard call on deposit beta. It's historically low. One of the related factors here, as we put in the press release now are total client cash balances and you can see in there that's been on a fairly steady decline. I wouldn't call it a rapid decline, but it's a steady decline as some clients who have cash that's a little more permanently allocated to cash, they're buying what we would cash alternative products and CDs or purchasing money market funds that we don't sweep to and other things for better yields. So, it's something we keep an eye on is that cash balance, of course, is the primary financing source for our Bank's growth. On the comp side, the comp ratio came in at 66%, which is below our 66.5% to 67% target, despite the FICO reset and I think that we could predominantly give credit for that to the benefits of the higher interest spreads which have very little variable comp associated with it. Communication and info processing was a big jump from the preceding quarter as almost everyone noted, mainly some timing of projects coming online and consulting fees being incurred and things. But year-to-date we've averaged $90 million a quarter which is kind of in line with our guidance of high-80s to $90 million. This quarter, as Paul mentioned, was impacted to the tune of probably $2 million to $3 million by the seasonal factors of mailing of 1099s of our summary statement for all of our capital access, which is our cash management account. All those accounts get a 13th statement summarizing their activity for the year and then obviously we had all the shareholder mailings related to our annual meeting. So, those things all hit in this March quarter, so that was somewhere between $2 million and $3 million of cost that is a seasonal factor. Going forward, I think we're still comfortable with our high $80 million to $90 million a quarter type guidance for that line, for the rest of this fiscal year. The other line that took a little jump was business development. That's going to be a little lumpy when conferences hit. We have virtually nothing of that sort between conferences and trips in the December quarter. So, when you look sequentially, it looks like a big increase, but we have conferences in each of the other quarters. The other thing that we did was run some flights of commercials. Those of you who watched the golf tournaments may have noticed them on the Golf Channel, which is where I happen to see them most often. So, our guidance was of the $40 million a quarter roughly for that line, I think, is still good for the rest of this fiscal year at least. We probably won't be running flights of commercials every quarter. So, I think we're still in line there, just the December quarter was particularly light in that line item. Bank loan loss provision was a little higher than one might expect, given about the $450 million of net loan growth for the quarter. And as we mentioned in the quote to the press release, aside from all the variety of activity with upgrades, downgrades, payoffs, and sales, and other things that we do during the quarter, we did also add some reserves related to the general interest rate environment as an upward trending, particularly a rapidly upward trending and maybe you don't think a 25 basis point hike every quarter is rapid, but it does add up when you get to three and five-year loans. So, the impact that that rate environment has on certain of our borrowers where it increases their debt service requirements can be of concern, so we added some reserves for those credits that are particularly sensitive to the rising rate environment. Tax rate was reasonably close. There's still some factors that we don't totally have our arms around and we still don't have answers on and interpretations of, et cetera. But we are assuming about a 28%; it did come in lower than that for a variety of factors. But I think that the 27% to 28% range is probably still good for the rest of the year, plus or minus whatever impact corporate-owned life insurance has on that. And if you remember, that kind of works in opposite directions. In a rising equity market, that will lower our tax rate, and in a declining equity market environment, that will increase our tax rate related to the COLI. Couple other metrics; the segments which are on page 7 of the press release, for PCG, we ended up with a margin of 12.4% for the quarter versus 12.6% in December. So, still both nicely above the 12% target that we had set as that segment continues to benefit from the interest rate increases. Paul mentioned the FA counts and we would just continue to remind you that the increase in financial advisors and the resultant assets under administration really are what drive the majority of our growth in this firm as they fuel a lot of the other segments. Capital Markets had a margin of only 7%, which is well below our 15% target, as all three divisions in that particular segment have been challenged for various reasons. Equity capital markets, we've talked about a slower underwriting environment and that's partially contributed to the weak overall commissions in that division. Fixed income, the flat yield curve has resulted in weaker commissions and also in weaker trading profits in this particular quarter. And tax credit funds, they're still in the process of rebuilding their pipeline and that business may or may not be repriced a little bit as tax credits are a little less valuable. They may do an equivalent volume, but may be slightly less lucrative to us in terms of the revenue side. That remains to be seen for the rest of the year. Asset Management was nice to see AUM up despite the S&P 500 decline for the quarter, but remember that's a point in time measurement. We may have won a couple of big mandates late in the quarter that didn't really contribute much to revenues. Those revenues I talked about were impacted somewhat by the March market volatility, so you can't just draw a direct correlation between their revenues and assets, but it's largely in sync. And RJ Bank, we talked about the NIM, loan growth there. That gave them record revenues and pre-tax. So, from a segment basis, three of the four performing very well, particularly when you look at the year-over-year comparisons, you see nice double-digit growth on both revenues and pre-tax in three of the four segments. Just a couple other comments, the overall corporate pre-tax margin of 18.3% for the quarter and for an adjusted basis for the year-to-date as well is nicely above the 17% type target that we had set last year. And again, we'll reset targets here this coming quarter as we get into budget season and hold Analyst Day, which is typically where we unveil sort of our new targets for the coming year. And likewise, the 16.7% ROE for the quarter, 16.6% year-to-date adjusted also surpassing our 15% goal for the current environment. So, lastly, I'll say that all our capital ratios climbed during the quarter, because the fact is we had a nice net income boost which boosted equity and we had really very little in the way of total balance sheet growth. So, all the risk-weighted assets and total assets and things didn't really change particularly during the quarter. So, as a result, all of our capital ratios strengthened even a little bit further. So, that's on a line item-by-line item basis some better color. Now, I think Paul's got some comments looking forward.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. Just a few, we've covered an awful lot so far in the call, but really I think a good quarter and our momentum based on our key business factors should continue. We have near-record levels on most all of our business drivers. The interest rate hike in March, as Jeff talked about, should continue to help. So, overall we're good in position. There is changes on the regulatory front. As you know, the DOL fiduciary rule was overturned by the First Circuit who vacated the whole rule. The Department of Labor does have really till May 7 to appeal to the Supreme Court. We think that's unlikely, but who knows and there may be other challenges by other groups, but we think most likely that rule will disappear, but you never know. In the meantime, the SEC has introduced the best interest standard. The standard is fairly short. It is only a little over 1,000 pages in its release, so as regulatory areas go, as we go through it, it seems workable. It's not everything we love in it, but it's we think certainly more balanced, but we will work with it. And the SEC will be taking comments over a comment period, so that rule could change also, but from a distance it looks like a positive trend and a more balanced and more flexible ruling for investors. Private Client Group, we talked about recruiting, we're trending over last year and the growth is happening in all of our divisions. And then, once again, Alex. Brown is really getting great traction. So, the retention of our financial advisors is a focused one. We've got a great group and as long as we do that and have good recruiting, I think we've got really a strong outlook. Quarter 3, we should benefit really from starting firm with higher assets and fee-based accounts, up about 3% in the cash spreads. In Capital Markets, Jeff really hit this is that the M&A business looks good, and public finance and tax credits look like they're recovering and should help. Underwriting still looks a little challenged and the real headwinds are in the equity institutional commissions and fixed income markets, although hopefully with the 10-year moving up and getting a little more volatility, maybe we'll get some more action, but that remains to be seen. Asset Management also benefiting from their starting assets for the quarter. So, it should be helpful. And the Bank continues to perform well. So, feeling good is the starting part going into this next quarter, but certainly don't know what's going to happen in the markets. I want to make one comment before I close really on capital deployment. First, our strategy has not changed. We have a long-term focus on utilizing and deploying our capital to grow our business. Our retained comp is partially tied to return on equity, so we're very focused on that to do the right thing, but we're focused on the long term, not the short term. So, we want to grow our business first. We do look at continuing to grow through niche acquisitions and investments in recruiting. But any acquisition first has to fit our culture, be strategic, and most importantly also have a positive return to shareholders. So, we're very disciplined. And a couple of years ago, we had a lot of pressure saying where are the acquisitions, and then we announced three pretty close together: Alex. Brown, 3Macs, and Scout and Reams, which have so far been very good and very successful, but we do them when we can do them. Our dividend policy hasn't really changed, it's 15% to 25%, and with the tax changes and earnings increase, certainly is morphed to the lower end. But the board, I'm sure, will be looking at that in its next meeting or meetings, but that strategy hasn't changed. I think also as we talk about even with the capital levels having a 16.7% return on total capital, not just intangible capital, that we're using our capital well for the long term and really providing good returns to shareholders, which is really our focus in capital management. So, good quarter. I think we're in a good position in the industry and in the markets. And with that, I'll turn it over to questions. So, Ashley, why don't you open the line up?
Operator: Yes, sir. And your first question comes from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Hey, Jim.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hey. Maybe just a question on the recruiting in PCG, and an update sort of on the West Coast. It seems like you've gotten better or you're ahead of the game a little bit on the Northeast, but West Coast maybe not quite as developed. Can you just sort of update us on how the West Coast penetration is going? And do you see sort of Alex. Brown-type opportunities there that could help jump-start the penetration there?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So, first, we certainly have a lot of room, which is the good news, to recruit both in the Northeast and the West. And if we can get anywhere towards average market share in the rest of the country in those two states, we'll be growing for a long, long time. So, it's our focus still. We've made good progress in the West, but we didn't have the kick-starter of a big Alex. Brown recruit. Alex. Brown really made a statement with significant presence in Baltimore, New York and Boston, so in the key areas. So, we haven't found that type of opportunity for the West Coast, whether that be LA, San Fran, and Seattle. So, we're doing it organically. We're beefing up our recruiting resources. We are growing and recruiting there, but we certainly have a lot of room. So, if we found something that fit our culture and was a good fit, we would do it, but we're not going to do something just to do something. So, it looks like at least for the short to near term, we're focused on organic recruiting out West and look forward to the opportunity. I think we've got a lot of opportunity to grow.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: No, certainly. Do you feel like momentum there is improving?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: It's improving, yeah, but we've got a lot of opportunities still. So, we're still small, but certainly our recruits are growing and, again, in all channels, both independent and employee, and Alex. Brown has added commits in California also. So, we're focused on it. Just had a meeting with Scott and Tash that run those two divisions on recruiting out West, so it's been a focus really for a number of years, and we're making progress. But again, we don't force numbers. I mean, I could give them a challenge for numbers and I'm sure they could hit them, but we only want quality advisors and good business. So, we're deliberate and we're taking a long-term focus, but we certainly have a lot of energy around recruiting out West.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: No, absolutely. And maybe for Jeff, one question. In terms of cash levels at the bank, it did come down and it did help the NIM as you reinvest that cash, but it's still above $1 billion. What is the right level of cash? Do you still see reinvestment opportunities going forward from these levels?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah, we've got targets for how much liquid cash we need to keep on hand at the bank. It's generally between $500 million and $1 billion, just so they can be in a position to fund any loans that they're needed any day, et cetera, without having to borrow or us having to do some kind of machination with the sweeps or anything else. So, it was just heavier than usual in the December quarter, as we were reallocating some of the bank sweep assets out of other banks over to our bank in anticipation of their growth. So, we try to stay ahead of it a little bit. So, I think the level that they've been running at in the March quarter, on average, is probably more realistic for where they need to be.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So, the upper end of that range is probably a safe assumption?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah, probably. As we try to stay ahead of their growth, that's correct.
James Mitchell - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Chubak with Nomura Instinet.
Julian Craitar - Nomura Instinet: Good morning, guys. This is actually Julian Craitar filling in for Steven.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Okay.
Julian Craitar - Nomura Instinet: Hi. So, just a question on capital. So, I appreciate your commentary at the end, but this quarter's strong earnings and significant capital build reinforced the challenge of not having a clear capital deployment strategy where the pace of capital build continues to exceed your organic growth needs. And despite your reluctance to load up on securities, we would argue this has dampened your earnings potential and weighed on the earnings multiple. When should we expect a more fulsome update and any change in your approach?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Well, we will update you as we make changes. So, our approach has been consistent. We can do a lot of things to bolster short-term earnings at the risk of longer-term economic issues. Acquisitions tend not to be pro rata. They are lumpy by nature. So, we don't have a quarterly acquisition program to fill in our capital needs. It's a long-term strategy and sometimes we get them, sometimes we don't. So, we will look at – again, a lot of people try to anticipate the Tax Act just because the Tax Act came in effective really for us at the end of the year, one quarter ago doesn't mean that we're just going to knee-jerk and say without looking at the impact of the running of our public finance business, our tax credit business, our muni business, a lot of other things. So, we could anticipate it or we could do what we always do here is take a longer term, more measured approach and I think that's why we had our 121st consecutive quarter of profitability. And we're still, even with heavy capital by most people's standards, generating superior things. So, yeah, we could do things for short-term profits. We don't do that here, we do things for long-term profits. And we will analyze again both the impact of the tax law changes, the business mix, and make good longer-term decisions for the firm. So, we're one quarter in to the new tax regime. Certainly, it will be a topic of our May board meeting on capital allocation, but we try to be very clear on our capital deployment and we understand that we have pretty healthy capital ratios.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: I would add to that, Julian, with respect to growing the securities portfolio at the bank, I mean first of all you're not getting paid much to do it, it's a very flat yield curve. We're very opposed to taking a lot of duration risk, which you'd have to do to get any kind of yield pickup right now. And thirdly, we could grow that portfolio significantly and really wouldn't use much capital because the instruments we're buying, it only takes $25 million of capital to support $1 billion of securities. So, it just doesn't seem the logical thing to do to get overly aggressive in that at this point in time, and on top of that, client cash balances aren't growing. And so, which...
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: And rising interest rates too – environment, so.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: And why would you – and we would – again, I want to take duration risk in the face of a rising rate environment, not an excessive amount of duration risk.
Julian Craitar - Nomura Instinet: Understood. Appreciate the color, guys. That was helpful. What about in terms of like an annual buyback plan?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: We've had a plan which we announced previously to kind of buy back on a dilutive basis. We did it in one chunk. And again I said, the board will read this at the capital plan in May. Again, our view was a lot of people took knee-jerk reactions when the tax law was announced. We haven't, because we wanted to analyze it and see the impact of our business, and we're going to relook at it at the May board meeting.
Julian Craitar - Nomura Instinet: Got you. Okay. And then one last one from me, but switching gears to Capital Markets. Are you guys planning to take any actions on your IB trading businesses, just given some of the regulatory challenges that you've cited, such as like MiFID within your trading business?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: I think we have taken actions and have trimmed costs, and others. The model for research is challenged across the industry right now, and certainly it has been really for a decade. And MiFID's probably accelerated a trend that already started. So, we're being rational. We have no plans to exit the business. Our focus for a number of years has been to grow M&A, because the public markets have become increasingly private markets and the M&A business is reflecting that. So, we are taking, I think what I call, reasonable business approaches and watching costs on the one side, and growing the part that we think will continue to grow. But no plans to exit or anything drastic.
Julian Craitar - Nomura Instinet: Got it. That's it from me, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Hey, guys.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, so it sounds like Alex. Brown has a lot of momentum. Can you guys maybe comment a little bit about what's resonating there?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Well, I think that it has momentum and certainly probably focused more on the ultra-high-net-worth space, but it's relative, the other divisions have a lot of momentum too, right? So, I think each of the positions, whether it's our Raymond James employee channel, which has ultra-high-net-worth clients also; the Alex. Brown, which is a brand that's been focused really on that area, the independent side, are all growing. And one of the things for Raymond James that I didn't create, but inherited that's been great for us, is that we have advisors choice, that we have all these platforms that advisors can choose how they want to affiliate. So, it's been a real advantage as people move from employee to independent to RIA, or RIA to employee to independent, whatever the movement is that we have those options. It certainly helps with the retention. So, Alex. Brown is doing great. We expect it to continue to do well as we do the other divisions. Right now we have positive momentum in every single one of our affiliation options, which is good news for us. And hope it certainly continues. It bodes well for us if it does.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: A lot of people tend to think about all the regulatory changes that have happened on the financial advisor side as being universally bad. But I didn't know if you guys maybe thought that actually might be helping you on the recruiting side. Do you think that's been a factor? Or does that really not have anything to do with it, it's kind of all the other things that you mentioned?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: No, I don't think it's – the regulatory environment, I think, for everyone has gotten tougher. I mean that's just where it has. I will say that it's – since the elections, has been more balanced. I think our worry a year ago was so many rules were coming out so quickly, it was hard to keep up with them, and now there isn't. I think people are looking both at existing rules and making sure they're balanced and they're not seeing a flood of new rules. So, that's been the positive on the regulatory side. What's really driven recruiting is that we just have a model where we have great respect for advisors in our – whether it's our trust department, our bank, or anything else doesn't compete with our advisors. And many advisors feel at many institutions that they're trying to own their clients and they're competing with the different divisions. So, here we tell the advisors they own their book and they can leave any time they want. So, protocol wasn't even an issue for us because they could always leave and always could. Second, we don't allow our trust department to call on a client, the bank, they have to go at the invitation of the advisor. Our bank doesn't solicit mortgages or credit cards. We don't put mailing stuffings in. We don't do anything to compete with our advisor, maybe sometimes to our economic detriment, but certainly we think to our long-term benefit. So, I think we just offer right a platform that has the technology and scale to offer advisors what they need, and many are joining us because they feel like we're supporting them versus competing with them. So, I think that's been the secret to the recruiting.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Conor Fitzgerald with Goldman Sachs.
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just first, thanks for the new disclosure on your cash breakdown. That's helpful. Just digging into the $900 million quarter-over-quarter decline, it sounds like based on your comments, the decline is really being driven by your clients buying cash alternatives and not rotating in the equities side, but just was hoping you could elaborate on that a little bit.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. That's a true statement. We track the growth of purchased money market fund positions in the firm. We don't really – we can track CDs, but that's a little harder to do. But there is no question that people who have asset allocations that have 5% or 6% or 8%, or whatever permanently allocated to cash are able to get a better yield than we are offering through our sweep program, are able to get a better yield by purchasing one of these short-term cash all taken by a two-year T-bill or a one-year T-bill. And there's a lot of alternatives out there, and that's happening for those who have permanent allocations to cash. Those who have temporary allocations are in the middle of an investing methodology, then they continue to want to use the sweep vehicles that we've got, which are FDIC insured, which is a benefit over purchasing money market funds or some of the other instruments.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: But not all of that movement was into cash. So, I mean there's a fair chunk of that's market related, too. So, $900 million did move out from cash to cash alternatives. But certainly there's a fair chunk of that that has and then some that's moving into market as well.
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then on your account and service fees, can you just give us an updated understanding on how that breaks down between fees on your third-party deposits, money markets and other fees?
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. We put that breakdown to Q, right? 10-Q.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: We're looking for this at the (45:38) moment.
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: For the quarter – is it $191 million for the quarter?
Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. Conor, I can follow up with you on that. I mean like I said it will be...
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Paul Shoukry - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: (46:03).
Jeffrey P. Julien - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: We got a breakdown, but it would take a minute to do some of the math to give you percentages or anything else. But the breakdown is in the Q each quarter, it probably hadn't changed dramatically from last quarter's percentage breakdown.
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then, Paul, appreciate your comments on capital. And I know M&A opportunities can kind of be sporadic in nature. But my question is, how long would you need to go without finding the right opportunity before you would reconsider your capital return policy?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So first, we examine it constantly. We have a capital planning group inside and we certainly present to the board. So it's always open. We're not locked and we're not trying to hoard cash. I mean both the shareholders and where our comp is tied – our deferred RSUs, half of them are tied to ROE. We certainly, I think, are just concerned about getting a return on capital as every other investor. So, we always look at it. I don't know what the calling point was. We resisted when the rule changed to instantly increase dividends because we wanted to do it measure or instantly change capital and we're being very thoughtful about it. And so, I just want to say that our policy on capital has been very much the same and the commitment we made is we can't use it, we're going to return it. And again, we know it grew this quarter and part of that because of the tax changes. So, we're looking at it and we'll talk to the board on it, but I think our long-term strategy is the same. I don't think that will change dramatically. The question is at what points do we think we have capital over-accumulated we can't use and, in that case, it would be to our benefit to return it to shareholders. I mean we're not motivated to keep it for any reason.
Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And your next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Hey, Devin.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Hey. So, I guess first question here just on some of the technology investments that you're making. I mean it seems like it's a bit of an arms race right now to add capabilities and there's a lot of innovation occurring around back-office functions and digitizing there and then adding the capabilities to help advisors become more productive. Can you maybe just talk about some of the investments that you're making into the system right now, and then also how we should think about the related impact on spending over the next few years, because it seems like that's one kind of inflationary trend and just trying to think about how that could flow from here?
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. I think that in the whole industry, the technology spend is certainly up and there's certainly a lot of uses for it. And where we've really focused is two things. One is making sure that we move from multiple platforms to first having a one true source of data for five years. What we haven't – people don't recognize, probably internally or externally, the amount of money we've spent. And with our last initiative going through, which is our automated client onboarding that when we get through this, which has been a little painful to the field as we really collect the data, we'll have one exact source of data across all of our platforms to be able to help clients and our advisors with a lot of data. So, that is that money and we spent money. We started with, first, the advisor apps, won awards on our mobile – our mobility of all of our advisor apps on our iPhones or iPads to make sure that they were up-to-date. And I can tell you from prudent (49:58) that we're extremely competitive. I never want to say we're the best, but we're extremely competitive on those platforms. We secondarily are now spending a lot on the client interface to those apps, so we've had on the board robo-like technology for our clients. But we wanted to do the advisors first to make sure that there was an integrated communication. And those are being rolled out now. So, a lot of the spend is really what I call into those client-facing apps right now. And the other part is supervisory and compliance that we are going through a rewrite. And we feel that we want to also have world-class supervisory and compliance systems that actually instead of compete with the advisors just help them make great decisions right at the point of entry. And so, we've been updating those systems and we've added both a new chief compliance officer and new head of supervision recruited from outside. We've really beefed up kind of our capabilities in those areas. So, that's kind of the big back-office spend we've been going through right now. And through the last few years, we've done things from cash movements and other things in the back office to speed those up. So, we've kind of focused really a lot of our spend on our Private Client Group business, although we've also invested in the bank systems, loan monitoring systems. And I can go through division by division. But the biggest dollar spends have been PCG and advisor and client-facing systems.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, Paul. And then maybe just a follow-up here on kind of industry regulation. So, a couple of things. We're approaching the end of the comment period for FINRA's rule proposal on outside business activity, which could affect oversight requirements for some advisor activity away. I know Raymond James doesn't allow kind of outside custodians. And so, I'm just curious if you have any thoughts on that rule. If there's any implication on Raymond James, or just kind of thought on the industry more broadly. And then also kind of similar kind of theme, the SEC's proposal that could require RIAs to have greater licensing and continuing education requirements, and if that's actually maybe a good thing.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Yeah. So, first of all, we don't get paid on assets held away. We don't have any of those issues that I think they're worried about at other firms. So, the rule changes would have pros or cons that certainly would clarify supervisory responsibilities. They should be more clear than – the rule is a little high level, so a lot of our questions is what does that mean. And then what monitoring requirements would we have if assets are held away in an RIA and we had commissioned-based assets on issues like client suitability, concentration, other things because we couldn't see them all. So, I think that in discussions with Robert Cook and FINRA, they are listening to kind of the issues, and there are pros and cons I think to that rule. We're not overly worried about it. There are things we like about it, like certain outside business activities if you join a charitable board and you're an independent advisor, you become treasurer of your church board, I mean really how much do we need to supervise that. So, those kind of areas, we think, are good. The supervisory ones are a little tricky is, how do you supervise if you don't see the assets. The proposed rule is voluntary, so you can choose to have your own policy, but you're not required to. So, you ask about competition and all the implications, and we've had a good open discussion with FINRA on it. So, I think that rule, I don't know where it will go, but I think it's early to tell. But I can't tell you I've been up the last month worrying about it too much, although we have provided feedback on it.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Got it. And then the SEC just looking for commentary around greater requirements for RIAs around licensing and continuing education, which I know has kind of been maybe one benefit to being an RIA. So, I'm just curious, is that potentially higher bar or something that would change the momentum there or you change oversight requirements, et cetera. I'm just trying to think about that.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: Our view has been first, we're supportive of the advisors in any channels. But we think that both the requirements and the supervision should be similar no matter where you practice, because at the end of the day we're here to protect clients and to get them to invest. So, any rule that kind of makes sure that any advisor and any business is qualified, and that is both whether that's a licensing or testing, and then ongoing education in which we spend a lot of money helping our advisors and our advisors do on their own too, the continuing education would be good. So, I think the trend of the rule is good. We'd rather see one kind of set of rules apply to everybody. It'd certainly simplify our lives and make it a level playing field, but I think this is a move in the positive direction. And again, the devils in the details. We're going to spend a lot of time, I think, in that rule and who you can call an advisor, or an advisor which I think is a little bit weird in the way it's presented, but I understand why it is and things like that. But in general, I think the SEC rule is a good step forward that allows, first, advisor and client flexibility, pushes for full disclosure which clients should have anyway. And we've always thought we had a best interest standard with clients, so we've been, as you know, advocates. Although we publicly opposed the DOL rule and testified – I think we're the largest firm to testify to Congress against it. We've been advocates of the best interest standard and the SEC has stepped up to propose one, and like any rule parts are good, there are parts we would tweak, but that's, I'm sure, every firm has a little different view. But I think it's a really good move in the right direction and we'll see during the comment period what comes out.
Devin P. Ryan - JMP Securities LLC: Yeah. Great, okay. Appreciate it, Paul. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Paul C. Reilly - Raymond James Financial, Inc.: So, great, I'd like to just thank you all for joining the call and I believe we had a good quarter. Our assets show and positioning in advisors that we have good momentum and hopefully the markets will be conducive over the next quarter. So, thanks for joining and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you, Ashley.
Operator: You're welcome. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-01-25 08:15:00) =====
Executives: Paul Shoukry - IR  Paul Reilly - Chairman & CEO Jeffrey Julien - EVP of Finance, CFO & Treasurer Steven Raney - President & CEO of Raymond James Bank
Analysts: Devin Ryan - JMP Securities Yian Dai - KBW  Steven Chubak - Nomura Securities  Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities  William Katz - Citigroup Conor Fitzgerald - Goldman Sachs Group
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the earnings call for Raymond James Financial's Fiscal First Quarter of 2018 Analyst Call. My name is Tamara, and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website. Now I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Tamara. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on this call. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments. In addition, words such as believes, expects, will, could and would that necessarily depend on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note forward-looking statements are subject to risks, and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K, which is available on our website. During today's call, we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Well, this earnings release marks our 120th consecutive quarters of profitability, so 30 years of quarterly profitability. That's a quarter since Black Monday, when we had a small loss because Tom kept the retail trading desk over to help clients. So it's a big benchmark for us. It shows long-term performance. And as we work towards our 121st consecutive quarter, it's comforting to know that the federal government has funded itself all the way until February 8. But despite what happens in the markets, we seem to be able to perform based on our kind of overall long-term strategic outlook. We're pleased with the results this quarter. Private Client Group, Asset Management and the bank, all had record net quarterly revenues and pretax income. The Capital Markets' quarter was disappointing but as we'll speak about a little later, I think a lot of that was really timing related.  For the quarter, we had record quarterly net revenue of $173 billion, up 16% over a year ago and 2% on the preceding quarter. And quarterly net income of $118.8 million, down 19% or 39% sequentially, but really affected by the estimated discrete tax impact of $117 million. If you exclude that tax impact and the $4 million related acquisition expenses, our adjusted net income of $238.8 million or $1.61 per diluted share was up 33% from a year ago and 9% sequentially. Quarterly annualized ROE of 8.4% and adjusted quarterly annualized ROE of 16.8%, which is really very good considering our low leverage and strong capital position.  Maybe more importantly for the business, our quarter ended with records in all of our key business drivers, record number of financial advisers, record asset under administration of $727.2 billion, record assets under management of $130.3 billion and record net loans at the bank of $17.7 billion. As you look to the segment, Private Client Group, as I already said, had a record quarterly net revenue and pretax, really driven by just continued retention of our advisers and still very, very solid recruiting momentum. We continue with our growth in fee-based assets. And before we get too carried away, we had a little help from the markets and interest rates with the vibrant equity market and the tax law change. But with that, our fee-based assets accounts grew 32% year-over-year and 8% sequentially, and our client assets under administration up 46% over a year ago. So all very strong numbers. Although year-over-year cash is still down, we had a nice sequential uptick in client cash at $44.3 billion, which has also helped drive interest earnings, as Jeff will talk more about. Asset management record quarterly revenue up 32% year-over-year and 15% sequentially, record pretax profits of 37% year-over-year and 18% sequentially, again, all strong numbers. And that's a combination of organic growth, increased private client penetration, rising markets and inflows, and of course, the Scout and Reams acquisition, which added $27 billion to our AUM. We're thrilled to welcome Scout and Reams to our Carillon Towers Associates, which is now comprised of Eagle, ClariVest, Cougar and Scout and Reams. The bank had record net revenues and pretax, as stated earlier, really driven by net record loans of $17.7 billion, up 12% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. And this growth was diversified against our residential mortgage, SBL and tax-exempt loans. It's good growth across the board. More importantly, the credit quality continue to improve. Credit size loans were down 11% really due to payoffs. The bank's NIM down to 308, 3 bps down, but Jeff will talk about it. A lot of this was really attributed to the tax law change than cash balances. Capital Markets was a very difficult quarter. Net revenue is down 7% year-over-year, 18% sequentially. Pretax down 78% year-over-year and 89% sequentially. The year-over-year decline has been really -- a lot of it's challenged institutional, fixed income and equity commissions. That's been due to the whole industry. We had low volatility and a flattening yield curve.  Sequentially, though, the numbers were really driven by investment banking being down, particularly M&A. We had a very strong September 30 quarter and they tend to average out. And a lot of the, we think, the underperformance is really just timing of closing, so the M&A tends to be a very lumpy business. So overall, good results, we believe, strong performance. I'll talk a little bit about the outlook for those segments after Jeff goes through a little detail in some of the numbers. Jeff?
Jeffrey Julien: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to say that the variances from the consensus model were fairly minor with a couple of exceptions this quarter and only one item was a negative variance. So I think that does well for us getting the story out and you understanding the story. On the top line, our big headline numbers, securities commissions and fees, the consensus was reasonably close. We had a very modest fee there mainly because of transaction-based volume, including in the institutional segments we're a little better than they were in the previous quarter than the preceding quarter. But I think on a fee basis, everything's pretty close as we disclose fee-based assets. The negative variance and what everyone's commented on in their comments so far as investment banking line, which was down 50% sequentially, was a fairly weak quarter for virtually all the divisions in Capital Markets and there are some detail of that line item in the press release. But you can see that if you look at last year, we had a similar start so there may be some seasonality at play here. But this follows, obviously, a very strong September quarter for us. It looks sequentially quite slow. And we made some comments in the press release that it's not a matter of activity levels, it's more a matter of timing when individual revenues get recognized. On the expense item, really looking at Page 5 of the press release at the moment, on the expense side, communication and information processing was lower than we were guiding you to last call. And we would say that our outlook is that we do think it'll trend higher on a quarterly basis for the rest of the year and we're sort of staying with our high 80s per quarter guidance that we gave you. Maybe last quarter, this one was a little lower, just has to do with the timing of new systems coming on stream, et cetera. So I think the high 80s is still a good number for modeling purposes there. The other expense that beat pretty handily was business development, and that's also a timing question. They're a timing of when we run flights of our commercials. They're timing of visits, which is seasonally around the holidays, get a little slow in terms of some of the recruiting activities. There's also timing of conferences in December. We really have no major conferences where we do in all the other quarters. So we would still stay with the high 30s to $40 million per quarter type estimate on that line, even though it was lower than that in this particular quarter. Another expense that was under projection was the bank loan loss provision. We had almost $700 million of net loan growth in the quarter. So with our -- given our reserve is a little over 1%, you would assume if the mix was the same, it'd be about a $7 million loan loss provision for the quarter. That didn't happen, obviously, and that was mainly because we had -- we received payoffs for about 5 or 6 criticized loans during the quarter. The sponsor stepped up or the projects were able to refinance, et cetera. So that released a lot of reserves in the quarter. And you can see that in the decline in criticized loans and criticized assets. I think the 1% of projected net loan growth is probably still the right way to model that line item going forward. And then the 800-pound gorilla is income taxes. I think the consensus model that we had, I think, was before people even tried to adjust. We issued an 8-K on January 11, talking about how the interest rate would work for us for the year where we used a blended federal statutory rate of 24.5% for this fiscal year. Our actual effective rate for the quarter adjusted was 24.1%, and the reason that is low. So federal is 24.5, obviously, there's state taxes on top of that. So we think 28%, if I had to pick a number for the rest of this year, 28% is probably about the right blended rate to use for modeling. The reason it was 24% this quarter had to do with our seemingly ever-present COLI gains, at least for the last year. And then, as you know, in our first fiscal quarter, we have the equity comp benefit and we've talked about that in the past. It's not quite as lucrative as it was when rates were 35%, but it'll still mean about $10 million or so of benefit in the December quarter going forward. And then the onetime charge, we were estimating $120 million when we put out the 8-K. We're currently estimating $117 million. The reason it's an estimate is it depends on when some of these deferred items are realized because at this year, obviously, they'd be realized at the higher rate than next fiscal year when we really will be at 21% federal statutory rate. But that was refined to $117 million. A little over $100 million of that relates to revaluation of our deferred tax asset, the biggest items in there being deferred compensation, a bank loan loss provision and, to a lesser extent, legal provisions. And then the balance of it was deemed foreign repatriation from our Canadian subsidiary. So for this year, again, I'd use -- for modeling purposes, I would probably use 28%. And then for next fiscal year and forward, I'd probably use a blended rate of 25% plus or minus whatever you want to assume for COLI and other things that might happen in the quarter. But for statutory rates, those would be good items to use. A couple of other things. You may notice on the P&L, we no longer have a line item called clearance and floor brokerage. It was a fairly small number. It's may or may not -- maybe a required line item on broker-dealer financials, but it's certainly not in ours, holding company level financial. So we've merged that into the other line so that won't be a separate line going forward. Investment advisory fees, I should note Paul mentioned the Scout, Reams acquisition, which closed in mid-November. That aided investment advisory revenues by about $9 million for the December quarter. So you could assume, at least for the current level of assets, about $18 million a quarter of revenues from that. It may be slightly dilutive to the asset management segment margin, but not dramatically so. So that's pretty close. I think we told -- we mentioned $70 million to $75 million annually when we did the transaction last year. So that's falling right in line with that. Net interest income, obviously, a record number there, $192 million for the quarter, the deposit beta getting all the hype. By the way, when we talk about the deposit beta for us, it doesn't pertain to that $44 billion that Paul mentioned. It pertains to about $24 billion of that. And then there's about $2 billion that's in various money market funds and then the rest is swept to Raymond James Bank, which shows up in the Raymond James Bank net interest margin separately. So we're really talking about direct earnings on the $24 billion. And some of that is not an interest. It's in account and service fees from external banks as we've talked about in the past, but still impacts the P&L. Since the December rate hike, we've moved to raise rates to clients twice, but the total amount of that move on a weighted average basis is just a little under 10 basis points. So our retained spread has grown to about 130 basis points on that $24 billion. We are now seeing frequent but fairly small adjustments from the competitors. So if nothing happens in March or June or whatever the next potential hike is, my guess is there'll be some compression of that. If there's another hike in March and/or June or other times, we may be able to take advantage of a little bit of the lag effect and maintain this beta for a period of time. But for now, we're certainly enjoying a historically high and potentially unsustainable spread on these cash balances. So that was a beat slightly. On the RJ Bank net interest margin, we've added a page to the press release, Page 9, which is basically the computation of the bank's net interest margin on a quarterly basis. We get a lot of questions about that. I think we put that in our Q, but we have it ready in time. We'll just include it in the press release. And you can see the two factors. Obviously, we had a little bit of lift from the client -- from the raise in rates for 0.5 month at the bank as well. But the real reason that the NIM decline was two things, it was higher average cash balances as we sweep more cash on balance sheet in preparation for continued loan growth and securities portfolio growth; and secondly, the revaluation of the taxable equivalent yield for the tax-exempt portfolio was a pretty big factor. And you can see that in that table pretty apparently. So that was an impact of the Tax Act on the NIM. Our comp ratio for the quarter was 66.8%, a little better than our stated 67% target, but worse than the preceding quarter. This one was driven mainly because of the embedded comp in the Capital Market segment, which then we just did not have the revenue production from that segment this quarter. So as a result, that segment had a high average comp and that high comp ratio and that drove the entire firm's comp ratio up just a little bit. So if they get some normal activity, we would think that we might get back to the low 66s again, like they were in the preceding quarter.  We did mention in the last quarter and quarters before that we made a grid adjustment to Private Client Group. What I would tell you was it yielded virtually no benefit to us in this particular quarter. What's happened is since we started formulating that grid adjustment 3 or 4 quarters ago, there's been enough bracket creep from people with good production with help from the markets because a lot of our assets, as you know, are fee based. That virtually ate up the benefit that we would have seen in one of the divisions and the other divisions phasing theirs in over time. So we haven't -- we didn't -- aren't really seeing any benefit from that except it would have been higher if we hadn't done it, I guess, is the benefit that we saw, but it didn't really have a direct impact looking at the ratio compared to prior periods. A couple of things on Page 8 of the press release, Paul mentioned the ROE of 16.8%. I mean, that's the highest I can remember in a long, long time for a quarter here in the adjusted pretax margin of 18.3%. Obviously, both those things were interest rate aided, interest spread aided. And then in our case of the ROE, tax rate aided as well. We'll be fine-tuning our targets in this area now that the Tax Act has passed. And we'll be updating our targets and we'll let you know when we have some better feel for all the impacts to the Tax Act. It's not just the rate to us, but it impacts some of our businesses as well as it impacts tax credit bonds, impacts public finance and the municipal bond area can impact tax-exempt lending at the bank. So we've got to look at the impacts on all these businesses to try to fine-tune our targets. Also on that page, you can see the capital ratios. They're all modestly lower, both at the holding company and the bank, than they were in the preceding quarter, mainly due to the asset growth of the company for the quarter, over about $1.2 billion in total assets. But we didn't really have the accompanying capital growth, mainly because of the discrete tax charge that Paul mentioned. So that we didn't get -- capital didn't keep up with the asset growth because of that charge. But going forward, I would not expect that to be the case, particularly as we had a lower tax rate going forward. I do want to make sure that everyone noted the footnote by the growth in financial advisers, footnote 11. We -- if you remember last year, we had a recategorization of some advisers out. We actually subtracted about 100 because they were in predominantly nonproducing roles. This quarter, we did -- we had the opposite in another division of the company, where we've had people that met certain test for production assets. They're all on a team meeting with -- whatever the various tests are that they really truly are full-time producers and put into that category now. We're not trying to show the highest number possible. We have a lot more registered people than that. We could show a higher number. We could show a lower number. But what we try to really do is show what the people that we think are their primary mission is, full-time adviser production. And so we're trying not to distort average assets and average production in numbers like that. So that adjustment was made. It was still a decent recruiting quarter. Actually, in both divisions, we just had in the employee side a larger than normal number of retirements and people leaving the business. And some switching divisions and other things that cause them to look flat for the quarter. But in the contractor division, we had a nice recruiting quarter of 70 or so advisers. Last comment I'll make, one thing you can't see and hear is the percentage of recurring revenues for the quarter. It actually reached a high, partially aided by poor investment banking revenues, which are all transaction based. But it hit 73.9% for the quarter. So for the quarter closing in on three quarters of our total revenues in the category we call recurring. So with that, I will turn it back over to Paul for some outlook comments.
Paul Reilly: Great, and thanks, Jeff. First, just the overall market and business confidence is, obviously, is high right now. So don't know how long it lasts and certainly subject to other things, including government staying open and global issues. But everything looks positive right now.  There are several tailwinds really coming into the quarter as we talked, again, just our primary drivers are at records. Adviser and advisory recruitment is still strong. Our assets under administration, asset under management will lead -- should lead to higher billings in the quarter. And we expect the bank loans record to continue to grow but more at a modest pace. Certainly, the interest rate changes should help us into the quarter and we'll see where it kind of goes going forward. There's been a lot of talk about the Tax Act and the effect of the philosophy of companies and what to do with those earnings, and this won't be a shocker for anyone who's followed Raymond James very long as it doesn't really affect our overall philosophy. Our focus stays first on our clients, our advisers, our associates and shareholders. Our strategy is still to focus on organic growth and be very disciplined about acquisitions. We continued to look for acquisitions in the market. And if we find things that culturally fit to our business at a reasonable price, we'll do that. I don't think the Tax Act really changes that.  Our dividend payout ratio has stayed in the 25% to 30% range. I'm sure the board will review, now that that's up going forward, what to do there, but our payout ratio has been very consistent for many, many years. We've only purchased shares opportunistically when it made sense for the company. I don't think this act changes any of that. Now if we get to the point we feel like we can't deploy capital effectively, we'll look at other ways of returning it. But so far, we feel like we've been able to do this. And this philosophy has driven our long-term performance, and I think we see no reason to change really the basis of how we operate. We have not announced any major things for associates. We have traditionally looked what other firms have done both on minimum wage, and for most of our employees, they get over 7%, putting deferred programs for them this year already. We gave bonuses really in the last two years, and this year, we gave bonuses for those impacted, which is a big part, in Irma. And we'll continue to look at this year where we have an associate survey out now on all of our benefit plans, what the fair thing to do is, but we don't -- we're not going to do anything knee-jerk just because it passed. We'll continue to look and see what's fair and make sure that our associates are treated well and fairly and the shareholders. One of the changes I think we're starting to feel is really some change in the regulatory tone overall. We all know about the delay now in the DOL. The SEC now is in conjunction with the DOL and working with FINRA, and the industry input is looking at a standard to go across all accounts that's more holistic and, in their words, really focuses on preserving choice for clients and their advisers. So DOL, the most draconian parts of that have been delayed and we think probably won't get enacted. And we'll have some overstaying or mirroring type of, we believe, something from the SEC. They said it's a high priority. The tones from the regulators on top has changed. You hear very consistent we are your regulators, we're going to regulate. But they're looking at a more balanced, cost-effective, cost benefit type of approach. Now that may take a while to get down through the system, but you really can't feel it maybe in the lack of new rules that were coming out left and right before the administration change.  One of the things I think that has had bipartisan support, both in the last administration and this, is lifting the $50 billion threshold, which obviously, as we get closer to that, would be a positive for us also. A lot of industry press on the broker protocol. Some firms have announced that they were leaving the broker protocol. And at Raymond James, we are just steadfast supporters of broker protocol. We recognize the importance of the adviser-client relationship and don't believe it's our place to interfere with that. Also, the impact of leaving that broker protocol in place, it really kind of forces us to focus on making this the best platform.  At Raymond James, one of our foundations has been we focus on clients first, next on the advisers, even to the point that we give book ownership to our employee advisers. We say if you want to leave and go to a firm and you're in good standing, we'll help you move them. And that forces us to really be the best platform for them and their clients, and we believe it's a positive.  We also believe that clients deserve the right, it's their right, to choose what adviser they have and what platform they're on, and we believe it's not our job to interfere with that right. So we continue to be strong supporters of the broker protocol and believe it's just an inherent right of clients and advisers. To close, outlooks in the division, Private Client Group. Our strong adviser growth and pipeline, together with higher quarterly fee billings, should bode well for the coming quarter. And cash spreads have certainly still helped the Private Client Group, and again, without any major changes, there should be a lift in that to the Private Client Group segment. Asset management, same factors are really driving them and with the addition of Scout and Reams fully on the platform for a quarter. And again, record assets under management should bode well for the quarter. RJ Bank, we continue to expect disciplined growth. This quarter was a high growth number for a lot of factors, including tax-exempt loans where a lot of people wanted to refinance before the tax law changed. But so the growth was higher than normal, but we will keep the same model we've had and look at as long there's good loans, good ROEs, we -- I think you'll still see the kind of growth you've seen in the past. Capital Markets, I think that challenging on institutional commissions and equities and in fixed income should continue. That's been a challenging part. But M&A, the underwriting and equity on -- the whole equity underwriting and M&A business looks -- the backlog looks good. So I think you'll see more of -- to our old guidance for the year. We have no reason to change that. Near term, we think public finance as a tax credit business may be still a little impacted getting back up, but the markets will find their equilibrium. So the tax credit, as long as there are CRA requirements, it'll be a balancing of sellers and buyers for those tax credits and may have some impact on profitability. But we assume those will work through the pipeline. Might take a little bit, another quarter to do that, but we feel pretty good about the long-term outlook. Jeff talked about the expense ratios, and I think our guidance really still hold on expenses. The comp ratio was a little elevated because M&A was down, which has a lower comp payout. But the guidance, I think, holds. And remember that we have FICA reset year-end mailings and all those things that hit us in the first quarter.  So I believe we're in great shape. Our positioning's good. We don't feel like we're super managers because of these numbers. We realize we have market help, so we stay disciplined, realizing that markets aren't always this robust. We'll enjoy them while they happen. I think we're in a good place to monetize them, but we always focus what happens if it goes the other way to make sure we're in good shape.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Tamara for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Devin Ryan.
Devin Ryan: Maybe the first question here, just -- and it's a few parts, but I want to dig in a little more around kind of the tax reform commentary and some of the benefits. So capital is building, sounds like the philosophy is very consistent. But I guess, the first part of the question is, do you feel like it moves the ball forward at all on M&A? Obviously, that's a priority. So does it feel like maybe some things are moving closer as a result to having uncertainty or for any other driver? That's part one. And the second part is on spending. Do you lean in more on any specific projects or technology spending? Just trying to think about how you may look to spend some of that. And then the last part of the question is around just competition and it doesn't seem like there's any obvious areas where the benefit could be computed away. Maybe lending, but just trying to think about anything I might be missing there in your business.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think, Devon, one of the things that's good here, just because we have more money, we don't feel obligated to spend it. So on acquisitions, we really look -- we continually look. We have a corporate development function. I think the ones we've done so far, we need more time in the last three to show they paid off or four, but we think we did very good strategic cultural acquisitions and we continue to look.  Obviously, the more capital you have, if they're a little bigger, maybe you're -- you feel like you can do them, but I don't think it fundamentally changes anything there. We have a very robust technology spend, but the one thing about technology, we never run out of ideas or more ways to spend it. But I think our guidance is, for this year, is about what we can do well. If there's overspends, it may be for consulting help or stuff. I think we've got a full plate of technology and the guidance we've given you is a good guidance. So our view is just because tax rates are down doesn't mean we should change the fundamentals of the business at all. So the question will be over the next year or so or two if we're accumulating capital faster we can deploy it, what do you do with shareholders? So far, we feel that capital ratio is built slightly but it's been in the range and we found areas to invest it, and hopefully, we can invest it to make it a better platform and business. And if we can't, we'll look at Plan B but I don't think it changes anything short term.
Devin Ryan: And then areas that -- things might be computed away or some of the benefit could be computed away over time?
Paul Reilly: No. I mean, there is all -- there's talk about how, in lending, it will be all given back to clients. I'm not sure we see that yet. Just like interest rates weren't all given back to clients in the industry. We're the first to raise a number of times and no one followed. So now we're in maybe the middle or upper middle of the pack. But I don't see any rush on loans or any part of our business to give away tax. We always associate -- we always look how our associates are treated. I think we've adjusted that and we may have some adjustments, but that'll be more on the fairness market comp, making sure we're treating our people well, which I think we always have. So I don't see anything from our management team. We just came in an off-site and I don't see anything that jumps out on us where we feel like that because of this found money, we should do anything different right now.
Devin Ryan: Got it, okay. And then with respect to the broker protocol, I think Raymond James is pretty clear in its position here. But obviously, the status of the actual protocol seems like it's a little bit fluid here in the firms that are in and/or out of it. And so I'm just curious, now that several or even a few kind of large firms have now backed away, is your appetite to recruit from those firms lower? I know that there's obviously been over time firms that are not in it and you still recruit from them. So I'm just curious kind of does that create more complexity in recruiting at all? Do you still feel confident in kind of playbook to recruit from firms that are not in the protocol?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think that there's a number of firms that we recruit from are non-protocol and we just make sure we follow and the advisers are instructed and taught that they have to follow the letter of the rule. And as long as they do that, they're still free to move and their clients can follow them, subject to whatever contracts they have and following protocol. So I think we're just very clear on those folks what it takes to come over, and we've been doing it for years. We disagree that, I think, protocol was really raised by the industry given regulatory concerns on clients have the right to choose their adviser and know where their advisers are going. And there may be some regulatory intervention on this, too, that will help reinforce the protocol. So our -- people have always said our book ownership policy was going to hurt our retention, and our retention's been really world-class. And again, we think it's quite the opposite when you lock people in. It gives you an excuse not to perform well.  And we don't think that's a good factor for us or our clients. So it hadn't hurt us so far. We book ownership protocol. We haven't seen anything really in the pipeline. Might be a little slower getting the first members over under the new rules, but so far, so good. So I don't see any drastic change.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. And then just last year, tax credits and debt underwriting, I mean, do you have any sense of how long it could take the markets to adjust tax reform? Do you think it's purely timing or maybe more so for the tax credits business? Do you think it drives a structural change to that market and then trying to think about some of the other inputs, infrastructure if we do kind of move a plan forward here without actually being a catalyst for the debt underwriting side? I'm just trying to think about some of the moving parts.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think in public finance, there'll be a little bit of input, a little bit of volume change just because of things that aren't available. But did -- I don't think it will be that significant. The tax credit business, we already have had the slowdown since they've talked about reform change and no one wanted to speculate on what the rate was going to be and there's a gap between buyers and sellers. The project developers wanted the old rate and the banks didn't want to take the risk on the new rate. Now we know what the rate is. So that'll adjust economics. May hit our margins some and it's going to reprice. And as long as there's CRA needed, I mean, this wasn't bought on a competitive to other investments. It was bought for CRA and a reasonable return. And I think that will reprice and now people know what the rates are and we get through that phase, we think that business should be fine under current rules.
Operator: The next response is from the line of Ann Dai.
Yian Dai: The first one, I just wanted to zero in on expenses quickly and see if there were any meaningful amount of expenses, whether in comp or some other expense lines that might have essentially been pulled forward into fourth quarter with the tax reform and that you might not expect to recur.
Jeffrey Julien: Yes. No, there was nothing that we did in that regard. As you know, our effective tax rate is for the entire fiscal year. So by the time the law got passed, we are already in the lower rate the environment. So we really didn't have the same opportunity that calendar year and the company's had. So we -- with expenses felt like they felt, we did know -- had no reason to do any manipulation. It'll be the same rate in March or June as it was in the December quarter.
Yian Dai: Okay, makes sense. And another quick question on MiFID. Now that we're just -- were a few weeks into 2018, can you give us an updated view into the discussions that you're having with clients around MiFID II? And just give a sense for what you think the impact might be to the equities business on a year-over-year basis.
Paul Reilly: So I'm not sure we're prepared to really talk about what the impact will be. Certainly, the discussions are there. And certainly, as we've always said, it's not going to be a positive, right? So it's any time you're negotiating and you have something like MiFID, it's a reason to drop what you pay people. So I think it's early. As an overall part of our business, Raymond James as a whole, it's not that big. But certainly, it's not going to be a positive impact. But it's too early to tell you what that's going to be right now.
Yian Dai: Okay, understood. Last thing's on CRE. Just looking at the yield decline in the CRE portfolio, was that driven by new loans and a reflection of where the market is today? Or was that decline more from repayment of old loans or roll-off of higher-yielding stuff?
Steven Raney: Yes. Ann, it's Steve Raney. Yes, it's kind of the normal flow. I would say, there's been maybe more pressure in commercial real estate in terms of spreads that the market is demanding now. And as you know, we have a lot of clients that are REITs that tend to be lower price than the project finance loans and our loan growth in REITs was a little bit higher in the quarter. So it was repayments of prior loans. Jeff cited that we had a couple of criticized loans that were in the commercial real estate category that paid off in full and then replaced with new loans at lower spreads.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Steve Chubak.
Steven Chubak: So was hoping to dig in a little bit more and early clarify some of the tax guidance on the 25%. And Jeff, I know that the 21% federal rate, the state and local has run on average on an adjusted basis for the lower deduction about 3% to 4%. So it tells us that you're essentially assuming no benefit from additional tax credits, which is since a lot of the benefits appear to have been preserved even with the change in the tax law, whether it's things such as low-income housing credits, I'm just wondering what level of future credits do you think would be reasonable to assume going forward and to what extent is that contemplated in your tax guidance.
Jeffrey Julien: Yes. Well, we have kind of things that go in both directions. I mean, we have -- I mentioned that we get the benefit of the equity comp provision in December quarter of each year. That's going to impact that rate. COLI can work either direction, depending which direction the equity markets go. The new law also isn't all positive. There are some clawbacks to the lower rate. We lose some of our meals and entertainment deduction. We -- next year, not this fiscal year, but next year, we'll have some equity comp impact -- equity comp -- have some executive comp impact, my bad, going forward. And in fact, because our bank is over $10 billion, we have a phaseout of some of our FDIC premium deductibility. So everything's not just change the rate and it's done. There are some other factors, and we're having to do a little bit of -- obviously, we don't know what the markets are going to do for COLI and -- but the other things, we do have a reasonable handle on. And so that weighted average -- and that's a weighted average statutory rate with these things that we're aware of is the guidance I'm giving you. The big swing there in either direction is going to be what our $300 million-or-so COLI portfolio does on any given quarter, but I think everyone's sort of used to that now and the impact on rates. And -- but if the markets are relatively flat, that shouldn't have a huge impact. So those all factored into our estimate of the rate I would use for modeling going forward.
Steven Chubak: Great. It's extremely helpful. I had a follow-up just relating to some of the discussion around capital management priorities. As I think back to, it was 1Q '16, when your stock was trading at north of a 20% discount to the market. You guys got pretty aggressive and actually bought back shares. I know it's a very different environment then. But just looking at the improvement in your earnings profile, you're actually trading on a tax-adjusted basis, just taking your new guidance at an even higher discount today. And I'm wondering, what valuation levels are your guys looking at when considering the potential for additional share repurchase? I'm just trying to understand some of the dynamics given the pace of capital build that we're expected to see, what we should be expecting and the bank growth targets you've already outlined, whether you guys might have more appetite to actually initiate a share repurchase program.
Paul Reilly: So once again, I think the discounts you're referring to are to the S&P, not to the financials. So we're -- we look at share repurchases just as opportunistic and where we can earn a return. We don't look at it to manage capital. So as -- just as a mechanism, a short term, to do something with earnings. So everything we do is very long term. And so the rule's just been passed. We understand. We should have, right? If the markets don't turn, we just can't assume the markets are going to continue to be constructive and we're going to make all that extra money. But we'll look and we're not going to do anything for a quarter. We're going to look as we go. We're going to look at our growth and our acquisition opportunities. And if we can use the capital, we'll use it that way. If we can't use it, we'll look at alternatives. So we don't feel in any rush to do anything different and our philosophy hasn't changed. We just may have a little more capital to do things with. So I think speculation that we're going to buy shares now just because we have much -- we have more capital isn't -- doesn't fit our philosophy that we've had for many, many years. So I know we are under pressure before we repurchase shares to repurchase shares, and when we waited and did what we did, everyone said, well, you guys are pretty smart about it. Now all of a sudden, we're down because we're not doing it right again really fast. So we're going to hold our philosophy. And I think part of this long-term growth and return that we've had in out-performance has been because we look long term, not just how can we do something for the next quarter or two. So you're going to see the same type of behavior. We just have -- may have a little more capital. If the markets hold up, to do -- to look at.
Steven Chubak: And just one final one from me on the deposit beta commentary. I'm just trying to parse it a bit since I know you guys have tended to be fairly conservative in terms of some of the guidance that you've given. I mean, it looks like the messaging, though, from your peers has suggested that the positive beta from here should track more in line with historical levels. They've cited somewhere in the range of 50% to 60%. It felt like with some of the remarks, that essentially the competitive dynamics are really going to dictate or anchor what you guys do on the deposit side. Not necessarily relying on what we've seen historically in the last rate cycle. I mean, is that a fair reasonable expectation? So long as competitors are running within that range, that you guys aren't going to deviate materially from that?
Paul Reilly: I'd say we have two principles. One, we're going to be competitive. If we have to be the business, we are going to be fair to clients. And I think that our view has been, at some point, there will be a demand for cash and rates will get more competitive than they are today. So that may or may not happen. The spread between client deposits and other alternatives, whether the government funds and others widening, and at some point, interest rate markets are competitive like any other ones. So I think it's pretty speculative to say that we're just going to give away half of the future increases. At some point, if history's been -- is going to hold true at all, that's going to get much more competitive. And there are times when those rates are double years ago, right, when rates were very, very high. So we will just see. We'll -- that's why we're conservative in guidance. We don't know. But we're certainly -- we're not in a race just to be the highest. I think we're being very thoughtful, being very competitive, but we don't want to be fair also.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Chris Harris.
Christopher Harris: We may have to go back a bit in time to answer this question. But wonder if you guys could help us understand what the environment was like for adviser recruiting prior to the broker protocol. And I think getting that perspective would help us try to gauge what things might look like if protocol were to dissolve for some reason.
Paul Reilly: That's a good question. It's been around a long time now, and we're a different firm than we were back then, too. So with our size and scale, I don't think we were the -- today, we are one of the alternatives from people leaving bigger firms. Back then, we did recruit but certainly not to the level and size we do today. So the market's very, very different. I don't know if you can draw that conclusion. We can certainly look at how we recruit from non-protocol firms today, and they don't seem to -- it doesn't seem to get in the way. So I don't know if I'd be prepared to go back in a different firm. It's a very good question and maybe we ought to talk about that a little bit and think through it here. But it was a different time. We were a different firm, it's a different market. 60 firms that took us public, there's eight names left. They're all not in the Private Client Group business. I mean, it's a dynamic market. But good question, I just don't have a good answer for that right now. But we don't -- again, what I can tell you is that our pipeline looks very good for recruiting.
Christopher Harris: Got you, okay. And then another sort of related question I was wondering about, firms that make the decision to get out of protocol restrict adviser and client movement. Do you think that ultimately might be able to be challenged under fiduciary standards?
Paul Reilly: I think that I know that we've raised it. I know some of the regulators are looking at it, which we believe the clients have an endemic right to know where their adviser is and to choose advisers, whether they leave us or join us. So I actually think and I know at one point regulators were looking at it when the industry came up with protocol. And we certainly are raising it. And another, I think that's the place to -- for it really to be solved just to say what's the right of a client. And it's hard for me to imagine, talk to yourself as clients with your adviser your accounts. Do you feel like you should know where your adviser goes or have the right to choose? And I think it's a fundamental right of investors. So we'll see where that develops out and if regulators take a stand on it or not. But we just think it's the right thing to do.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of Bill Katz.
William Katz: A couple of tactical questions, a lot of the big picture questions already asked. As you think about the interplay on the business for the NIM, just wondering if could give us sort of an update on how you sort of think the NIM plays out over the next couple of quarters as you potentially redeploy some of the pickup of cash you may have gotten from the strong growth in the business.
Jeffrey Julien: I think the NIM will -- barring anything else, it should go back into that 3.10% to 3.20% range that we were sort of guiding to. I mean, we'll get a full quarter of the benefit of the rate hike in December that some of that does and near to the bank is well. And at least I don't know, Steve can comment, I don't haven't seen the Tax Act cause any particular compression there of loan rates at this point.
Steven Raney: Yes. Bill, we haven't noticed anything yet. Obviously, it's still early days in terms of spread compression that I would attribute to that. I mean, we've seen credit spreads obviously come in quite a bit over the last couple of years, so just given a lot of demand for loans, but I would not attribute any changes here recently to any of the tax law changes nor is our strategy changing in terms of the types of credits that we're going to pursue nor do we expect to have a lot higher average cash balance than we had this past quarter, nor do we expect to expand the securities portfolio aggressively in the face of rate hikes. So those won't be factors that drag on it particularly going forward either.
William Katz: Okay. And just sort of circling back to capital management again, sorry to beat the dead horse. But it sort of seems like with the tax reform, that you'll have a nice step function up in the ROE of the company, even if markets sort of stabilize from current -- past growth. So certainly, it seems you are going to build a fair amount of capital. So is it really just something on the spending side that you've been delaying that might pick up a little bit? Didn't sound like that from your prepared comments are in technology. Just trying to understand in the give and take around the capital generation and the return of the company.
Paul Reilly: Once again, I think the theoretical capital generation, assuming the markets are good, it gives us the opportunity. We're going to look at strategic acquisitions. We certainly are -- the biggest use of our capital right now is probably recruiting, and that's certainly been a big driver of our metric. We can think that will continue and we just don't look at doing anything outside at the moment. Technology, we have a pretty aggressive technology spend and a lot on the plate. I'm not sure how much we could really speed that up just because of capacity and competing systems that rely on each other as you're -- if you want to put out a new system, it's relying on a number of other systems, so they have limiting factors. And I don't see anything yet, doesn't mean it won't come or won't happen as we look and study this or see market reactions that would say just because we have the money, I think it's the worst reason in the world is just to spend it, right? So I don't think shareholders like it either, that because we have extra money, we'll decrease the ROE -- projected ROE because we could spend it on something. No, it has to be a good spend and I just don't see where we would inject the delta in tax savings right now on an area that would be great for shareholders outside of earnings. If we find it, we'll do something, but it's not apparent to me.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of the Conor Fitzgerald.
Conor Fitzgerald: Just wanted to ask on the cash buildup in the bank, just a little sense around how quickly you think you can get the extra $350 million deployed. And if you just comment on what type of reinvestment yields you're seeing in your securities portfolio today.
Jeffrey Julien: We can control the growth pretty readily with the securities portfolio. We're -- I mean, that certainly could fund our growth for substantially a quarter or so. We don't have a specified target. We're just trying to stay ahead of our growth in the bank on loan activity. I think this was, as Paul mentioned, this was sort of an exceptionally high growth quarter. I don't think I would annualize the growth for this particular quarter in loans.
Steven Raney: No, I would say low double digits. 10% to 12% would be a great target for us for the next 12 months. And the types of yields we're looking at in the securities portfolio right now are kind of the -- once again, in terms of the duration that we're looking at, it's kind of in the 2.75% range. Once again, we're planning to stay relatively short on the securities.
Jeffrey Julien: Yes. And the reason it didn't grow much last quarter is we're staying so short. There are huge pay-downs every quarter of the portfolio. So it's -- net basis, it's going to be a little hard, particularly if we slow down on the buy side a little bit in the face of rising rates.
Steven Raney: As a reminder, everything we're doing is agency-backed. No credit risk in the securities portfolio.
Jeffrey Julien: And the average life is generally a little over three years.
Conor Fitzgerald: And Paul, appreciate your commentary around no obvious sources for tax reform to get computed away. But what about your appetite for growth or recruiting? Like most businesses, you obviously think about decisions when you're hiring somebody partly on an after-tax return basis or earn-back basis. It just seems like mathematically, at least, a lower tax rate should increase your upside for growth or at least what you're willing to pay the recruited advisers. Do you think that flows through at all?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So first, I mean, our pipeline is very, very strong and I -- it's like anything else. You can unleash growth and you make bad decisions. So we look at the ROE. It's interesting in, if I was an investor, I wouldn't mind higher ROE instead of people just spending it just to spend it. So I mean, we're going to focus where we get good ROE. Most advisers come over and they're paid on transition as a function of their trailing 12s. So you also have to look at the markets. Is the market going to continue to grow robustly from here for the next seven years while you get that ROE back? So sure, you can raise it and we can make great models to show why it's a good investment. But also, since we are not the highest payer in transition assistance on purpose, we lose some people because it's a great selector of people that really want to be here and really believe in who we are. So we think what we pay is fair. It's certainly behind a lot of our competitors, and yet, we're having this growth. So we don't see any reason to fundamentally change. Yes, because the ROE will be up a little bit on transition assistance? Yes. Are we going to automatically raise it just because it happened? No, we will do it because we feel like it's a good investment and we need to do it for competitive reasons. So again, we're not looking to give away the savings, but we're certainly open to investing it when we find good investments.
Conor Fitzgerald: That's helpful. And then, sorry, just one last one for me. Total capital this quarter was 23.4% versus kind of the 20% target. If I'm interpreting your commentary around the call, we should just think about that as 20% is the target, but when times are good, you're perfectly happy running with excess for some unspecified period of time?
Paul Reilly: I think that, honestly, part of our return and stability in 120 quarters is because we've had higher capital. We often get compared to banks. And a bank model on capital is very different than a broker-dealer model on capital. Capital doesn't -- it doesn't equate to cash, and it's a much more volatile cash business. So you need to have reserves for those bad times. So are we comfortable being in the high teens? Yes. Are we comfortable we have a target out there that's conservative? No, we could be in the high teens if we felt we had good opportunities to invest in something, but we're not going to leverage up the balance sheet just to do things because we can. We're going to wait for good opportunities that are long term and we believe are conservative and fit our model. So we're not in a rush. However, we also -- excess capital doesn't help us on the balance sheet. People forget that we're also measured as the executive team. Half of our -- part of our bonus goes into equity, half of that goes into an ROE-adjusted return where we can make money in ROE. So we could do plenty of things to try to leverage up the ROE, but we don't. We try to do what's right for the firm and keep the right balance. So I know people in good times always ask us, well, when are we going to buy back stock? And I think our -- to us, there's no reason to change our long-term view. It's been successful. If we have opportunities for acquisitions, we'll do them. If we have opportunities to invest, we'll do them thoughtfully. We're not going to announce because something that happened a few weeks ago hold change in strategy. We're going to be thoughtful about it. We'll see how the markets evolve. And if we have cash we can't use, then we'll do something with it. It may change our philosophy on shareholders, but we're not ready to say our approach has changed at point.
Operator: Your next response is from the line of James Mitchell. Okay, there are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Paul Reilly: Right. Well, thank you. Again, feel very good about our quarter, our positioning and our markets. Certainly, the Tax Act and changes, you've asked a lot of questions on it. We're digesting it too, but we're going to do it very thoughtfully, and like I think we've always done is invest long term for shareholders. And certainly, the markets look very constructive in the future, but we also get concerned when comments overall get pretty euphoric because that's usually when some bad things could happen in the market. So we don't take our eye off the ball what happens if markets go down. It's great they're expanding. We hope they do for a long time for our clients and for us. But we're going to keep to take a balanced view and just do the best we can to manage the business. So appreciate your time this morning, and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you again for joining us today. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-10-26 08:15:00) =====
Executives: Paul Shoukry - Head, IR Jeff Julien - CFO Paul Reilly - Chairman & CEO
Analysts: Steven Chubak - Numora Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Devin Ryan - JMP Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Fourth 2017. My name is Darla, and will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website.  Now I'll turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. 
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Darla. Good morning and thank you all for joining us on this call. We appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following the prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, our ability to successfully recruit and integrate financial advisers, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, plans and future conditional verbs such as will, could and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that forward-looking statements are subject to risk and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent forms 10-Q, which is available on our website. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul, and thanks for that inspiring opening, and we appreciate you all joining the call. We know there are a lot of releases out today both in our industry and certainly the biggest company. So I wanted to spend a second reflecting. If you had told me a year ago this September that Trump would be President, the market is up 25%; deposit betas would be at an all-time low; of course, I’m not sure to known what deposit beta was a year ago; then we would have these financial results and the Cubs would win the world series. I don’t know what I would to believe more. If you really look back, it’s been really an outstanding year certainly due to the work of our advisers and our associates with our clients and honestly the help from the markets and the interest rate environment. We had record net revenue at $6.3 billion, up 18% over the previous year; record net income of $636 million, up 20% over the previous year; and an adjusted record net income of $768 million, up 35% over the previous year. Even in more impressively images all four of our core operating segments record net revenues and record pretax income for the year. We finished the year with a 12.2% ROE and an adjusted ROE of 14.5%, which is really pretty amazing giving our conservative leverage and capital ratios. More importantly, we made huge investments due to the, I guess, a new word that everyone is using in our advisor technology. We had robust recruiting and still great momentum. We integrated Alex. Brown, 3Macs and Mummert, which is ongoing, and with the DOL and other regulatory initiatives, we still got all these things done. So I really want to thank our associates really for all they did this year. I may divert a little because I think one of the most important things that’s enabled our recruiting and retention has been our culture and we talked about it a lot. But this year we reinforced – continue to reinforce our core values and it really showed up during the hurricanes this year. And I want to use an example in the Hurricane Irma, where we flew 175 associates, their families and their pets to Memphis, where we actually operated for a number of days as our headquarters as part of our BCP plan, not only a way to keep the – we kept service levels up and we’re able to operate seamlessly. To thank our employees, we gave our employees a $300 pretax kind of adjust bonus or that help them with their shelter and their evacuation plans. The firm committed to donations over $1 million. Our associates contributed over $0.5 million for the friends of Raymond James to help associates who are impacted. Ands in Canada, they contributed $100,000 for the floods that really happened in BC and Quebec. So it really speak volumes about the firm, why we are able to keep the retention and our focus on associates and never focused on the firm. Let me talk about fourth quarter results. We had record quarterly net revenues of $1.69 billion, up 16% from the previous year’s fourth quarter and 4% from the preceding quarter; record quarterly net income $193.5 million, which resulted in a $1.31 fully diluted share, up 13% from the last year’s fourth quarter and 5% over the preceding quarter. Our adjusted quarterly net income was $217.3 million or $1.47 fully diluted share adjusted, which is up 12% from the last year’s fourth quarter and 17% from the preceding quarter. We had record quarterly net revenue and pretax income in Private Client Group, Asset Management and RJ Bank, also the quarter record success for capital markets which compared to a record year ago. We had a quarterly ROE of 14.1% and a non-GAAP adjusted of 15.8%. So it really was a spectacular quarter. Maybe more importantly looking forward is where we ended the quarter with record client assets under administration of $692.9 billion, financial assets under management of $96.4 billion, record loans at RJ Bank at $17 billion and a record number advisors of 7,346, so really great results. I just touched on the segments. Private Client Group, as I said has record net revenue and free cash to the quarter. We also had great recruiting and retention. We’re keeping the levels up with a substantial backlog, with substantial growth in fee-based accounts, certainly helped by the market growth and the interest rate environment, entering that time we had the integration of Alex. Brown and 3Macs. We continued in Private Client Group and across the firm make a substantial investment in our technology, including our advisor’s desktops, the work we had to do for DOL or out our just beta test of connected advisor, which is our answer to robo – not robo but digitally connecting our advisors with their clients and rolling out efficiency initiatives like client on-boarding. In the Capital Markets segment, net revenue was up 3% sequentially but down 7% from last year’s fourth quarter, which is a previous record, and the quarterly pretax was up 27% sequentially but down 17% from a record quarter, last year’s fourth quarter. These results were mainly M&A-driven and really a product of the investments we have made over the last three years in our M&A business. And if you remember, we did the acquisition of Mummert & Company and we’ve already seen the fruits of those cross order successes from Mel Mummert and his team in the very early days. Equity underwriting was down for the quarter but up 34% this year over last year. This business does have headwinds as institutional equity commission continues under structural pressures that has for years and compounded with a low volatility environment. Fixed income both in commissions and trading profits again was impacted for the same low volatility market in a flattening yield curve and tax credit funds was negatively impacted really due by the uncertain tax laws as developers and banks try to figure out what the real after-tax yield is going to be as all those tax rates discussion goes on.  Asset management had a record about everything. Financial assets under management was $96.4 billion certainly due to net advisor growth and market appreciation and increased use of fee-based accounts. All the factors help the flow into this segment. And we even had a small positive net inflow into our Eagle Carillon Towers Group. We're still on track to close in the Scout and Reams acquisition this quarter. We expect that to add about $28 billion of assets under management, and we need -- that's going to significant broaden our fixed income platform but also the fees in that type of business or lower than the equity business as we look forward. RJ Bank, record net revenue and pretax for the quarter and for the year; net loans of $17 billion, up 12% year-over-year. Interesting is that C&I portfolio was actually down 1% as we have been concerned a little bit about pricing and risk of the new deals. The growth was really driven by private client group SPLs and mortgages and as well as our taxes debt loans from our public finance business.  Net interest margins came in at from 314 bps to 311 and I think there is some really some misunderstanding on that. They would actually be up if it wasn't for the excess cash and securities that we have been investing. Our cash increase in balances impacted that 4 bps, alone took is down, as well as our securities portfolio. So if you really were to look at the bottom line there, our net interest is up $11 million quarter-over-quarter 8% or 23% year-over-year. So a lot of people keep focusing on that NIM, but that includes the cash and securities we keep investing in. Actually the loan NIM would have been up not down on an apples-on-apples basis. So we continue to invest with using little capital to increase our net interest earnings in the firms.  And more importantly, total non-performing loans of $44 million are down 49% year-over-year and 8% sequentially, and total credit-sized loans of $265 million down 12% year-over-year or 2% sequentially. So all-in-all good shape. So I'm going to turn it over to Jeff who can give you some line items and some more details and talk a little bit about the outlook of these segments. Jeff?
Jeff Julien : Thanks, Paul. As usual, I try to compare our actual to the consensus model just to see where we didn't achieve the results expected by the Street. In this case, most of our line items were fairly close. So I only have a few to talk about today. Commission fee revenues on absolute dollar amount, we actually came in slightly under expectations. But it's really is attributable to the decline in the institutional commissions as you can see in the press release detailed. PCG was pretty much right and there is 1% under, so not a huge miss.  The biggest beat would be in the investment banking line, and you can see in the press release the detail of particularly the strength of M&A fees, up 34% from the preceding quarter and up 54% year-over-year. And a lot of that happened kind of late in the quarter, so we weren't able to give you a lot of color on that throughout the quarter. Except for those two items, all the rest are within $2 million to $3 million of expectations 4 or 5 ahead of consensus. The only other thing I'll point out in the revenues side is that net interest income was actually a several million ahead of expectations and accountant service fees is the one that came in below. I think that combined basis they’re very, very close and that really has to do with us moving more of their client cash balances on to our balance sheet out of the external banks as we continue to fund the bank’s growth on a combined base. So it’s very close. Several items to talk about on the expense side, first I will talk about communication and information processing. It took a little bit of a jump from the preceding quarter, but for the year-to-date on average for the year it was right on top of our guidance for the year, which was in the high 70s for quarter. Going forward though and this was a conscious decision on our part to continue and complete all the initiatives that we have got under way right now. A lot of those are in process to enhance the competitive position of the FA desktop that’ll make it easier for clients to come on board with us et cetera. We also have some enhanced supervising compliance systems and the several other projects underway and we are going to make the conscious decision at least at this point to continue with all those and some of the ones that were on the drawing board. So right now I guess our guidance for next year would probably be in the high 80s per quarter as oppose to the high 70s past year. Obviously that’s something we can control to some extent and if the market decides not to cooperate and we could hold that a little bit on that, but given where we are today, that is our current plan going forward. Plant fitting equipment line also took a little jump from the preceding quarter. There were some what I’d called kind of one-off items in there for the quarter, but on an ongoing basis, this is just a natural consequence of growth. As we bring on more people, we have to have a place form to sit. We have to have furniture form to sit on at PC formed up et cetera, et cetera. So not only are we increasing the branch footprint in our private client group system we actually are increasing some of the actual branches we currently own as they become all and expand. And we have also, as we talked about on our previous call, expanded our headquarters footprint by about 300,000 square feet at the end of last calendar year. And we have been doing some renovation work and are getting ready to occupy about another 100,000 square feet of that space. So a lot underway, but again that one we don’t have as much control over we do needed to place for people to work. So our guidance for next year would actually be sort of about what we ran at this current quarter. It’s not this quarter. You know there were some one-offs, so I think that’s really more indicative of our run rate going forward. For bank loan loss provision was I am sure a bit of a surprise that we did grow loans about $376 million in the quarter. But if you look at the nature of the growth, which is also in the press release and the bank details on Page 11, where you can see that a lot of growth came in what you would call a lower risk or lower reserve type of loan which should be mortgages and SBLs. So coupled with the fact that we sold some loans at decrease and criticized asset, I think some of those represents sale that we were able to take advantage of favorable secondary market conditions and exit some of the loans that were trending poorly, and we actually managed to get prices above where we had in reserves. So even though it’s an actual loss and doesn’t make me happy, it did have the anomalous effect of releasing some reserves and slightly more than the actual new provision put on for the loan growth, the latter being about $2 million only for the quarter given the mix of loans. The other expense I just mentioned, it came in really close to consensus, but I did want to just pointed out what Paul was talking about with all these hurricane-related expenses. We did not try to – did not non-GAAP this item, but we did incur something very close to $2 million of incremental cost related to separation for the hurricane that never hit us directly here in St. Petersburg. So between the payment to employees to help with their repairs and/or evacuation costs and our own deployment of people to alternative locations and things like that, it was a about a $2 million number. And then lastly, on the expense side, a line item that always seems to deserve mention lately is income taxes. Once again, I wanted a little Coley dissertation on previous call that when the markets are ahead enough, we’re going to get the tax benefit. We’ve got over $300 million of Coley on the balance sheet. So when that is trending up, it’s probably a little more than – it’s about a 2/3 equity something like that and a lot of it’s elected by participants, not our choice. So if the equity markets are favorable, we’re going to get a tax benefit, and when they’re unfavorable, we’re going to have a higher tax rate. So that continues to be a big factor that needs to be considered each quarter. The other thing we got now on an ongoing basis, our bank has its own CRA requirements and it invests in some of the low-income housing tax credit projects that our own tax credit funds group originates -- 5 or 6 on the bank’s books now. So we’re starting to get a fairly good size amount of credits from that. And then there are other smaller things that happen throughout the year. The biggest item that’s new, which didn’t happened in the fourth quarter but it happens a little bit every quarter is what I talked about last year, which is the guidance for reflecting the appreciation of equity awards in the tax provision now. In the past, it was a straight credit to the equity section, now it’s actually flowing through the tax provision. Based on where the stock price is today, that looks like, I gave guidance a year ago there will be about $11 million and $12 million a year, at where the stock price is today, it’s about $16 million a year. Straight tax benefit that most of which probably 80% to 90% of which will hit in the December quarter for us because that’s after the end of our fiscal year is when most of those awards are granted and they have several divesting days on the anniversary. So the December rate going forward will probably continue to be abnormally low. Even in 30-ish or sub 30-ish, it was this past December because of that factor. But on an annual basis, I guess our overall guidance, given all these factors, would sort of be in the 35% type range combined state and federal plus or minus whatever Coley does, given all the things that we've got in the magnitude that they're on our books for. So that's sort of the story on taxes. Some other items I'd like to mention, the margins by business, where I stuck my neck out maybe more than it should have at the analyst/investor day, Tony, what I talked we could accomplish for the second six months of the year, happy to say they were all surpassed. And I've given 12% margin guidance for PCG. They came in for this quarter at 12.2%. They came in only at 11.4% for the year because they had a rough start that’s a non-GAAP number by the way, adjusted number. Capital markets came in at 16.5% for the quarter versus the 15%. That’s I have mentioned at the meeting. We continue to try to be an excess of 30% in asset management, which came in at 37.1% for the quarter and 35.2% for the quarter. And Paul already talked about the factors that are supporting the asset management growth right now. So for the total firm, we're on a non-GAAP basis, we had talked about perhaps the 17% type overall firm margin. It actually came in at 18.7% for the quarter and 17.6% for the year as we had a very favorable equity market and obviously continued interest rate.  So the compensation ratio came in at 65.3% for the quarter and it sort to have a normally low, some of that boosted by the surge and some of the M&A fees and other things. For the year-to-date it fell with 66.4% and we're actually pretty happy with that year-to-date number. We do definitely want to continue to keep it below 67, but kind of our target in the minds is sort of 66.5% or better kind of where we finish this year if things stay like they are in terms of the environment. So that's I don't think we're not calling 65.3% our new target because we achieved it here in this one quarter.  So the return on equity, as Paul mentioned, on an adjusted basis for the year was 14.5%. We're still comfortable right now with the 14% to 15% range. While a lot of variables will go into that of course, 15.8% for the quarter is an exceptionally good quarter for the ROE.  Capital ratios, which are on Page 10 of the press release, I won't go through them all, but just suffice it to say they all improved a little bit with the exceptional leverage ratio which was down just a little bit. They're all less because of the balance sheet growth that we had during the quarter was in the low-risk assets and so our increased capital and was more than offset the risk weighting of the assets that we're added predominantly the cash higher cash balances on our balance sheet plus some SPLs and other low-risk weighted type assets.  Paul mentioned the NIM at the bank, I just like to repeat it here just for a second, because they've got a lot of mentioned in a lot of comments I saw last night. To me where the rubber meets the road on net interest at the bank, it really is at top Page 11, which is the net interest income that the bank generated. As Paul mentioned, we're not spending very much additional capital to expand the securities portfolio or add more cash on the balance sheet of the bank, but it’s having a lot to our net interest earnings. The NIM, we gave 310 or 320 guidance that would have been right in the middle of that range that we not had cash growth during the quarter at the bank almost $0.5 billion on average, and then it’s further exacerbate a little bit by the securities portfolio, but that’s sort of I think to account in our guidance range. Candidly, if we cash happened to grow and loans happen to shrink because the risk reward trade off is not appropriate in our opinion and that NIM shrink in the low 3s, 3.05 or 3.06 or 3.07 or 3.08 or whatever, that would not bother us as long as we are continuing to grow the net interest earnings at the bank in a prudent fashion. So to me, the overall net interest earnings is a more important measure in the actual NIM although the NIM certainly factors into that. We shrink because of the general discussion on deposit beta, which once again may get a lot of questions about, we are currently spread of in excess of 110 basis points, which is historically very, very high on client cash balances. We are starting to see some deposit competition. You are starting probably to see the same stories we are about people getting more aggressive to compete for deposits. So hard for me is to predict where this is going. If there is increased competition, we could see a little spread compression. If they raise rates faster than people can raise rates or the clients or faster than people want to raise rates to clients, we can actually be that widen, but it’s really hard to say right now. My best guess, and again had a good track record on this, but my best guess is that there will be some compression in that spread through deposit competition over the course of the year. We have not seen it manifest itself yet, but it seems very likely that that may happen over the course of the year some time. So all in all, I read the comments last night and I kind of was a little surprised that had almost a negative tone to it when in fact I look at the core operating results of our four primary segments and they all have good fundamentals working for them right now, and there is a lot favor at one exception would probably be at still not that good an environment for the fixed income division within capital markets. But all of our other major businesses are doing very well. So we have I would not say this quarter is going to be easily replicated but because M&A had a really, really strong quarter, but a lot of the factors are in place at least for the very short term. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Paul to give you a little more detail on the outlook.
Paul Reilly: And I agree with Jeff. I thought it was an exceptionally good fourth quarter and I’m sticking to the story because I just look at how the operations and the growth and the fundamentals that I think it was very, very good. So I know people have high expectations of us, we have high expectations also. That’s okay. There are several tailwinds as we enter 2018. If look at the Private Client Group, our advisor headcount and recruiting pipeline continue to grow. I think we have about $80 million in commits already for this next year and most of those will show up and we’re continuing to recruit. So in terms of the fundamentals and what’s really been driving our Private Client Group business is retained our great advisors and bringing more in. Our start of fee-based accounts billings will be up 6% starting this quarter versus last quarter. So again, a positive. We’ll some decrease in advisory payout. Now we have told you before and we had cut our grids 100 basis points, but some of that was eaten up in two ways, one is a progressive grid in our employee division and the markets keep going up at each to that 100 basis points. So it’s a smaller number and then the independent division some of that grid change was phased in. We had to make the product neutral grid to comply with DOL. So we make it half of that or less this year, depending if markets continue decline. So we’ll get some, but we certainly won’t get all the pickup. And it’s not all bad news because it’s a higher market. The capital markets area is a little tougher. ECM is coming off a record kind of M&A and it have good backlog, but we’re setting a high bars for 2018, continue to be optimistic and the M&A business looks good. But I can remember calls where everybody was asking what M&A was going to come back, so it is – and it does not last forever. But that part was good. On the tailwinds – on the headwinds section is certainly tax credit funds has a largest syndicator of tax credits. This tax uncertainty is just affecting the market where buyers and sellers are having a hard time pricing and there is a gap. So until and unless tax law is changed, I assume, when we have certainty that business will pick up until we had -- and if we don’t get certainty, I think it’s going to be sluggish. Institutional equity and fixed income is commissioned if we remain challenged. I think structurally on the equity side, we have low volatility. We’re going to have some impact from this too. Ironically, here we are months away from implementation and we have very little guidance. As I’ve said I don’t expected to be a positive, a negative, but it is a big part of our business either. Fixed income on the commissions and trading profits have held up relatively well compared to all of our competitor spot. With the flag yield curve and low volatility, they will remain depressed. And John Carson, who oversees the whole fixed income public finance area, once told me the worst thing it can happen to the firm is that we have great fixed income years because that mean the equity markets are performing. So there is some of an offset. They’ve done a good job in a tough market. That’s certainly a headwind in that business. Asset management, the AUM is starting 6% higher. So again, good start – range. So we expect to close that some time this quarter, which will certainly help, but it will be slightly accretive. But you have to remember because of the fixed income nature of that business, it does have lower margins in the rest of our business, so it will have some margin impact, but should be slightly accretive of overall, plus it will have related intangibles that will start probably at least the next quarter. On the bank, we’ve had very good growth. Recently we’ve been cautious of the C&I loan growth. Just pricing and risk haven’t made sense to it. But I remind people this quarter it was off, but that’s the business that turned on and off. So when you shut it down and we don’t like the risk price metrics and when it’s good and their good credits will make loans. I think the that the Private Client Group that related loans will continue to grow. We had a good quarter and they're look in good shape. We continue to plan to expand as we've announced in the past our agency-backed securities because it's an attractive risk adjusted rate of return that increases liquidity and stable funding ratio which is important to our rating agencies. It will generate more net income, but it will compress NIM because there are lower rate securities. But they're additive interest rates, they are subtracting. So I know there is some confusion over that. I think all of you are pushing us to add the securities portfolio leverage the bank a little bit now that we do. I think we got to separate the loan NIM from the NIM that would be additional interest we generate by putting cash in securities in the bank. So the first quarter is showing tailwinds, and as Jeff says, we will also have a tax benefit for the equities. So the first quarter of 2018, if things hold up, should look pretty good, but the real question is the rest of 2018 and the big question Mark is the stock market: what it going to do? Some people says overvalued and it’s going to come in other people say it’s go a ways to run. We can't make that call from here. Jeff talked about deposit beta that came in 20 bps, I'd say you may improve tax. If we got another rate expansion and the pressure is so far on rates it’s been on the high end and not on the low end, maybe it will hold up for a while, But eventually I do think that has to come in. So as we get into the next calendar year, it's little harder just because of the markets to really give you a lot of insight. We have increased spend in technology and really it's just essential to our business that not only will that create efficiencies over time but the cornerstone of our business has really been helping advisors serve their clients. And these technology tools connected advisor, which is now embedded testing that electronically help with next generation advisors and smaller accounts to more efficiently connect them and give them better connection are all extremely important to attract and retain our advisors, and I believe that those types of technologies are table state. So although we are a bet, I think it's a good debt. And the investment we made over the last few years has certainly significantly helped our recruiting and retention and we're making the bet that we need to be a leader in those areas where we choose to compete to continue the momentum that we have. I believe we're extremely well positioned. It shows up in our recruiting pipeline. We have good momentum. We have great people. And we're in an industry that may be always has uncertain markets. But certainly with the equity hives that we're and the deposit beta, that's really the question mark. But our focus right now is long term to continue to invest so that our firm is better in the future.  So with that I'm going to turn it back to Darla for questions. Darla?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Steven Chubak with Numora. 
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So I wanted to start up with a question on the AFS book and may you guys have spend some time highlighting the opportunity there and the fact that it is accretive to NII regardless of the adapting NIM effect, so certainly appreciate that dynamic. But we did see the patient growth slow a little bit this quarter. And I'm sorry if I missed this. I jumped on a little late in the prepared remarks. So I'm just wondering if there is any change in terms of your strategy and long term growth targets for the securities book. I think you have talked about $6 billion in the past, and I am wondering giving the case of capital build that we’ve seen whether you would be inclined to actually growth beyond that target?
Paul Reill: Steve, I think that’s still our target and may think that’s a little longer to get there than we had originally forecast. The reason is that pace of growth slowed down, if you remember, we had a pretty good size decline in cash balances from the end of March to the end of June. We talked about that last quarter, about $2.5 billion decline in cash balances, client cash balances, and we’ve got -- so we had a hard time or it would have been a little awkward with some of our bank relationships to ship that much dollars out of some of the other banks over to our own bank quickly. So we chose to do it on a more possible basis and we slowed the growth for securities portfolio intentionally in the quarter coupled with the fact that it became a higher and higher probability of yet another rate hike, which by given other short term and buying some of these fixed rate securities in the phase of rate hikes is something that you can be cautious about and base with the next rate hike is now all priced in. So we sort of resumed and also as you can see on the cash balances by the end of the quarter we have sort of fixed that. So the second half of the quarter we had a significant amount of cash balances on the bank’s balance sheet, but it started out the quarter very slow. But we are also being – we have very pretty tight parameters on what we’ll buy. Now at our core meeting yesterday, there is a fairly narrow band of the securities that really fill of our parameters in terms of extension risk and yield and being in the agency back where also you are taking any credit risk and the back to duration and things like that. So it’s kind of business starts a little bit on that. It’s not to going to I think to invest a fixed dollar amount every week or something like that. But the reason that it was slow was really because of at the beginning of the quarter the cash balances were – have not recovered until later in the quarter.
Jeff Julien: So there has been no change in the strategy, it’s just look to kind of little delay this quarter were still on course.
Steven Chubak: Got it. And as you think about the risk reward potential from steepening more into the bank, there has been some speculation that where the said balance sheet online, you could in fact see term premier arise. If you do in fact see some steepening as a curve, and that will penetrate your fixed trading businesses certainly, but as we start to think about tire and deploy some of that excess cash, could we see you guys exceed that $6 billion target in an effort to drive some higher returns.
Paul Reill: I think for now right now that’s our goal where we get closer, but no, these securities turn over too. So as rates rise, they will turn. We have made $400 million a year in run off right now.
Jeff Julien: Yeah, they’ve amortized about 25% a year, so it’s pretty quick turnover. I actually think that steepening yield curve may actually help banks loan spreads throughout it, but that remains to be seen.
Steven Chubak: Right. And just one last question from me on how we should be thinking about the pretax margin outlook for our 2018? You guys certainly gave some very helpful color thinking about the comp dynamics, some incremental non-comps as relates for communication expense. But just giving some of the tailwinds exiting the year both in terms of asset growth that we seen as well as growth of the bank, what's the reason why expectation for margin expansion if we continue to have relatively healthy market and maybe even some helps and that’s having in the form of the rate hikes?
Jeff Julien: Hey guys, it’s not just the rate hikes through the spreads that make a difference to us. I mean, if we could repeat a 17%-plus margin for next year, I think on an expanded revenue base, we would be pretty contemned with that in light of the expense growth that we have talked about that we have planned.
Steven Chubak: Understood. That’s it from me, and congrats on a strong quarter.
Jeff Julien: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: Thanks, guys. I wanted to ask you about the outlook for the comp ratio. If we think about 2018, you got a couple things growing on. You’ve got a full year benefit of the rate hikes that have happened. There is a PCG payout grid change that you talked about. You’ve got Scott coming on. And so all those things, I think, are tailwinds to the comp ratio. So I guess where am I missing as to why it shouldn’t be much better than the 66.5% that we’re talking about this morning.
Paul Reill: So there is an awful lot of that’s mixed. So right now if you looked at our balance is growing of the PCG segments, it’s been the independent segment which has a much higher payout. So if that continues, I mean, they both are doing well and they come and go, but that’s going to skew payouts up. If this quarter we’re held by really big M&A volume, which is lower than our average payout, so that brought them down. There is so much delta in the mix that it’s really hard to come out with any other number. And we do have increasing comps with compliance and other things we continue to grow overhead…
Jeff Julien: And we also had a full of all the compliance AML, risk management people that we have brought up for this year and we’re going to continue into that in terms of compliance of supervision staff.
Paul Reill: So in a really constructive market we do better absolutely, but we’re not planning on -- I didn’t plan on a 25% increase market this year. We’re not planning on it next year. But if it happens, we’ll certainly get the benefit of it.
Christopher Harris: Okay, guys. Thanks for clearing.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Devin Ryan, JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Paul Reill: Hi, Devin
Devin Ryan: Maybe just one on the outlook for some of the fixed income businesses and a lot of moving parts in there between what’s going on with municipalities and taxes relative to yield curve. And we saw marginal uptick in kind of the yield curve kind of towards the end of the quarter. So I’m just curious kind of that you’ve kind of put it all together, if it feels like we kind of how had low bar year for the fixed income trading, underwriting tax credits kind of all in aggregate heading into fiscal ’18?
Paul Reill: That’s correct. I think the question is certainly, yes, it is raised, caused some trading increases. But how long did they lap. I think the curve is still flat if they raise short-term rates while the tenure follow, I mean there is just a lot of questions. I think that business has done really well with double digit margins in a really tough environment. It’s down less than its competitors. It’s a great agency business, a big segment of the fixed income business as well as other financial institutions. And so, certainly that has its own dynamics of their own securities buying. So I don’t see an enough moment in the market to say that’s going to really bounce back, on the other hand when their down equities usually stay constructive. So if you had a really volatile fixed income market, I'm not sure the equity markets wouldn't be any give it back so for us. So that's the challenge, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Got it, okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow up here around the outlook for some of the fees from product manufacturers and sponsorship revenues, et cetera. Some firms are removing manufacturers that are not willing pay for distribution. And then I'm just curious if there is obviously a lot of moving parts in here with the DOL and I think renegotiations there but also I think -- on wind up people on the platform with the free launching. So I'm just curious kind of where you guys are in that conversation with your third party manufacturers and kind a what the outlook is more broadly if you see maybe some firms being removed because of that dynamic?
Paul Reill: So for our mutual fund partners we've taken two steps. The first step is to make sure review all compliant. So we've renegotiated across the platform to make sure that we are complaint with DOL and I think we'll do that pretty much under revenue-neutral basis. So as we close them on the end of the year. And what we hold on the Step 2 that we would strategically look next year at what we're doing with the overall platform. I know it’s coming from the jump right into it. We feel that wasn’t fair to our partners and it really didn’t give us adequate time for advisors to do their planning. So we are finishing up with the negotiations with the contract to make sure we're compliant by year end during the transition period. Even if it's delayed we'll be in good shape. And which we expect the DOL to be delayed, but we will still be in compliant. And then step two, as we're looking to the overall who is paying what's their requirements and how we price it. That's going to be something we're looking at next year and the focus of our executive committee and board off sight actually.
Devin Ryan: Got it, okay. Maybe there’s a last quick one here. Paul, this has been addressed, but in some of the conversation around that the tax tap on 401k contributions and hopefully that doesn't happen but not sure how we should think about the considerations for Raymond James if that were to happen and I believe in your administrator. But if we can think about what the implication of that could be just on the business?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. So my philosophical answer is it's not good policy that we need more savings. And they even they means cluster or whatever, I think eliminate the 401k deduction is not good policy. From a firm standpoint, it’s not a big part of our business. 
Jeff Julien: We're an advisor much more than administrator. 
Paul Shoukry: So it doesn't have the impact that it does over the big terms that really do an awful lot of that. 
Devin Ryan: Yeah, okay. Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
Paul Shoukry: Well, great. If there is no other questions, I know it's a busy day for all of you. We appreciate you're jumping in on this call. We had a big crowd. And I know there is a lot of other calls and releases that you're working on. So thanks for joining us again, and we look forward to talking to you soon. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Getz - Co-Founder, Chairman, CEO & President  Mark Sullivan - Vice Chairman, Co-Founder & CFO
Analysts: Michael Perito - KBW  Matthew Olney - Stephens Inc. Russell Gunther - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the TriState Capital Holdings conference call to discuss financial results for the three months ended September 30, 2017. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. Before turning the call over to management, I would like to remind everyone that today's call may contain forward-looking statements related to TriState Capital that may generally be identified as describing the company's future plans, objectives or goals. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those currently anticipated. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For further information about the factors that could affect TriState Capital's future results, please see the company's most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. You should keep in mind that any forward-looking statements made by TriState Capital speak only as of the date on which they are made. New risks and uncertainties come up from time to time, and management cannot predict these events or how they may affect the company. TriState Capital has no duty to, and does not intend to, update or revise forward-looking statements after the date on which they are made. To the extent non-GAAP financial measures are discussed in this call, comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations can be found in TriState Capital's earnings release, which is available on its website at tristatecapitalbank.com. Representing TriState Capital today is Jim Getz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. He will be joined by Mark Sullivan, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, for the question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Getz. Please go ahead.
James Getz: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. As pleased as we are with the results we are reporting to you this week, we believe we're building even greater momentum heading into the fourth quarter of 2017. Our performance highlights the earnings power of our growing company's unique combination of investment management, national private banking and regional middle market commercial banking businesses, all enabled by our unrivaled financial services' distribution capability. On a year-over-year basis, TriState Capital delivered strong double-digit organic growth in earnings per share, net interest income, total revenue, total assets, loans across all channels, total deposits and average noninterest-bearing deposits. This multifaceted growth has generated powerful top line-driven results for the quarter, year-to-date and the last 12 months. Our third quarter revenue of $35 million grew more than 13% year-over-year. Year-to-date, revenue grew to more than $101 million, up nearly 15% compared to the first 9 months of last year. Top line expansion in the third quarter was driven by our record net interest income growth of 26% year-over-year to nearly $24 million. Year-to-date, NII of nearly $67 million is up more than 20%, compared to the first 9 months of last year. As designed, our expanding distribution of high-quality lending and deposit products with strong asset sensitivity is delivering robust NII growth in various interest-rate environments. Noninterest income also contributed meaningfully to our third quarter results, totaling nearly $12 million and representing 1/3 of total revenue. Significant revenue growth, coupled with our highly scalable infrastructure, improved TriState Capital Bank's efficiency ratio to 54.81% in the third quarter of 2017. Efficiency improved by 720 basis points from the third quarter of last year, and this ratio remains in line with our mid- to high-50s target range. Consolidated noninterest expenses were 2.1% of average assets, annualized in line with our historic range of 2.1% to 2.4% since 2015, our first full year in the investment management business. This compares very favorably to the recent 2.7% average for bank holding companies with $3 million to $5 million in assets. So even as we continue to invest in our company, we're growing earnings per share at a dramatic rate. Earnings per share of $0.35 increased more than 29% from the year-ago quarter and more than 20% from the linked quarter. This marks the 11th consecutive quarter TriState Capital has delivered double-digit EPS growth. In addition, we are pleased to report that return on average equity reached 10.69% in the third quarter, consistent with our expectation that we hit 10% by the end of this year. Return on average assets stood at 0.92%, and we intend to grow earnings to the manner that leads to sustainable increases in TriState Capital's ROE and ROA. Turning to the balance sheet. Total loans approached the $4 billion-milestone at September 30, growing by $756 million or nearly 24% from 1 year prior. We continue to outpace the industry by a wide margin doing so organically, without any type of bank acquisitions. Based on third quarter data from the Federal Reserve, industry-wide total loans and leases grew by only about 3% during the 12 months ending September 30, 2017. Over the same period, industry-wide commercial and industrial lending increased by about 2% and commercial real estate grew by less than 7%. TriState Capital's July and August loan production was somewhat offset by payoffs in the first 9 weeks of the period. So September originations served as the primary driver of the third quarter loan growth. Accordingly, we have very meaningful [indiscernible] that's added into the last 3 months of 2017, which we expect to be realized in the fourth quarter loan growth, net interest income and revenues. TriState Capital's highly differentiated national private banking franchise continued its successful trajectory, growing by nearly 30% over the last 12 months to surpass $2 billion of private banking loans outstanding at the end of the third quarter. Private banking loans made up 52% of TriState Capital Bank's total loans as of September 30, with net production of $88 million since June of this year and nearly $470 million since September 2016. TriState Capital Bank's number of private banking loan accounts also grew by about 28% over the last 12 months to total more than 4,000. In addition, we saw a 31% increase in the number of applications over the last year, compared to the 12 months ending September 30, 2016. This success was possible due to TriState Capital's distribution through our robust network of financial intermediaries. Through these intermediaries, our relationship-focused teams serve a growing population of high-performing financial advisers and their high net worth clients every day.  This national referral network is a key component of our company's unique and highly scalable business model. After adding 6 new firms in the third quarter, we now work with 159 intermediaries compared to 136 1 year ago and about 60 at the time of our 2013 IPO. The number of individual financial advisers and trust officers we've done business with has grown to over 3,000. As strong as our private banking loan production has been to-date, we continued to see very significant upside in our unique non-purpose margin lending program for high net worth individuals around the U.S. The potential market is very consequential. Just last week, the executives of one of our largest financial intermediary firms emphasized the value they placed on their trusted relationship with TriState Capital, which they see is critical to their own efforts to attract and retain their top advisers and important clients. Our national private banking business and the financial services' distribution capability that makes it possible are truly unique among companies our size, if not, any size. On the commercial banking side, our commitment to middle market lending for select businesses in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey and New York continues to pay off. The collective outstanding balance for our commercial and industrial and owned or occupied real estate loans grew by nearly $21 million or 3% during the third quarter and bought more than $103 million or 15% since September 2016. Our ability to provide strong and relationship-centered solutions continues to benefit TriState Capital's commercial banking activity in markets where their other banks' M&A transactions caused disruption. Our Philadelphia and Cleveland offices are particular examples growing by 38% and 10%, respectively, over the last 12 months. Additional growth in our commercial banking business has come from our lending program focused on capital call lines of credit offer to investment in funds as well as our program offering lines of credit through financial intermediaries. Under these programs, TriState Capital closed or renewed $47 million of commitments in the third quarter, taking total commitments in these programs to $244 million. Our non-owned or occupied commercial real estate lending continues to be a strong driver of quality growth, remaining a major piece of our middle market business. Non-owned or occupied commercial real estate grew by 21% over the last 12 months to $1.1 billion. We continue our focus on providing loans and banking services for in-market projects with in-market borrower relationships. Even as we execute on our long-term strategy for achieving strong, sustainable and responsible growth, we continue to maintain exceptional asset quality. At September 30, 2017, adverse-rated credits stood at just 0.95% of total loans.  Nonperforming loans declined to just 0.18% of total loans versus the recent average of 0.89% for $3 billion to $5 billion banks. Nonperforming assets declined to just 0.23% of total assets versus the recent average of 0.76% for $3 billion to $5 billion banks. In addition, we had no loans 30-plus days past due on September 30, 2017, marking the eighth consecutive quarter this has been the case. We remain focused on maintaining, if not, further improving, the superior credit quality we worked so hard to achieve. Our $283,000 third quarter provision expense reflects the conservative risk profile of a loan portfolio with a growing proportion of TriState Capital's private banking loans and favorable credit trends in our commercial book of business. We are readily able to fund our growth opportunity in both commercial and private banking, with total deposits increasing by more than 22% from the third quarter of last year and outpacing loan growth last quarter. Our treasury management business has been steadily growing as a result of the strategic investments we've made over the last 24 months. Through the first 9 months of 2017, we already doubled the number of new treasury management relationships that we have opened in all of 2016. Also, in just the first 9 months of this year, we already increased the number of operating accounts by 17%. Average DDA balances in our treasury management operating accounts grew 43% in the third quarter of 2017 compared to the same period last year, and average noninterest-bearing deposits grew 27% in the third quarter of 2017 compared to the same period last year. Importantly, the annual rate of growth in these categories exceeds the rate of growth of total deposits and total loans. Through this progress, we are steadily expanding our client relationships, winning market share, diversify deposit sources and impacting positively our cost of funds. Our pipeline is strong, and we're building new treasury management client relationships every day. We expect this momentum to continue through the fourth quarter of 2017 and to grow strongly in 2018. Turning to our national investment management business. Chartwell continued to deliver credible investment performance, experiencing positive net flows and contributing meaningfully to TriState Capital noninterest income and earnings. We continue to broaden Chartwell's retail distribution capabilities to achieve a balance between the institutional and retail segments of the business. For example, in the third quarter, we completed the reorganization of one of the strategies we acquired last year, the Berwyn Cornerstone Fund, into the fast-growing and high-performing Chartwell mid-cap value fund.  The significant investment in the buildout of retail distribution continues to pay dividends, as evidenced by Chartwell's total gross retail inflow activity of $130 million over the last 3 months. Gross retail inflows over the first 9 months of 2017 totaled some $502 million, a 50% increase over the same period last year. Chartwell's total positive net flows exceeded $51 million during the third quarter of 2017, a time in the industry when we believed net positive flows among active biased firms will be rare. Chartwell's mid-cap value strategy led the way, with its 1 product contributing positive net inflows of $79 million over the last 3 months and $181 million over the last 9 months. Mid-cap value assets under management grew by 25% over the last 3 months and more than doubled over the last 9 months to more than $400 million at the end of the third quarter. Flows into this product is a result of performance outpacing its primary benchmark by well over 300 basis points in the third quarter and by over 500 basis points year-to-date. Chartwell's short duration BB rated product also experienced strong net flows of more than $46 million over the last 3 months and more than $291 million over the last 9 months. This product's assets under management grew by more than 3% over the last 3 months and 23% over the last 9 months to $1.6 billion at the end of the third quarter. CWFIX, our short duration BB mutual fund, continued to deliver exceptional performance through the third quarter. Chartwell's growth -- group continues to make positive strides as well and performance continues to improve, in particular, the mid-cap growth strategy is outperforming peers and benchmarks. Chartwell's pipeline at the end of the third quarter remained very strong, and we continue to expect Chartwell full-year 2017 revenue to be in line with last year's investment management fees, which totals some $37 million. For this first 9 months of 2017, Chartwell revenues stood at $27.7 million compared to $26.8 million generated over the same period last year. Looking ahead, our objective is for Chartwell to be considered a world-class active manager delivering superior, long-term performance and unique products for both institutional and retail investors. In addition, we continue to increasingly coordinate the distribution efforts of Chartwell with those of TriState Capital Bank in order to take full advantage of the financial and intermediary relationships in our National Referral Network and our ability to provide high-value products and services to them. We also continue to expect to supplement the business line's organic growth with complementary acquisitions to broaden Chartwell's actively managed product offerings for institutional and retail clients. Each quarter, TriState Capital is in a better, stronger position than the last. We're organically growing our private banking in regional middle market commercial banking business at impressive rates. We're developing our investment management business into a world-class firm. We have assembled a motivated sales-oriented team of producers, whose talent and focus on client service is unparalleled. As we continue to invest in the future and execute our long-term strategy, we know what we must focus on to be successful. We must continue to put our customer-focused strategy to work in order to grow and win within our markets. And we must do so in a sustainable manner, delivering consistent year-over-year growth without compromising our strong risk framework. On this course, our team works together every day to continue delivering strong earnings growth for the benefit of investors and this company, which, at the end of the day, that's what it's about. Before opening the call up to Q&A, I want to acknowledge the CFO transition plan we announced recently. Today will be the last regularly -- call that co-founder, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial, Mark Sullivan, will be joining us on. Back in the spring of 2006, with little more than a clear vision of what we wanted to build, a compelling business plan and many strong relationships, Mark joined me to create what became TriState Capital. Less than a year later, we had our bank charter, a handful of employees and the capital and confidence of our first shareholders. And over the next 10 years, Mark directed our financial strategy, building an outstanding finance team from scratch and has been essential in putting us in this successful position we enjoy today. His more recent efforts include playing a key role in the recruitment and transition of the CFO duties to his successor, David Demas. Fortunately, Mark will still be with us as Vice Chairman and member of our board when David assumes the CFO role on January 1. David himself is an outstanding leader whose advised some of the largest, the most successful financial service firms in the nation and is already proving to have been an excellent addition to our team. A number of our shareholders have had the opportunity to speak with him since he joined us in August, and we look forward to having him -- more of a you to meet with him in the next weeks and months ahead. David also plans to participate in our January quarterly investor call as our new CFO. That concludes my prepared remarks this morning. I'll now ask Mark to join me for Q&A. Operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Perito of KBW.
Michael Perito: A couple of questions from me. I guess I wanted to start first on the tax credit investment strategy. The color on the release about the next quarter was helpful. I'm just curious, though, I mean, is this something we should be thinking about to some degree next year as well, something that you guys plan on trying to continue?
Mark Sullivan: Mike, this is Mark. In Q3, we were able to take the opportunity to reduce our effective tax rate for '17, but I think it's probably helpful to put some historical context on our program. Our investment in 2013 was about $3 million. Last year, it was a little greater than $9 million. And this year, it'll be north of $20 million. So it's grown as we've grown. One of the key things though is as much as it's opportunistic, it has to meet our underwriting standards before we'll make an investment, whether it's LIHTC, HTC, energy credit, whatever the case may be. As far as the continuation of the program, 2008 is somewhat complex and a bit of a tricky issue in that we're in a holding pattern right now, as we don't know what the rate will be in 2018, given the potential legislative changes in corporate tax reform. I think we can assume it will be significantly less than the current 35%. But we've got to keep in mind, too, that for the industry, they'll be a onetime charge because of the write-down of the deferred tax asset as a result of the lower rates. So I think as far as the program on a go forward, I think the best answer I can give you is we're on a holding pattern.
Michael Perito: Okay. That's helpful, Mark. And then, I guess, for old time's sake, Mark, I'll ask a question on the net interest margin. Any thoughts around -- it seemed like the deposit strategy came to fruition a little bit in the third quarter here, which helped the margin kind of get back on track. Any updated thoughts around what kind of pricing you're seeing and the deposit market going forward here? And is the hope that you can continue to kind of build on what you did in the third quarter just to preserve kind of the left side asset sensitivity that you guys have built?
Mark Sullivan: Yes. I think, Mike, looking on a go-forward basis, you've got to look both short-term and long-term. And short-term, specific to Q4, we don't have a Fed rate hike. So the margin, like, will be flat to possibly some slight compression. But more importantly, in the longer term outlook, the momentum that we're seeing in treasury management in terms of no cost and low-cost DDA coming on board, that's kind of translated into a flattening of our cost of funds. And so in '18, we'll keep a larger share of the anticipated rate hikes that are going to impact '18. I know you asked about NIM, but the thing to keep in mind is our focus is always NII, EPS, which is north of 20% in '17, we'll continue that way in '18.
James Getz: But, Mike, I'm sure you noticed it was up this quarter.
Michael Perito: I did. I appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Olney of Stephens.
Matthew Olney: I wanted to ask another question on the tax credits. And Mark, if we assume we don't get any kind of benefit of the change of corporate tax rates for next year, could you just give us some color on the 2018 effective tax rate, just based off of the most recent investments you made here in the tax credit program?
Mark Sullivan: Yes. I will say, assuming that there's a 35% rate, corporate rate in 2018, we would likely continue on the same path of the program that we were in on in '16 and '17. But again, I mean, there's a question we know the LIHTC is going to continue. There's a question if the historic tax credits will continue or not. There's some question in -- on the energy credits at this point. So again, I think, rather than sort of predict '18, I think it's best just to stay I think as an industry that a lot of people are kind of taking a wait-and-see attitude.
Matthew Olney: Okay, that's helpful, Mark. And then on the loan growth front, it sounds like the commercial real estate growth was strong this quarter, the best quarter we've had in a while. Could you just give us some more details about what types of credits you're adding in theory, average size, other -- or in geography, where it's at? And are there any types of credits you're avoiding on the CRE fund at this point of the cycle?
Mark Sullivan: Yes. What you want to keep in mind, Matt, is that our commercial real estate portfolio is spread across 4 states and 5 loan production offices that cover multiple MSAs. The focus of the commercial real estate lending is on end-market borrower relationships with credit secured on by end-market properties. And if you look at -- our non-owned or occupied commercial real estate loans represent about $1.1 billion of the portfolio. We're about 28% of our total loans. And if you look at that and look at the breakup, there is some retail there. There is a rich retail loan portfolio is comprised of the smaller retail properties that we view as important in defensible physical locations. For example, we have no regional mall exposure at all. Our retail exposure is very well at approximately 3% of the loan portfolio. And then, of course, everyone talks about multifamily. Our multifamily loan portfolio is comprised totally of non-luxury properties and our footprint, with strong sponsor relationships, diversifying across all of our markets and MSAs. We believe in our underwriting and our strong relationship-based lending approach, which is made possible by that very strong experience and knowledge of our commercial real estate team. We believe that we're positioned smartly to do business in this product type. And we actively monitor this asset class. If you look at a breakdown compared to the total loan portfolio, about 3% is retail, 2% is industrial and warehouse CRE, 4% is off the CRE, 6% is multifamily, 4% is other CRE and about 12% is owned or occupied. And if you look at the pricing that we're seeing, it's ranging from anywhere like 250 basis points over LIBOR to maybe 325 over LIBOR. And the average size loan is about $3.5 million in size.
Matthew Olney: Okay. That's helpful, guys. And Mark, I just want to say, congrats to you and enjoyed working with you in the past, and good luck on the next stage of your life.
Mark Sullivan: Thanks, Matt. I appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Russell Gunther of D.A. Davidson.
Russell Gunther: I appreciate the commentary on the commercial real estate outlook. I wonder if we could just hone in on C&I, nice to see that up 4 consecutive quarters. Could you just share a little bit about how the pipeline's shaking up? And what's your expectations are for that loan bucket going forward?
James Getz: Yes, the pipeline continues to be relatively strong. We have made, over the past couple of years, a commitment to that segment of the business, and particularly, to sole bank deals. And so we're really very committed to C&I growth. We also are emphasizing that the owned or occupied portion, with regard to the commercial real estate portfolio. So I think you're going to see it up pretty handily. If you look at the commercial portfolio, it's up about 18% over the past 12 months. And that's a major improvement over what you've seen in growth in times past. So this is a major part of our book of business. And we have carved out an interest in niche. We have very experienced bankers. And I think you're going to see it growing handily, and we're readily benefiting this. I mentioned, a few moments ago, from the M&A activity occurring particularly in the Philadelphia and the Cleveland region. So I think you can count on this meaningfully contributing to what we've given some guidance on under the 15% growth where we've continually given direction.
Russell Gunther: That's helpful, Jim. And then for my follow-up, I think we've talked in the past about provision, guidance, thinking about 8 to 10 basis points of loans. So as you kind of look out and we just talked about the commercial growth expectations, but kind of marrying that with the private banking growth that's becoming an increasingly larger portion of the loan bucket, how does that 8 to 10 basis points alone feel to you, even coming in a bit below it currently? Just some thoughts there.
Mark Sullivan: Yes. Russell, Mark here. On the provision expense, if you look at banks $3 billion to $5 billion in assets and their credit cycle, a little bit of uptick, but probably averaging about 15 bps on loans outstanding. And then you look at us with over half of our loan portfolio in private banking, we would expect to continue to run significantly under that.
James Getz: And one of the reasons is, Russell, we feel very confident in that is that -- that's why I pointed out in the script that we had no loans, 30-plus days past due at the end of this quarter, but for the past 2 years, we haven't had any loans, 30 days past due. And that gives you an idea of the segue into adverse-rated credits. But obviously, we have to put more reserves again. So this portfolio is really, at this point, in pretty decent shape.
Russell Gunther: Yes, certainly is. I appreciate that. And Mark, congratulations on the transition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we have a follow-up from Matt Olney of Stephens.
Matthew Olney: I just wanted to follow-up on your M&A initiatives, if you could give us any update as far as expectations and timing and remind us what you're looking for.
James Getz: It's always in a state of flux as you're going through this courtship period. So I'd probably give you a different response last quarter than I'm giving this quarter. We have a couple of situations that we're actively working on, but we have nothing that I would say that would come to fruition within the next quarter or so at this point. But we are in discussions with an awful lot of people at this point, and we're in discussions with some people that it's been a couple of years that we've been talking with them that we feel that we're making some progress. But what you want to do, particularly on the asset management side, is you have to make the right decision. Sometimes, the best strategic decision you can make is not to do something. And so we're looking carefully at these companies and their track record but also their cultural fit with us. So I'm hoping that we can bring something to fruition next year.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Jim Getz for closing remarks.
James Getz: Thank you very much for your continued interest in support of TriState Capital and your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again in January as we discuss our fourth quarter results. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Paul Shoukry: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on the call. As always, we appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following the prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, our ability to successfully recruit and integrate financial advisers, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, plans and future conditional verbs such as will, could and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that forward-looking statements are subject to risks, and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent forms 10-Q, which is available on our website. During today's call, we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view of ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should be read in conjunction with and not as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chairman and CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul, and I'm going to start off with a brief summary of the third quarter and turn over to Jeff Julian for details, and then try to give you some outlook, I guess, without trying to use the words will, could and should, according to Paul Shoukry. Just returned from last week from our Raymond James Associates employee channel development conference. We had about 2,000 attendees, and in Raymond James fashion, 600 kids. So if you don't think we're focused on the next generation of advisers, we start them early here at Raymond James. It was a great mood, very upbeat even off a grid payment change to the advisers just a few weeks earlier. I think they understood the need with the DOL for some changes, and we'll talk about that a little bit in the outlook. First, I'm very proud of kind of the results this quarter, and I'm glad you have high expectations of us and most of the analysts have said it looks okay. I know that everyone has high expectations, but I think they're really very, very good results for the quarter. For the firm, record quarterly net revenue of $1.62 billion, up 20% from last year's third quarter and 4% from the preceding quarter. Record quarterly net income of $183.4 million, up 46% from last year's third quarter, and 63% from the preceding quarter. Now that quarter was impacted by a legal reserve for JP. EPS fully diluted of $1.24, up 43% from last year's third quarter and 61% again from that preceding quarter. So I think very, very good numbers. If you look at the adjusted quarterly net income, $185.5 million, up 34% from a year ago's third quarter - last year's third quarter and down 2% from the preceding quarter, and Jeff will get into a little bit of those details. So we certainly have had great growth across the business over this last year. We had record net quarterly net revenues in PCG segment, AMS segment, and I mean, Asset Management Segment and RJ Bank. We had record quarterly pretax income in both Private Client Group and Asset Management Segments. And if you really look at the forward drivers of our business, we had record assets under administration of $664.4 billion, up 24% from last year's third quarter and up 3% sequentially. And we had record quarterly assets under administration of $91 billion, up 27% from a year ago's third quarter and 6% sequentially. Record number of financial advisers, up to 7,285 and record net loans from RJ Bank of $16.6 billion. So that resulted in a quarterly ROE of 13.8% and quarterly adjusted ROE of 14% in what was really conservative capital levels. So overall, I think we've performed very well against them with any benchmark. For the first 9 months, net revenue was $4.7 billion, up 19% over the first 9 months of 2016. Net income, $443 million, up 24% over the first 9 months of last year. And adjusted net income of $551 million, up 47%, so the same time period. And this is amidst really a complex changing environment with DOL. It's a very busy, almost stressful time for the firm, both in support, technology as we adapt to all the rules for advisers. We have to explain to client a lot of these DOL changes and a lot that don't seem to make sense, but they are the law. So it's been very, very busy. So I want to thank all the Associates here, and especially the advisers, your work and your client focus during this time of change. The Private Client Group net revenues were $1.1 billion, up 25% from last year's quarter. Pretax income, $128 million, up 56% from last year's quarter. Recruiting and retention remained at great levels and I think industry-leading, and also this quarter was helped by not just recruiting and retention but the Alex Brown and RE/MAX acquisitions. Short-term interest rates also benefited the Private Client Group, because 2/3 of the interest rate impact, whether they're in interest or fees, really hit the Private Client Group. Market appreciation, we started the quarter 8% higher than the preceding quarter, again, all adding to this quarter's results. And we've also had increased utilization of fee-based accounts. A lot of it driven by DOL and other regulatory things. And they're now 44% of Private Client Group assets. Capital markets, the quarterly net revenue of $259 million, up 3% from a year ago and 1% sequentially. Pretax of $35 million, up 6% over last year and down 16% sequentially. If you really look at the quarter, a very good M&A quarter driving investment banking revenues. We had a soft tax credit results for the quarter, and basically, with the uncertainty in the tax rates of between the sellers and buyers of the tax credit, there's been a slowness in the market. It's to be expected until there's more certainty on future tax rates. Low volatility has really hurt all institutional commissions, both in fixed income and - And fixed income, obviously even more impacted with a flattening yield curve, although I think they've outperformed if you look at other people's results, our competitors have done a good job in this tough market. Asset management had record quarterly net revenues of $126 million, up 24% over last year's quarter and up 8% sequentially. Record quarterly pretax of $43 million, up 33% over last year's quarter and 14% sequentially. And this was really driven by growth in AUM with a record $91 billion. And as a result a lot of organic growth, conversion to fee-based accounts, we've had market appreciation, the net recruiting certainly helps asset management and we've had some net inflows even in CTA, our formal Carillon Towers Associates. So again, good results across that sector. RJ Bank record quarterly net revenue of $150 million, up 19% over last year's quarter and 6% sequentially. Quarterly pretax of $100 million, up 12% over last year and 9% sequentially. Record loans of $16.6 billion, and we saw the increase and really kind of our business related loans, the SBO, mortgages and tax exempt, which is partially driven by public finance, and a modest decline in C&I loans for the quarter. We've had continued expansion in the back of our agency-backed securities portfolio. So they've increased to $1.9 billion at the end of June. So the bank's NIM is up 6 basis points to 314 bps. This is due to the increase in short term rates, but partially offset by our agency-backed investments, which have lower rates but with the leverage better earnings. Most importantly, our credit quality remains very good to satisfactory, nonperforming loans as a percent of total assets declined to 23 basis points from 52 a year ago and 27% last quarter. So overall, very pleased with the strong performance. We have a lot of tailwinds, again, behind us starting this fourth quarter, which I'll discuss after Jeff goes through some key results. So Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thank you, Paul. I'll start with the biggest variances from the consensus model here, which again we appreciate you providing us with those models. It enables us to focus on the areas of difference rather than talking about each line item. Investment banking revenues, as Paul mentioned, outperformed the consensus, really strong M&A more than offsetting the weakness in tax credit on syndication fees, as Paul just mentioned. We underperformed versus year expectations on net interest income, and I will talk about that in a little bit, there are - there's a clear reason for that. We underperformed on compensation expense, and I guess we'll have to take a little mea culpa on this one. In the prior quarter, when we took the $100 million charge for the Jay Peak legal case, what we failed to mention was that, that had the effect of dampening some profit-based accruals around the firm, some are department-specific, some are firm-wide. It just depends where the charge happens to fall. But around that particular charge, it was a little over 15% variable comp accruals related to that. So comp was sort of depressed by about $15 million or $16 million last quarter, and that's what sort of led to the extremely low comp ratio, I'll call it extremely low, but lower than this quarter. Comp ratio in the preceding quarter, which we should've mentioned that on the call, and we apologize for that. I think that would have probably caused you to get pretty close to the actuals this time around. The other expense, legal and consulting fees, really are the in some of the regulatory consulting work continues, et cetera. So there's still what we call maybe a little bit of an elevated level we'd like to think that at some point, this tails off. But for now, we're still at a fairly high run rate of compliance, some legal costs and some of the consulting fees that we are incurring trying to get in line with where we need to be. And the only other item versus consensus that was, I'd say, materially off was the tax rate, and once again, it had to do with gains in our corporate-owned life insurance portfolio. And some of you maybe haven't heard how this works, and just for a really brief primer, our total corporate-owned life insurance is now about $385 million, and that basically supports or informally funds some of the corporate deferred compensation plans. And another chunk of it is actually people voluntarily deferring comp. So it all supports deferred comp, some as company directed, some is employee directed. Of that $385 million portfolio, about 70% currently is allocated to equity oriented investments, mutual funds by and large. So the gain and loss that shows up in those underlying investments is not subject to the U.S. taxes. So as a result, when the markets are going up, we have a gain in that portfolio. That generally helps our tax rate because it's non-taxable when the market's going down, just the reverse. It's a nondeductible loss. You don't actually see that gain or loss on our financial statements. The actual - it's a balance sheet entry for GAAP purposes. The gain strictly it would basically offset it if there's a gain on compensation expense because it would obviously increase what we would owe under the deferred comp arrangements. But those two things are basically netted. So what we end up doing is showing a gain or loss on the asset side of the balance sheet and the other side is a payable to the comp payable is adjusted accordingly. So it's only a balance sheet impact for GAAP presentation, but for taxes, their growth stops so you do get the impact of a gain or loss on the tax rate. Just for rough math, with the $385 million portfolio, 70% is allocated to equity. That's about $270 million. The S&P was up 2.6% for the quarter, so that would imply a $7 million equity-based gain in that portfolio for the quarter. The actual gain was $11 million for the quarter. So we're not all in S&P 500 type objectives. Obviously, there's international, there's small caps, there's a number of other types of investments, and there's some fixed income that bounces around a little bit as well. So the actual gain of $11 million, so it was not exactly a correlation to the S&P 500, but it does have that impact. So in times of market movements in the quarter, you ought to think about adjusting your tax rate somewhat for that phenomenon. A couple other items I'd like to mention, we talked a little bit about the comp ratio. We ended up at 66.6% for the quarter and 66.75% for the year-to-date. So that's - it is under that 67% target that we sort of outlined at the analyst day, although last quarter because of the charge that I mentioned and the impact of variable comp accruals was even lower than these numbers. On Page 10 of the press release, you can see a number of other statistics that you should take note of. The non-GAAP pretax margin was 17.1% for the quarter, and also 17.1% for the year-to-date. The adjusted non-GAAP ROE was 14% for the quarter, 14.1% for the year-to-date. Tax rate, because of what I mentioned for the quarter, was 33.3%, thank you to COLI; and for the year-to-date, it was even lower than that at 31.6%. And the reason for that is if you recall in the December quarter each year, we get a fairly nice tax deduction for all the equity awards that vest. We typically award them after our fiscal year end. So in the December quarter, so when those vest, we now get a tax deduction for the appreciation in those awards, whereas before it went straight to equity. So that started this past year, and that's why we had a low rate in the December quarter and should for each December quarter and it's growing as the stock price grows. Our capital ratios, all very strong, all higher than last quarter. We had a little higher equity level, of course, for earnings. Our balance sheet growth was largely in very low risk-weighted assets, obviously at the bank level, which I'll talk about in a second. Getting back to net interest now, I would say the June quarter reflected most of the margin increase that we had. There's a little bit of a lag because of the bank loans that select 60- or 90-day LIBOR as their base. They don't generally reset until the anniversary of that 60- or 90-day period. So throughout the quarter, some of those continued to adjust. And similarly, in June increase, those haven't adjusted and they will be adjusting in the quarter we're sitting in. The June quarter reflected actually very little of the June increase just because of the timing in late in the quarter, but our current estimate, and I think we talked about this at analyst day as well, is that the September quarter we'll probably realize somewhere in the $15 million type range. I'd give you a broader range. A range around that number will benefit from that June rate increase, sort of split between interest and account and service fees. We have already raised rates to customers following the June increase, and we may do so again if competition for deposits heats up. But we're right now currently at or near the top of our benchmark group in virtually all the levels of client relationships. So we're pretty comfortable with where we are for the moment. But if the competition continues to move, we'll be following suit. Our current spread - when I talk about spread, I'm really talking about what we earn on client domestic cash sweep balances, and those are now shown in this report on Page 10 at the very bottom of that chart at the lower part of the page. You can see we added clients' domestic cash sweep balances. That's a factor that you all follow very closely, as do we. The unfortunate part of that, and this is what I think really caused the miss on interest earnings estimate, is that you could see we had a $2.5 billion decline over the June quarter and client cash sweep balances. It's not really - it's not money leaving the firm. It's money generally either being deployed in the market or being deployed into other short-term or what I'll call almost cash equivalent type investments like short-term CDs or T-bills or even some money market funds that we don't sweep to. Just to seek a little bit higher yield for money they don't want to put to work for a period of time because it hasn't really, like I said, been money out the door from FAA's departing or anything else. So that had a big impact, as you can imagine. But of that $43.3 billion that you see in that number at the end of June, about $38 billion of that is in our bank sweep program, by far, our largest and most popular program. Of that $38 billion, just a little under $16 billion was going to Raymond James Bank, and the other $22 billion was going to external banks. And that fee that we earned from the external banks is what shows up in account and service fees. What goes to Raymond James Bank, obviously shows up in interest, and our spread on that really is reflected in their net interest margin, which we'll get to in a second. And then the other $5 billion is split between our client interest program, which is interest earnings on our financial statements and some of the money market funds that we still do offer as a sweep, such as the government-fund and the tax-exempt fund. But our spread, which I would start out this conversation with on these client cash sweep balances that are simply turned around and reinvested in other banks or in the client interest program, our spread on that is currently in excess of 110 basis points, which is very high by historical standards. So I've talked to you in the past, our historic levels were closer to 70. I do think that, that will contract here somewhat over time. I don't think it will get all the way back to 70, as I mentioned in the analyst day. I think it'll probably level out in the 90s, somewhere. So over time, whether it's just triggered by competitors or another fed move or whatever, I think that spread will eventually tighten further from where it is a little bit. So that's kind of where we are in interest, again - but we haven't really reflected the June increase in June. So we'll still see a pickup in the September quarter on a net basis. On Page 11 of the press release are the RJ Bank statistics, you can see the bank grew $1 billion in the quarter. That was accounted for more than all of our balance sheet growth. It was about $635 million in loans and about $300 million in the securities portfolio. As Paul mentioned, the net interest margin grew six basis points, really kind of a combination of a number of impacts, obviously, the March increase got into that, net interest margin. There's a lag effect of loan pricings. Growth of securities portfolio, the amount of cash they have on their balance sheet throughout the quarter, all those things, the securities portfolio and cash balances have negative impacts on that. I think we're still comfortable guiding you through the 3.10% to 3.20% range, which is what we had said at the analyst day. But bear in mind, that's going to be on a much larger base if they're really going to grow $1 billion a quarter, which I don't necessarily think that will be the run rate. But if they're going to grow with the securities portfolio in all, yes, that's going to depress the net interest margin but it's going to be applied to a much larger base. So we should still see a nice growth in net interest earnings from that growth. Bank capital ratios are consistent with the previous quarter. In fact, they're right on top of the previous quarter by the rounding that we put in here. But that was really basically their own earnings, offset by the asset growth that we mentioned, plus the dividend RJF. And I talked earlier about the holding company capital ratios in that the asset growth was really in the low risk-weighted assets. And if you see the types of loans that Paul mentioned, that grew. Those are fairly low risk-weighted, the securities base loans and mortgages, et cetera, are much low much lower risk weighting than the C&I loans. And the securities portfolio as well as all agencies security. So that's very low risk weighting as well. So that's generally the reason the holding company capital ratios grew. And lastly, on the bank, credit metrics are still pretty good. We did see an uptick in criticized loans at the very bottom of Page 11. Really, I'd say it's us getting ahead of what we think could happen, although we're pretty well protected on to some of our real estate specific loans and Steve can dive deeper into that if you want to get more details on that. But we also had some upgrades and some sales and things like that, that actually kept the overall provision for the quarter at a pretty normal level. So last thing I'd like to do is touch on how we did versus some of the targets that my targets that I mentioned at the analyst day. I should qualify that. I told you I thought PCG could get to 12%. They're at 11.35%. So that one's not quite where we'd like to see it yet. And capital markets came in at 13.4% versus the 15% target, as you can - as you know, Tax Credit Funds had a - is having a little bit of a slow time, as well as fixed income with a flatter yield curve. But we still think 15% is a very realistic margin target for that segment. We were thinking asset management even post the acquisition coming up ought to be over 30% and they were at 34.4%. And the RJ Bank net interest margin, we said 3.10% to 3.20%, and it was right almost in the middle of that at 3.14%. We still are trying to keep our comp ratio below 67%, which we did at 66.6%. We steered you toward IT, averaging or somewhere around $80 million per quarter and it was just under $78 million this quarter. So that's tracking as expected. The overall pretax margin, we are hopeful to get 17%, and on the adjusted basis we're at 17.1%. Tax rate, I told you, it was kind of going to be down at the 35%, plus or minus COLI, 35% versus yield 36.5% to 37% because of the change in the equity award tax accounting. And obviously, COLI worked in our favor and knocked the rate down 33.3% for the quarter. And lastly, the ROE, we're in a 14% to 15% range, we're at the very low and of that range at 14%. So for some of those that missed, maybe the PCG and the overall in the ROE we'd like to see a little higher et cetera, we missed a couple of those, but there are some additional positives going forward as Paul will discuss as I turn this back over to him.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. Just for looking forward a little bit. There are several really tailwinds heading into the quarter. First, in the Private Client Group, we are continuing strong recruiting and retention, which certainly should build. Assets on fee-based accounts, which are billed at the beginning of the quarter, up 6% as the start. So we certainly have those billing tailwinds coming in. Short-term interest rates will continue to kind of a flow-through, as Jeff had mentioned. We also announced a comp change really due to DOL and the fact that we really haven't had outside of some structural changes almost in 2 decades was really a major comp change here. And that should drive another 1%. It's 1% decrease in the comp ratio for PCG, 100 basis points. And that'll start the first quarter of 2018. Now there will be some DOL costs that'll help cover and there are some DOL transitions, we're still in negotiating with mutual funds DOL impacted payments and other things. But so that will continue. There's lots of activity with DOL right now, and it was on-again, off-again, on-again and it might be delayed or off-again. So we're continuing down the road of the current law, but I think given the request of the SEC and DOL on an extension, I think it's very likely we see one. But we'll see what happens. In the capital markets, still very optimistic on a strong M&A pipeline, and we know that can change on a dime in the markets but it looks very, very good going forward. Tax Credit Funds will continue to be challenged until there's tax certainty. Certainly banks need CRA credits and there'll be a market. But as developers are kind of pricing on existing tax rates and the buyers are looking at an effective change, that's going to keep a challenge in that market until there's certainty, institutional commissions with lack of volatility would be soft unless there's a volatility event. Then certainly, fixed income with the flattening yield curve on top of that, will still see its challenges. Although again, I would say performed very well relative to the broader market. Asset management, again, continues to benefit from recruiting and retention. Continued movement to fee-based accounts, really pushed by the DOL. Total fee-based assets are starting at 6% higher now, they don't bill all beginning of it, they bill through the quarter. But it's a good start, better to be up 6% than down 6% at the start. Scout and Reams is still on track to add about the $67 billion of assets, when we first announced - it was $27 billion I'm sorry, in assets. We expect it still to close at the end of the calendar year and that last fourth quarter of the calendar year, all indications are we're still on track for that. RJ Bank, our focus is still to maintain just disciplined loan growth if the market allows it. We're going to continue to expand our agency-backed securities portfolio, as we previously announced. So I think all businesses are performing well given the market environment. We know this equity market won't continue forever, but it's certainly been tailwinds over the last year. All of our fundamentals are strong from recruiting to assets. We are well positioned to continue this momentum. So we see changes and we're going to continue our investment in tech and support, which we've continued to invest in both of those really to help our clients and our advisers. So maybe the one unusual item last quarter was the comp impact but on a positive to shareholders is our associates and management, everyone is impacted by profitability. So we have a lot of profit-based accounts and if we don't perform, the bonus pools are affected. So with that, I thank you for joining us today and I'll open it up for questions. So Kathy?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura Instinet.
Steven Chubak: So just wanted to clarify a couple of items around the comp ratio, and recognizing that JPH did have a dampening effect last quarter but that seasonality in terms of the comp decline is usually quite strong that we see from the March quarter to the June quarter. And on top of that, you were supposed to have the benefit of Morgan Keegan roll-off, which albeit is somewhat modest, was supposed to help certainly this quarter. I'm just wondering whether that benefit was in fact reflected in the comp ratio this quarter and to what extent did the remixing towards independence versus Ray J advisers actually impact the number as well?
Paul Reilly: Obviously it had some impact, you can see the increase in advisers has been higher on the independent side than on the employee side lately. Whatever benefit we got from the Morgan Keegan roll-off, which was the smaller of the roll-off, the bigger 1 comes in two years from now when the Private Client Group 7-year arrangements start to roll off, but this was the smaller group of capital markets folks. That obviously did roll off. We typically replace programs with much lesser programs. So there was a net benefit, but obviously, the comp ratio is being impacted pretty dramatically by all - we replaced it with Alex Brown related deferred comp, as well. So I mean I think again, we come out with that 67% target for a reason. There are whole lot of factors that play into what you're mentioning in some of them, but there are other ones as well. And we had hope to impact it a little bit by the grid change that Paul's talked about. We have been adding a lot of people in the compliance area of the firm, our risk mentioned areas of the firm, which obviously has an impact on that as well. So we're still kind of comfortable in the 66.5% to 67% range. And we think that's pretty good result for the quarter and I think that, that's about where we project it to be going forward here.
Steven Chubak: And in thinking about the larger Morgan Keegan roll-off, which is slated to come a couple of years down the road, I know it's difficult to predict what the competitive dynamics will be like. But is it fair to expect that, that benefit would also accrete to the bottom line?
Paul Reilly: Yes, but let me mention one more factor just to show you how complicated it is. Just so when that rolls off in two years, we don't want that fairly sizable group of finance advisers to be there with zero handcuff, so to speak, on them. So what we've done is started net this past quarter, we started putting them on the new deferred comp plan two years before the other one rolls off. So when those do roll off, they will actually have some deferred compensation in place. So that obviously had an impact on the ratio as well. That's our standard practice. We applied it to Morgan Keegan, but it's our standard practice for employees.
Jeff Julien: But that's at a much lower rate than you will see roll off so there's no question that in 2 years from now, there should be a benefit, again, depending on how large we are, it may not be as impactful as you might think it. It's about in the high teens per quarter now for the people that are still with us, as $17 million, $18 million per year. So it's not - it'll be a couple of million dollars, $4 million, $5 million a quarter. So it won't be a huge needle mover but definitely we should see the impact of it starting in the June 2020 quarter.
Steven Chubak: Just one final one from me, and maybe this is best for Steve. Looking at the pockets of bank growth, you did note that there - or was mentioned that it was in predominantly lower RWA intensive buckets, but CRE we did in fact see some very strong growth. I was hoping you could speak to your risk appetite and whether you thought that pace of growth was sustainable?
Steven Raney: Yes. I would say our risk appetite is very consistent and the approach in the underwriting that we're employing hasn't changed. It's opportunistic. The C&I market, the corporate market has been a little softer. It's a little bit more volatile. Probably too much money chasing too few deals in that sector. But we are very disciplined on the commercial real estate side. And as you know, a lot of our real estate lending is focused on REITs that are highly diversified and many of them are investment-grade or would have an investment-grade rating if they were rated.
Paul Reilly: I should just correct myself. The effect of the Morgan Keegan roll-off will start in the June 2019, not 2020.
Operator: We'll go to the next question from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: Can you guys go over a little bit more the rationale for the change in the comp rate at PCG? I just wasn't quite following that exactly.
Jeff Julien: You mean this year --
Paul Reilly: You mean the grid change that was announced?
Christopher Harris: Yes, the grid change, the grid change, yes.
Paul Reilly: We've increased costs, our back office is up almost 1/3 over 4 years. We've got DOL costs coming in. We've got - if you look at where our grids are, they're still very competitive after most firms. Some firms make tweaks to their grids every single year. We tend not to do that because we think it - and it shows up in industry adviser satisfaction surveys. But when there's a reason to do it, we're very transparent. We roll it out. We explain it to advisers. At our conference they could get up to the microphones and ask direct questions, but I think this one was actually pretty well-received. So it was just - it was a grid change in order to cover some of the costs, the DOL and other costs that have been imposed on us by the regulatory environment.
Jeff Julien: That really is a grid change in the employee channel. I mean, it's somewhat the same in the independent contractor channel except with their - and some of their impetus is going to a product neutral type grid, which we did in the employee side a couple of years ago.
Paul Reilly: But the same result is almost 100 basis point change and the result - we're very transparent about that, with our branch owners in the independent channel.
Christopher Harris: No, that all makes perfect sense. Just the one clarifying follow-up, when that grid change takes effect, are you guys expecting incremental expenses off of the base today, which would offset the benefit of that, or no? Is the grid change versus the expense base today that's in a run rate currently due to DOL and the other elevated costs? In other words, is it going to be accretive or not I guess is what I'm asking?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think it'll be accretive in the short term, certainly costs are elevated now we've continued to hire. So some of it is reflective of cost we've already incurred. And again, we've made some fairly significant hiring still to beef up these areas, so some of those costs will be coming through in the future. So it's - I think partly accretive and to the existing base cost, but partly covering future cost, too. So DOL is just too hard. There's too many moving parts between revenue that's affected and costs that are required and the law, I think, being back up for review to really quantify it. If we could, we'd tell you. But so part of it is to cover existing costs we've already raised and part of it is to cover future costs.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Maybe just a little bit of color on the environment for recruiting. You guys seemingly have had some a big success in the Northeast, maybe less so in the West Coast. Maybe just kind of talk about where you're seeing the most activity and where you think can you get sort of the recruiting in the West Coast side accelerating like you've done in the Northeast?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think we just started when I came in. One of my platforms was growth in the Northeast and out West, and we just kind of hit it better in the Northeast and then also between Alex. Brown and Stuart Partners had the right kind of teams to help influence that, and we've got better momentum. So we're now just as focused as we were few years ago in getting the West Coast going, in fact we moved our November board meeting to California to make a statement and start getting a really concerted effort both for clients and advisers to start gearing up to get better drive out west, which has been our slower area and the farthest geographically. So we've made progress. We have recruited advisers, we've got a good pipeline. That's a big market and we've got a lot to do and it's a big opportunity for us. So if we can do it in the rest of the country, there's no reason why we can't to do it in the 3 Western states on the coast there.
James Mitchell: Right. So do you feel like the kind of the pace you had in terms of FA headcount growth that there's still plenty of runway to keep that at a pretty similar pace going forward?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I believe so. I think that we're just in the right place at the right time both in our offering in terms of technology and support and our position. And don't think it'll last forever. So our emphasis on training continues to increase as we put more and more people into our training programs for our next generation advisers. So I think we have to do both. But if you look at our market share still in the Northeast and the West, if we could bring it to our market share on the other parts of the country, we've got a lot of potential for growth. Those are 2 very big markets. The other thing that's helped us in the Northeast that will help us in the West is that our Alex. Brown joining us has really increased our ability to service ultra-high-net-worth clients, which might have been something that hurt us a little bit in recruiting the very high-end advisers. But I think today, we have our platforms filled out. So it's just about execution and everything would point to right now we still have plenty of running room.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Just maybe to follow-up on that last question on recruiting, so clearly, you have still some really nice momentum. If we dig into the headcount, it sounds like it's more on the independent side. Is that brokerage, or is it pure RIA, independent RIAAs? And how has that been trending and then how do we think about the economic models of some of the different types of advisers, especially the assets you're seeing the acceleration in assets going to fee-based? And so I'm just trying to think about the grids for that as more money goes fee-based as more advisers maybe are choosing kind of the pure RIA model and just kind of the profitability of client assets dollar in each bucket?
Paul Reilly: If you go back two years ago, the Private Client Group, independent employees, and these go back and forth, were pretty equal and then independents kind of pulled away, not massively, but it's been out recruiting. I think this quarter, you seem some anomalies both in some retirement, some terms. And there are some employees that have moved independent, which is part of our adviser choice program is that you can be wherever you want. And so if you look at the numbers just for the quarter, I don't think that's a fair representation. Recruiting has been very good in the employee channel. So we try to be indifferent. The margins right now happen to be a little bit better in the independent side, but they go up and down just depending on business and mix and how many offices we're opening and all sorts of other things. So you see the independent growth, they are independent advisers, some have their own RIA but if you look at those numbers, they are independent advisers versus our RIA channel even though we've had good success in recruiting RIAs and it's a - I call it the third leg of our adviser platform that we want to make sure that if people in here or outsiders want to join Raymond James, they have the RIA channel. You're seeing the growth really on the independent side is what's driving those numbers right now.
Devin Ryan: And then want to circle back to something that we talked about at the investor day and kind of the M&A appetite in private clients, and I think you mentioned there's a handful of firms that you're kind of always keeping an eye on and speaking with. It could be kind of a good cultural fit for Raymond James and it sounded like in the future, to the extent regulatory costs go up and the burden of technology goes up, maybe some of those firms may decide that being independent is not the best path. And so I'm just trying to think about that, you've had a lot of success with recent deals, Morgan Keegan, Alex. Brown. They seem to be progressing well and so I'm curious if it maybe makes sense to be a little bit more proactive to kind of rather than wait for them to make that decision to incentivize them more because you've had success and you're clearly getting a lot out of both directly and indirectly the more recent deals you've done?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So our approach has been - hasn't really changed first. We don't want to be the only firm out there besides kind of the larger bank-owned firms. So we tend to be supportive of our - we're competitors, but we believe it's good that there are other firms out in the business. That we feel that those firms stay independent until they feel they have a reason not to be and that we're at a home like we've proven, whether it was Morgan Keegan, Alex. Brown or 3Macs that if they want to come in and become part of our culture and family, and in fact, those firms have influenced us, trying to take the best of all, we'll be there and we let them know that we're here for them. So we don't get into bidding wars, things - even if we love firms and they're too expensive, we don't do them and we find the best fit is when they're ready and the cultures fit, they know we respect them and that we are here and we're not a hostile firm. We feel that these integrations have worked well because we've had people that wanted to join us and we wanted them. It wasn't one side or the other. They're hard work, they're really hard. I've told both our head of Alex. Brown and 3Macs when they joined us, they said, "I'm glad that's over with." I said, "Are you kidding me? This next year is going to be the hardest year you've ever had," and integrations are hard. And if both sides don't want to do it, and aren't very active, they don't work. So I think for us, how we do it's the right way. I think what we've changed in the last maybe 5 years is we're very clear to those firms if they ever change, we think there's a home, but we're not going to try to push them or sway them or indirectly get them to join us. And the advantage we have is, again, if you look at adviser count, since after the Morgan Keegan, it's up roughly about 3.4% compounded. It's 2.8% without these acquisitions. So we are doing a good job in organic growth and those are gravy for us. And I think forcing those or indirectly forcing, we wouldn't get the results we're getting today.
Devin Ryan: Just last one on the expenses, Paul, I just missed some of the commentary around the step-up in other expenses. But it sounded like that might be a little bit higher going forward. So I'm just trying to kind of parse through the step-up in the kind of core basis and then is it recurring items that will remain a little bit elevated or things that could roll off but they're just kind of still in the run rate? Just trying to think about how to model that.
Paul Reilly: Maybe a slightly bit elevated. But it's really the increase really relates to legal regulatory consulting fees, related - the latter related to regulatory matters that we have ongoing. It's probably a function of the regulatory environment if that eases up, it may drift down. But I'd continue to be conservative on that line if I were modeling, just for the sake of being conservative.
Paul Reilly: And we are investing significantly in a technology modernization around the supervision and compliance, not just for regulation, but really to help our advisers to get more proactive by giving them information. So we're investing in technology there, I guess, we're investing in technology everywhere. That's the world today.
Devin Ryan: So just to be clear, as a starting point, the $60 million from this quarter - obviously there's lumpy items and a lot of moving parts, but that's probably not a bad starting point to think about it?
Jeff Julien: Yes. I think that would be a conservative number to use.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Conor Fitzgerald from Goldman Sachs.
Conor Fitzgerald: Just wanted to circle back on the comp ratio, maybe just taking it from kind of a 9 months year-to-date perspective. But I think you've got revenues up $736 million and you've got comp up $461 million. So it kind of implies the incremental compensation margin is, call it 63%. Just wondering if that's a fair way to think about the growth of the business from here?
Jeff Julien: That's hard to say. Again, it comes from the independent contractor side, which has been the majority of our recruiting lately. It has a much higher comp level attached to it. But...
Paul Reilly: If it comes from interest rate, there's none.
Jeff Julien: Yes. If it comes from interest, even though it doesn't have a huge revenue impact but if it comes from interest, it has very little impact. It's nice - that's obviously what's taken the year-to-date ratio down below last year's. I don't know if that's going to be the situation going forward. We'd like to think that. Plus as these grid changes will have an impact going forward that Paul mentioned of some magnitude. So we think we're still probably pretty comfortable. We don't - it's hard to say what incremental revenues - it just depends where they are. So if this contractor side continues to be a big driver, then it will probably stay about flat. But my guess is on a relative mix of revenues that we would anticipate growing that you will actually see it drift down, just a little bit, from where it is now.
Conor Fitzgerald: And sorry, I just wanted to clarify one part of your comment. If I can look at how much the interest rate revenue is up, it implies that the core business kind of had comp ratio go higher. Is that just because of the independent channel is that how we should think about kind of the pluses and minuses from here?
Jeff Julien: That's the biggest driver of the higher comp ratio, yes.
Paul Reilly: This is complexity why we just try to get targets because certainly the bank's growth and its comp ratio is low, interest rates are very low and independent contractors are high, just because the way we pay them, they per their own overhead costs. So it's such a blending, and it depends where the revenue growth you get capital markets that...
JeffJulien: Can be high.
Paul Reilly: Can be high but usually lower than independent contractors. You get fixed income, which tended to have lower in the core business. But in public finance it's more like Investment Banking comp. So it's just - it's a very, very complex number and these businesses move at different rates. But to the extent the bank and interest rates grow, you're on the low-end. To the extent that it's private client or even capital markets to the extent you're even higher.
Jeff Julien: And see, those are all revenue related comments. On the other hand, we can have a lot of overhead added. We have had a lot of overhead, and the reason I think you're seeing a little improvement is that, that's kind of tapered off with all of the hiring we did over the last 2 years in the risk management world that's already baked into the fixed comp type level. Now we're getting some revenue lift that's helping that.
Paul Reilly: And the other cost, Paul Shoukry reminded me, that's impacted on the higher side is the retention of Alex. Brown and 3Macs flowing through. So those retention payments, if you pull those out, you wouldn't see comp going up without the others. But you add those in, it's impacting positively comp, too.
Jeff Julien: That would make your year-to-date even lower.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Conor Fitzgerald: And then more just a broader picture in terms of what you're seeing from clients year-to-date, you and a lot of your peers have seen a very active retail investor. What's kind of the attitude on the ground from your advisers? And then when your customers are buying into the market, just be curious what type of investments they're putting money to work in?
Paul Reilly: I think there's been a pick-up in equities and some in the higher net worth all still remain very popular. Again, you're talking about a couple of percentage points. So I wouldn't call it huge shifts. I think most of the advisers are still pushing hard diversity and I think you see some real entry - some reentry into the market. But as the equity markets are good, but these aren't huge cataclysmic shifts. There are a few hundred - there are a couple of hundred basis points shifts.
JeffJulien: And not 200 but couple of hundred basis points. And you're seeing a lot of it go, not to commission based type trades, you're seeing a lot of it going into the fee-based type products. So we put the fee-based assets in our press release so you can see that 6% sequential growth in that. So I mean, they're either letting managers do it or buying mutual funds typically.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of William Katz with Citi.
Benjamin Herbert: This is Ben Herbert on for Bill. Just wanted to ask MiFID II, if you're anticipating any impact from that next year?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think there will be certainly on research payments, MiFID II, where it all settles out, I don't know. It was hard to say whether the U.S. was going to move with MiFID II. My guess is given the global nature of the business, more of the larger managers are going to go to MiFID II type payments just because it's too complex to wall them off. So whether you're a winner or a loser depends overall on what kind of research you do. The good news is our research is pretty focused in small and mid-cap, and I think we can get paid for value. But overall, it's probably going to push and squeeze research payments overall. So I think most of the whole business is going to get some squeeze on it. So not our biggest revenue item. So I wouldn't call MiFID II a positive. It's probably going to be a negative on overall payments but who knows what that'll look like. Research has been under pressure for many years, first in the form of commission payments and now as we go to MiFID and more direct payments, it's just asset managers lower their fees, they're lowering what they pass off. So I wouldn't call it a positive headwind or positive law. I don't know how significant it will really be given our revenue mix, but it's certainly not a positive.
Benjamin Herbert: And then maybe just a follow-up on advisory fees, are you seeing - what's the dynamic there around platform fees? Are you seeing any impact there?
Paul Reilly: There are two pieces. I think advisory fees themselves have held a very, very well. And we're seeing what advisers are getting from their clients holding up very, very well. So I think even for the firm, the fees that funds paid us have held up well even with the growth of ETFs and other low-cost funds, which don't pay us well. But so far the overall revenue has held up well, and part of that is the market's grown, too, and the dollar volume is bigger. But I think there are certainly - in terms of what funds can pay there's pressure again as they lower fees, which will have an impact on us over time. The advisory part of the business seems to be holding up extremely well.
Operator: At this time, there no questions.
Paul Reilly: Well, great. I really appreciate you joining us and then some, I think we had a good quarter and sounds like the revenue - the comp communication we could have been a little clearer on. But I still think we're on track. We think we have good momentum in front of us, especially with the fee-based accounts and billings starting 6% up interest rates and good recruiting. So thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you next quarter.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-01-26 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the earnings call for Raymond James Financial’s Fiscal First Quarter of 2017. My name is Kayla, and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website. Now I would like to turn the call over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations, at Raymond James Financial. Please go ahead.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Kayla. Good morning and I thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning. As always, we appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosures, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, acquisitions, our ability to successful recruit and integrate financial advisors, anticipate results of litigation and regulatory developments, or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, plans, and future or other conditional verbs, such as will, could and would, as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that forward-looking statements are subject to risks and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q which are available on our website. During today's call we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide the information pertinent to our management's view on ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should be read in conjunction with and not as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. Now I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks Paul, and good morning everyone. Paul told me this morning that we are going to have huge – there is really huge crowds on this call. So I don't know if that is based on real facts or alternative facts, but as I read some of the analysis of our release, I want to make sure that we get as clear as we can [Indiscernible] the real facts there. First, I am very proud of the quarter and the accomplishments. I think the underlying businesses maybe safe. Capital markets in a tough quarter have done very, very well. We had record quarterly net revenue of 1.49 billion, up 17% over year ago quarter and 2% sequentially. We had second best quarterly net income of 146.6 million, up 38% over last year’s quarter and down 15% sequentially due primarily to a lot of adjustments that our legal reserve will talk about a little bit, and that results in a dollar per fully diluted share. During the quarter, we had the Alex Brown and 3Macs acquisitions close and integrate. At Alex Brown we are still over 90% of the advisors and 3Macs 100%. That is an easy one to calculate – had come over and are with us. If you take out those integration expenses our adjusted net income was 155.6 million, up 45% from last year’s quarter down 16% sequentially, or $1.07 per fully diluted share. So we had a lot of positives going on. We had a record quarter of net revenue in the private client group, asset management and RJ Bank, and we had record quarterly pretax in both asset management and RJ Bank. Maybe more importantly as our key future revenue drivers ended up with new record client assets under administration of $116.9 billion, financial assets – $616.9 billion, I guess I mispronounced it. Thanks Jeff. Financial assets under management of $79.7 billion, and net loans of $15.8 billion and we have a Fed interest rate hike that really came in December that hasn’t really come through the quarter, which should impact us positively next quarter. I think it is just showing a solid execution of our business strategy and our long-term focus. Two items that hit really the quarter before I get into the segments that Jeff will cover first is the [effective tax rate] of 29% that was really due to stock comp accounting, which he will go into, and a legal reserve, which could have been a more explicit increase, which is over $30 million that impacted the quarter kind of the other way. With that let me get into kind of the segments. The private client group had a record quarter of net revenue of 104 billion, up 19% over year ago and 8% sequentially, really driven by organic growth. Recruiting remained very strong and retention as well as the 3Macs and Alex Brown acquisitions. We had quarterly pre-tax of $74.3 million, up 6%, but down 31% sequentially, again legal reserves and some overhead during the Alex Brown and 3Macs acquisitions. We had a footnote, but probably it could have been clearer. We ended advisor count at 7128 advisors, up 441, and it could have appeared without reading the footnote that we are down 18, but as the footnote referred to we actually refined how we counted advisors, and more of a focus on branch managers when they were producing versus non-producing branch managers. And if you really look at an apples to apples we were up 80 in the quarter versus the adjustment we did in the account. So again, we had a good increase of advisors of 80 for the quarter. Client assets under administration $585.6 billion, up 24% over last year's quarter and 2% sequentially. Prior to that client group assets and fee based accounts actually rose quicker at 240.2 billion, up 26% over last year’s quarter and 4% sequentially. So a tailwind both in assets and again the Fed interest rate rise in December not really fully impacting that number yet. It was a disappointing area with certain capital markets. Our net revenues of $233 million were up 3% over a year ago’s quarter, but down 18% sequentially. Interesting in the number, institutional commissions and trading profits were solid. The institutional commissions got a positive impact over the changes after the Trump election, but investment banking revenues were hit hard down 42%, primarily part of it structural, part of it cyclical with the IPO market certainly off last year. We had some bumps in tax credit, which we will talk a little bit with great business and a great backlog, but we also had proposed tax changes after the Trump election where it took some time to kind of sort out and get through that system. With that impact really as a result of that down revenue the pretax income was 21.4 million, down 15% over a year ago and down 60% from a record quarter in the previous quarter. Asset management, record net revenues of $114.1 million, up 14% from a year ago’s quarter, 7% sequentially. Record pretax income of 41.9 million, up 26% over year ago’s quarter and 19% sequentially, and with record assets under management, as I said previously of 79.7 billion. This was driven by the growth of the advisors, certainly equity market appreciations and even some net positive – small net positive flows for [Indiscernible] Eagle. Under the bank, record net revenues of $138 million, up 27% over last year's quarter and 3% sequentially, record pretax income of $104.1 million, up 58% over last year’s quarter and 7% sequentially really driven by across the board balanced loan growth and consistent net income margins. We had record net loans of $15.8 billion, up 15% over last year’s quarter and 4% sequentially, and credit quality really improved between pay-offs and even selling some criticized loans, where criticized loans were down 18% from a year ago’s quarter and 26% sequentially. So overall we are very pleased with the bank results and really very pleased with the first fiscal quarter. So with that I will turn it over to Jeff to have him get into some details.
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. Let me talk about some of the line items and the variances from what we will call a consensus model that you all have provided to us. Actually our biggest revenue line item, the commissions and fees, were pretty close. We did a little better as we had a little better quarter in terms of commissionable product sales than were anticipated, but all in all we were very close. I would say you all did a very good job of anticipating the impact of a full quarter of Alex Brown and 3Macs on that line item. Investment banking was the biggest miss in terms of percentage for the quarter. there is detail in the press release that shows the weakness in underwriting, M&A and the tax credit funds business compared to the preceding quarter, particularly those businesses all are a little bit lumpy as you all know, and as Paul mentioned, we think that the businesses have a lot of upside from this current quarter, but December is kind of a seasonally weak quarter anyway, but this was a little bit weaker than we had expected as well. Account and service fees, we were a little higher than the model and what that really reflects is the immediate impact of the interest rate hike on the bank deposit program and the fees we received from the banks participating in that program was a little over $3 million impact for the quarter. Trading profits, I know we steered you downward in our operating statistics releases during the quarter and fixed income trading profits, and indeed in November, post-election when we had athen the hand rate spike, trading days were very difficult there and we – but they had a very, very good December, which pulled them out and for the quarter $20 million that we showed was a fair amount above the consensus that you all ended up with and that we sort of steered you towards. Other revenues, again as detailed in the press release, showing a private equity valuation gain for the quarter of about $10.6 million, which was also lumpy and we don't know when to expect it, but some of the private equity funds and things that we are still owners of had valuation gains along with the rise in the stock market during the quarter. On the expense side, comp was reasonably close. I would point out that our comp ratio for the quarter was 67.4%. So comfortably under our 68% target that we are still operating under. Communication information processing was a little lower than we had been guiding you towards. I think we are giving guidance in the $75 million to $80 million a quarter, and I think we will reiterate that guidance for the balance of the year. This quarter was unusually light. It had a lot to do with the timing of when projects come on-stream and begin amortizing and how much of the project work is being capitalized versus expense and things like that. It is a little hard for us to predict with great accuracy, but I think the 75 to 80 is probably still a pretty good number. And if we don't spend the IT resources on regulatory, we will find other things to use them for. We have a long list of items that are requesting attention. So I don't think it will go down even if regulatory demands abate somewhat. Investment sub-advisory fees interestingly were higher than you had projected and the real reason for that is the fee-based assets that were brought it from Alex Brown, particularly they already had relationships with outside managers, and a lot of them were already on our platform and some we added. So they came over – [mapped over] just sort of directly and stayed with those outside managers. So, a lot of those fee-based assets that came over continue to use outside managers as opposed to our proprietary managers. That is what gives rise to the outside managers sub-advisory expense. The bank loan loss provision, a credit for the quarter in the face of $618 million of net loan growth in the quarter does look unusual. Paul pointed out the declining criticized loans. We had payoffs, paydowns in some sales. Actually some of our criticized loans during the quarter as well as one nice recovery that we had previously charged off – again like I said that is us getting ahead of the game somewhat but a lot of those things came home to roost in the December quarter, and so all of those things were enough to overcome the provision that would have been associated with the $618 million of net loan growth in the quarter to give rise to a small credit. The other expense we have talked about that Paul mentioned is some significant legal reserves in there this quarter. We hope that is a non-recurring thing, but we always have legal reserves of some magnitude, but this was a particularly large quarter for that. Paul mentioned the tax rate of 29%. I assume that the analyst community at least is aware of the change in equity accounting for the – I would call it the windfall that you get when equity awards are deductible when they invest as opposed to when they start amortizing in their books from grant date forward, but then they are deductible when they invest and typically that is five years later typically for us. The stock is higher than it was at grant price, so you have a bigger tax deduction than you have run through your book, expense over that time and that gives rise to this tax windfall in the past that amount was simply a credit to book value, a credit to equity, but now the guidance that that will run through the tax provision but there truly is less taxes that you will pay in the quarter the divesting occurs. So most of our awards are made at the end of the fiscal year in the November timeframe and typically like I mentioned have a five-year vests associated with them. So the amount that – it will typically be a December quarter phenomenon for us to see this tax benefit as long as the stock price is higher than it was five years earlier. This year it was a particularly big number because of the stock price versus where it was five years ago. If the stock price were not to move from where it is today for the next couple of years that number would be about a $10 million type tax benefit in the next two years in the December quarter. But a lot of it depends both on the stock price, and it also depends on how many units are outstanding based on who is still with us at that time, but the turnover has not been a big factor here. So those are the line items. Some other points I would like to mention. From a big picture standpoint and I have read the comments that have come out starting last night and I would say that generally they are pretty on point. I would say if you try to strip out all the noise that we had in the quarter with the tax benefit, with the unusually high legal provision, with the bank loan-loss provision being a credit, of the PE gain and all those types of things. I think your comments are sort of right. We are not too far off from where the consensus was on what you would call an operating run rate basis. But as I will talk about in a minute, we still have a lot of tailwinds going into the next quarter. Other ratios I will mention that are in the press release, the pre-tax margin non-GAAP was 14.7. Well below our target, but obviously that relates to the legal provisions taken during the quarter. Otherwise we might have been closer above our target there. The non-GAAP ROE was 12.4% for the quarter, which we think is acceptable given the climate, but again that included the offset of all of these factors I mentioned before. Shareholders equity, by the way, crossed $5 billion for the first time. So a little bit of a milestone there for us, and I will point out that our capital ratios all improved slightly during the quarter as we had earnings and equity credits that from other stock compensation expense, another thing that affects equity, that grew faster than our total assets. So going forward a couple of comments. The impact of the rate hike, as I mentioned, it was a little over $3 million in the December quarter. That is a little bit of guesswork still in terms of going forward, but at this point in time based on what we are seeing in the competitors and the rates on money market funds et cetera, I am anticipating above and beyond the December quarter an additional $15 million to $18 million to pre-tax earnings split between interest earnings and the account and service fees. We have raised rates to clients. So since that rate hike and I am guessing we will probably do so again during the quarter sometime, but how far and how fast is the unknown. Going into the March quarter, we do have some headwinds. We mentioned this last year, we do have a [FICO] reset that has typically cost us somewhere between $8 million and $10 million versus December [Indiscernible] March quarter to December quarter and then that number drifts down lower throughout the year as people get over the [FICO] limit. So we are guessing that that will have a negative impact on comp expense in March. We also have a lot of our year-end mailings of 10-99s, our annual reports, et cetera, et cetera and that number was somewhere between all the printing and mailing cost for that was somewhere around $2 million and that will hit in the communication info processing line. We do anticipate about another $5 million to $10 million of integration cost from the acquisitions we've done and then we are hopeful that the numbers going forward will be so immaterial that we will stop using that line item after the March quarter. But that should be about the number to wrap up Alex Brown and 3Macs. And lastly, we mention the tail winds on the fee-based assets and those are disclosed as well. That the billings and the again in the March quarter going to January, we're somewhere around 4% higher than they were in October. So, that certainly a good starting point for the commissions and fees going forward into the March quarter. Those are my comments I want to point out. So, with that I'll turn it back to Paul.
Paul Reilly: Great, thanks Jeff. I'll make a just a little bit of kind of outlook on where we see the businesses for the quarter. First the private client group. We're continually driven by strong recruiting and a strong retention. We always focused on retention first, the fact that we're not selling coals to people like the firm and stay here as the most important fill in and that helps us recruiting or recruiting pipeline and results are continuing to be very strong as we've been kind of a destination for the people of this last couple of years. So, that combined with the record client assets starting the quarter that you have talked about and the rising short-term interest rates last quarter should be very positive. Jeff talked about our communication and technology lines will be there. We continue to invest in seaborne technologies and some things we don’t spend a lot of time talking about is our capabilities or advisors can do most of the things on their iPhones, through industry leading apps today. We'll announce early what we're doing on the client side. We had a plan three years ago, but everyone seems to be going robo, but we believe in electronic delivery to clients always been in our plans and we'll talk about how we're addressing that in this week. And I believe we have a very good solid technology platform going forward. And we continue to add solutions for on loans and other products and high network solution. So, we continue to invest in our private client group business and the outlook looks very strong. Capital markets are headwinds and tailwinds. Fixed income and public finance have done very well, well positioned. Preliminary look at public finance shows that certainly in the top, then maybe number eight for credit delay and underwritings last year. Doing very well. The problem and the challenge in that business is that is a business with inventory and rising interest rates, there is a buy up that inventory virtue. So, we can hedge part of it from the look we can. The quick turn and the credit quality and the movement of that inventory remains very important. It's easier and downward markets for trading profit than it is in upward markets but I believe they continue to do a good job. Equity underwriting came off of very slow quarter. So, it should be up this quarter. But there are some challenges both structurally in that market, is more competition and more book runners and syndicate members in terms of share of fees for that type of business. M&A backlog looks good but it's a lumpy business, so we can't tell you which quarter that will fall in. Tax credit business, we believe we're the largest underwriter of tax credit deals now. Our backlogs very good but certainly proposed tax law changes, certainly have an impact on the business that sells both really based on CRA credits to banks and effective after-tax shield after-tax credit. So, that is created from re-pricing and I think this flows since last quarter. We feel very good about that business but there is going to be, there might be a little bit of a interim challenge here as like the three price, but it looks good. Asset management are very strong. Recruiting and retention continue to give a strong asset flows and the market certainly has been in our favor. They're trying to then to move to more to fee-based accounts which has also has helped that business. So, the record assets under management is a big positive going into the quarter and I think our net recruiting should continue to help drive that business. RJ bank continues to do well, solid discipline loan growth. We had growth over seen in mortgage and or tax exempt lending. Certainly we're always cautious such a credit environment, it's been very constructive lately. But we've seen good in credit, good and bad credit cycles. We've been through it, so we stay very diligent on what we're adding to the portfolio and the management of the loan portfolio and again our focus is when we like the credits we will continue to grow and then the market moves away from us, we will slow it down. So, net I think our forward drivers, all up here positive with record AUA. Asset under administration record, assets under management record, net loans and the fed interest rate changes should all have positive momentum for the quarters. Certainly, despite statement mailings and 99's and all those first quarter expenses will come though which will be a drag. Although we weren’t planning on doing any walls, we were looking at building a building for expansion and we end up buying three buildings on our campus to expand our growing needs, which have a little bit of an impact but not huge. Last thing, I know people are going to ask about the Department of Labor. All indications are that the administration is moving to certainly suspend the role, delay it and maybe rewrite it. So, we have moved and continue to move to be in compliance should we have to be. I would say the indications today is that we will be delayed and if you ask me to guess more likely change, I do believe even though well intended that there are some issues that really impact clients and the building for clients to get advice. And we certainly welcome at least an improvement to the role and maybe a different approach to it. But we'll find out more as the administration continues to sign many orders of [AML] in the last week. So, with that I'll appreciate you joining the call and I'm going to turn it over to Kaela for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hi guys, good morning everyone.
Paul Reilly: Hi, Devin.
Jeff Julien: Hi, Devin.
Devin Ryan: So, you increased the securities portfolio in the bank, which was discussed last quarter but capital just continue to build throughout the quarter. How should we think about the trajectory of maybe continuing to do that in the bank and any other kind of thoughts around capital utilization and that would be helpful. Thanks.
Jeff Julien: Those are multiple fronts. We're continuing the overtime build the securities portfolio and that plan hasn’t changed. We continue to buy more securities. Again, more conservatives and kept the duration very short. So, we do go have a board offsite and in a month and in February and we will discuss capital deployment at that meeting whether it to be the bank and some of the opportunities and not so. We continue to look at potential acquisitions, I think we're very disciplined. We focused really in M&A space, so we did an acquisition in Europe for merger for an M&A business and have looked at other opportunities. And we've looked in asset management even though we know the markets challenged, we believe there are certain segments of the business that active management still valued and we continue to analyze those. So, we keep looking at capital deployments that offer the right opportunities.
Paul Reilly: Just to be clear, Devin, and growing the securities portfolio in the bank is not particularly capital intensive. The kind of securities we're buying are governments and agencies typically that are 20% risk where it didn’t rather acquire a whole lot of capital growing the loan portfolio more quickly, other things would be more capital intensive.
Devin Ryan: Yes, understood. Thanks, very much. And then within accountant service fees, you had some upside that you kind of spoke through. But when we look at Alex Brown and the 3Macs deal, are those being optimized yet in terms of how they run into account service fees, meaning al the customer cash balances that were brought on from those deals, are they already deployed in the kind of third party bank sweeps or is there any upside from third party mutual funds or manufactures just around, the on the bus fees or things like that. I was just trying to think about if there is a tailwind, maybe still account from those acquisitions in that line.
Jeff Julien: And the balances. The balances we deployed pretty quickly into the suite programs and other vehicles. So, that there -- so the assets are pretty much, that part of it's optimized at this point in time. So, I don’t think there's a lot to begin there, like the game going forward is going to be from rate changes and shreds, not from further deployment of the assets.
Paul Reilly: Look at those businesses to remind you because the amount of retention were all the advisors really coming over have retention on both of those deals that it's really not going to help TPG margins, it's going to challenge them in a short term. But from a firm standpoint, certainly the cash and very active lending business and very high network plans is going to have a positive impact on that side. So, Alex Brown is really settled in now and starting they're recruiting to fill up their offices. So, it's going to take some time as we set during the acquisitions that really make it accretive.
Jeff Julien: Yes. This type of conversion we did here when we mapped all the Wrap fee accounts mapped over to our asset management platform and the cash mapped over to suite progress. There wasn’t as all we're bringing in on advisor by advisor and they had a mega bunch of elections and then things moved after the fact. And this was all done pretty much on conversion day September.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then just a last quick one here. So, I appreciate the color on the legal reserved. I know that came kind of about for quarter-to-quarter, but there's always use your some levels you mentioned to me. How should we think about, I mean, how much it was incremental would you say relative to then what's normal to kind of think about from ROA perspective, given that there's always something in there?
Jeff Julien: Yes, that's we had -- a lot of it is driven by a particular issue. But that rise we said three main list, what we call above normal, that it doesn't mean there can't be other charges or other cases or issues that come from time-to-time. But that certainly, most of that incremental rise which itself what I call historical what we expect run rates. But there are challenges and that can bounce up and down.
Devin Ryan: Got it, okay. I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks a lot, guys.
Jeff Julien: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Steven Chubak: Hi, good morning. So, Jeff, I -- on the last call you had spoken of 17% margin benchmark or expectation with a benefit of the December rate hike. And clearly this quarter you fell a bit short in part because of the timing and the hike and also the elevated legal charge. I was wondering giving some of the tailwinds that you highlighted in your prepared remarks, where there 17% was still the appropriate jumping off point or benchmark we should be contemplating for the remainder of this year?
Jeff Julien: I don’t remember that say. I remember that we were at 16, I remember at the last half of last year was our -- or again.
Steven Chubak: Is it?
Jeff Julien: You're saying with this rate hike, we would be at 17?
Steven Chubak: Yes, that's exactly right. So, the guidance for '16 was out the rate hike. And then about a 100 basis point benefit when you saw the benefit of the rate hike in December which ultimately materialized.
Jeff Julien: Yes. But the rate hike at December barely hit the numbers in the quarter.
Steven Chubak: I'm thinking about the remainder of the year.
Jeff Julien: Yes. I mean, I don’t think that's an unreasonable goal. There are a lot of factors at play obviously and the market being the biggest one. But based on where everything is right now, again this quarter would have been significantly different without the elevated legal charges which is a pre-tax item. But we had some other things going in the other way as well with the bank loan loss provision and private equity gain. So, but it wouldn’t have been way off, so with this additional rate hike, it really adds $15 million to $20 million per quarter going forward. And if we get equity capital markets and that's quite a fund and others back to what we call more normalized margins and levels. Do I think that's attainable this year? Absolutely. Do I think I would take it to the bank? There are too many things that can happen to be that certain about it. But based on the dynamics of what we got in place, absolutely, that's a reasonable target.
Steven Chubak: All right. And maybe just focusing on the NII contribution again, Jeff you mentioned on the last call in terms of the all strong guidance, $30 million benefit for the full-year on a core rise basis, this should have added about a $7.5 million. On top of the significant sequential uptake that we saw in loans and securities. Now tell me if you could speak to some of the factor that may have dampened the pace of NII growth, since it only increased about $7 million this quarter. And maybe how we should be thinking about the jumping off point as some of those benefits show through in the March quarter.
Paul Reilly: Sorry, what increase we're having?
Jeff Julien: I think Steven, when you talk about the guidance for the Alex Brown contribution, you have to look at both the NII and the account service fees for the cash that left off the balance sheet to third party banks that going impact accountant service fees not interest income.
Steven Chubak: Okay so it is $30 million rate benefit which shows up in both, got it. Okay. Understood and just last one from me and might be a better question too for Steve but just given the duration profile and the securities look can you remind us what's the net yield take up that you are getting on the securities today given the steepening of the curve versus the what you are running on the cash rates?
Steve Raney: Yes it's Steven. It's about 100 basis points. It's obviously security specific some of that lower, some of that bit more but right now it's been 100 basis points. So that negatively impacts our imported net interest margin percentage but obviously increases our interest earnings.
Steven Chubak: Okay and how much excess capacity do you have at the bank in terms of the internal binding constraint that you think about whether it be liquidity or some of the capital ratio, it's actually support continue bankrupt. I know you Jeff actually mentioned it wasn't capital intensive but cheer want to leverage is also another constraint you have to manage to and I was hoping you could maybe quantify that access that’s available to support future growth plans?
Jeff Julien: $5 billion to $6 billion.
Steve Raney: Yes, it's a big number because of the risk ratings of those assets, we have higher capacity, but as of then we’ve agreed deal on, we are going to review at the board meeting but we are well short of $2 billion I think in our poll, but the capacity is probably $5 billion to $6 billion.
Steven Chubak: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Good morning Paul, good morning Jeff. So I guess firstly Paul congrats on the announcement that you will be taking as Chairman, as you think about taking over this role I am curious what it means for kind of how the firm is managed?
Paul Reilly: Well, I don't think there is a lot of difference. Tom sitting next to me and he is, can’t say we really thank. He is hard bound client focused and what we are doing is, founding board so I would actually think it's the genius move by Tom to give me more work but he still get around too what he did before. So it's been a team effort and I don't think that will change though Tom is spending little more time as we see him in staff but he is in the office every day. So the dynamics this has been a shift 09 from the day Tom has asked me to come in to slowly moving stuff over and I think we will see still it’s slow move and hopefully by five years from now you will be asking me the same question and it's just a more natural transition so it's all hands on deck and it's been a transition has been happening over a seven years and I think textbook one, so far this is what I think the succession planning does and I will have to go through at some point too and hopefully I can do it half as well as Steve has. So I don't see any dramatic change and certainly not strategy or anything else.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Got it. And then just on Alex Brown maybe progress update on how the integration is going and then more specifically how far long just getting to what that 10% margin target?
Paul Reilly: Yes, so Alex Brown we are not really projecting 10% margin target for a while and it's really due to a number of factors first and it's something we have talked about whether we should publish acquisition retention and give you guys more insight. We have every one of those advisers on the retention package so without that good margins, with that you really stop the margin. So it's going to be a long process over a number of years for that part of the business to hit those targets. Certainly there are some bigger swings and parts of that business on when transactional volumes come out because of the semi-institutional ultra-high network the family office type of business that has impact when that type of business is up and we got to recruit, sell the branches we had to move out of every location or slip locations and we added room for recruiting and we are just recruiting takes a while we are going to get people through the pipeline. So you shouldn't look at the business in the short term having the margins, we looked at the long term strategic investment and we want to be profitable we don't want to do things, we don't think we are going to make money on though, we have got a lot of work to do still to get it there.
Jeff Julien: We have talked before that it's not going to be accretive to the PCG segment but you got to understand that they brought significant assets into the asset management segment. They have also introduced loans of all types through our bank so they are radiating throughout the rest of the organization even if those results aren't measured specifically in the private client group. The only thing that's really left of magnitude is one or more two real estate moves that they have to accomplish that they’re going to have in a period of time post close to vacate certain premises currently under Deutsche Bank under leased. So net-net, I think we are little better certainly retention where we thought we would be. Revenue would nay be little more challenge given last year just because of the markets and syndicates and everything else. But I think we are probably ahead on the people side and everything combing along. It's just these integration take a few years to really get out and running and Morgan Keegan was no difference and it's been accreted and we have got work to do on Alex Brown, great group of people. I think they are settling in well and we just need to keep working at it.
Christian Bolu: Great. Thanks for the color. And then just a follow-up from question that has been asked a number of times on the potential for you to grow the AFS book of the bank. I just can you just help us with how to think about how much excess capital you have? I guess that the total firm level should we think about tier one leverage or risk based capital constraint and then maybe any sort of numbers in terms of the minimum ratios you would want to run the format?
Jeff Julien: This is the debate that I think a lot of people our view of excess capital is different in most. This is broker dealer space versus financial. There is a lot more of liquidity, risk and demands and so we tend to keep extra liquidity and it's looks dump until you hit 09 or period then you look smarter than you are which is just conservative base. The banks certainly has leverage in the securities portfolio of the leverage capital just because the capital charge is low, both regulator like the liquidity and the security portfolio because they believe it's a secured type of environment because the agencies government oriented short term are less concerned about that investment than we would be if they were longer term or more risky securities. So yet, we have room yes in our capital base but it's not as extreme as I think other people think.
Paul Reilly: I think from a regulatory perspective the tier one leverage ratio would be the one that trips first, but we have got internal constrains so we have talked about before that would trip even earlier that percentage from capital that we have want to have allocated to the banking segment as well as the percentage of client cash deposits that we want in our own institution. So those would actually trip even before the regulatory ratios would trip.
Christian Bolu: And maybe just quick can you remind us you said the cash internal target, can you just remind what that is and for the bank and you talked about sort of capital being at the bank but as you move in towards things like securities which have very low risk rating does that is there a potential for that constraint to changing anyway?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think there is the chance there but we’re discussing with our board meeting about allocations. So, yes.
Jeff Julien: We have got a little over $40 billion in the bank this week program and we don't want more than half of that going through our own bank and our banks currently a little under $15 billion. So we have got $5 billion run way in that constraint.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Perfect. Well it seems like a very important board meeting ahead.
Paul Reilly: Well, they are all good and challenging. I don't see drastic changes but I think the discussions and the challenges are all good and again if you this is the balance certainly lot of things we could do to raise earnings very quickly in the short term I am not sure it's good for shareholders in the long term. So we keep that balance of making sure that now we have looked at acquisitions and other things that would make the number look very good short term but we asked ourselves long term is that a good returns for shareholders and we are reminded all time it's not our money and we are investing other people's money. Some of it is because we are shareholders but we try to keep that balance, the boards challenging us and I mainly look for to our offsite it's a lot of work and a lot of challenging but it's very good discussion.
Christian Bolu: Great. Thank you so much for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of Conor Fitzgerald with Goldman Sachs.
Conor Fitzgerald: Good morning. Maybe a two part question on corporate tax reform. First just one thing, you said to be little corporate tax rates should we think about that having a one for one flow through onto your tax rate and then two, if we do get corporate tax reform how should we think about that in competition in your industry some management teams have indicated things of vast majority of the benefit would be away but curious for your thoughts on if you think being increased competition in your business and benefit of tax rates could be considered away?
Paul Reilly: I know a lot of people said that they think that the lower tax rate will pass it through the loans spreads, I don't know if that's the case. We are certainly more diversified than that. 10% drop in the tax rates what $90 million somewhere there. And if you did some math somewhere in that range so I don't know we get arbitrated away or not. I certainly, our portfolio is a piece of our business, big numbers but it's certainly diversified across the businesses and a lot of people focus on the rate but how you define that income taxable incomes are important too and what deductions are there or not there so there is a lot first they got to get through Congress, and secondly we don't know what it is but we focus on the headline rate. So…
Jeff Julien: Impact on some of our businesses. Tax credited funds or tax exempt landing at the bank has been municipal bond trading that – all those businesses will be impacted.
Paul Reilly: Certainly yes. And then, you got the onetime net charge for the deferred tax assets too. So there is pretty complicated topic until it's hard for us overtime. So honestly we look at that but we spend most of our time making sure we are running our core businesses well and the things that we don't have in control we left about although we do look at what the impact would be.
Paul Reilly: As we sit here today and favor to lower rates effective immediately by 10 percentage points from 35 to 25 our deferred tax asset revaluation were offset most of our first year benefit from the lower range than we obviously benefit pretty much on a straight pass through basis going forward depending on the impact on our businesses.
Conor Fitzgerald: That's helpful color. Thank you and then on the 15 to 18 million of growth from the Fed hike are you still assuming the same deposit bid in that 40% to 50% range or have you changed your assumption there?
Jeff Julien: We have changed it to a little low lever declines payout than our ultimate our original target of the 60:40 split and we are basing pretty much what we are seeing in the competition. Our strategy there is to stay at the kind of the top of the group and we are there already. No one else has moved since the Fed rate maybe one other party had moved but the rest have straight ones and twos all the way down in terms of basis points what they are paying to clients and all level. These are advertised rates. We moved twice from the old rates move and the first rate move and once now from this one we are – our lowest rate is comparable to government money market fund rates and if they are higher cash balances or higher client relationships balances I should say we have been our system the rate scale up from there so at some point I think it's at the very front loaded game which is now how we thought was going to be. And so we are recovering our most of our spread before we start passing through the clients at this point of time and candidly that maybe the new model firms may end up keeping more of the interest spread to help pay for regulatory compliance legal these other cost IT better out there. It may just be a new dynamic in the model from what in place prior to the economic crisis back in 08 and 09 I mean that was bit, we maybe in a little bit different environment but so to answer your question, is yes we are changing that and we are expecting to keep a little bit more of the spread than we had originally intended.
Paul Reilly: Although it hasn't changed our long term philosophic view of sharing with clients. So I think the question overtime is how do you get there what happens to money market funds given all the things that have happened to money market funds what happens to rate. But as the future regulations and sometimes regulation comes, money market funds maybe more competitive in rates go up so there is a lot of dynamics there and impacted but we ultimately believe we have responsibility to share with clients but we want to be also competitive in the rise and be deliberate in our rate. So I think we are through a transition period right now for this year.
Conor Fitzgerald: That's helpful and just a quick follow-up on that if your deposit rates are materially higher than peers do you think your competitive advantage?
Paul Reilly: It's hard to say I mean we are talking about basis points here. It's not, we are not talking about huge dollars on a per account basis. So I don't think it gives us a huge competitive advantage in the recruiting world. It certainly puts the economic disadvantage so I don't think it's – it's not something that recruiter live with let’s put it that way.
Jeff Julien: Yes. But I would say tangible part is our advisers and our retention is viewed on a environment of being straight to them and our client so I agree we don't say we are paying too more basis points to your medium accounts. It brings people over but I do think the additive of pureness and equity to advisers and clients is the big reason people stay here and that is – it isn't just that it's the piece of it and that story is a piece of it. So we try to be very balanced and we are not way ahead of market but we are ahead for that reason.
Conor Fitzgerald: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Harris: Thanks. Hi guys.
Paul Reilly: Hi Chris.
Chris Harris: Are you guys seeing a much of a behavioral change among your private client customers following the election and really just trying to wonder whether we could see some better activity rates, better sales cycle, there is nice uptake in confidence here.
Paul Reilly: It might be too early to say I would say. People are optimistic and scared at the same time so the only thing we could see is the little bit more movement of fee based accounts so I guess I can't tell you. Certainly it's been a better equity flows if you look at mutual funds it's not just us. It's certainly some field actions only the positive versus more positive versus the previous trends but I think it's still early days and I would say only a very slight risk but it's not a significant shift.
Chris Harris: Got it. Okay and then in capital markets, you sound like you guys are little positive about the pipeline but to speak to commercial customers are you getting the sense that activity levels could potentially be delayed somewhat if you got companies wanting to wait to see what sort of changes will occur with tax and regulatory reform but it was really the election kind of the big unknowable and now that that's behind us potentially we should see activity pickup depending on obviously what the market do.
Paul Reilly: The M&A activity a big impact it seems like it's still going well. I think the biggest challenge if you look at structural challenges the market is just the rise of private equity and companies thinking regulatory burden too much to go public and the private equity versus IPO market when you look at the close to 12 year, lower or something and IPOs has been impacted by that when you get companies as big as Snapchat, Facebook. They get evaluations where they go public it's just the private equity as they lower cost less feasible alternatives and so I think that's impacted kind of the IPO and what the other thing is it's impacted secondary’s as the balance sheet and bought deals. So it makes it much more difficult to compete so I think the sheer of the market is gone down because of that we are bullish I think we are saying off December number we think there is the positive trends as we have already been book runner in the couple of IPOs and we see something in the pipeline but I don't know how real buzz that business is what the impacts going to be. I do think that regulatory change if and when it's coming if it favors capital formation, if it takes regulation off of IPOs and stuff may help that market but that's – that remains to be same. I think that part of the reform hasn't come up after tax rate, law and all sorts of other stuff has seen to be in front of that. But that's the special…
Chris Harris: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ann Dai with KBW.
Ann Dai: Hi, good morning. I was hoping to get a little deeper on the D well and just kind of looking behind the scenes on some of the changes there happening as you work towards, can you outline some of the more meaningful changes that you have made lately product structure commission structure or really any pricing in anticipation of the rule?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I am not really in liberty to talk about really kind of those changes. We have highlighted some potential ones to advisers but frankly we are waiting really on the rule if it's coming or not before we pull the trigger on them, and I believe that there are something in the rule but and looking at the rules we said we could do this better where this makes sense or other parts that we think is just a burden to clients and we take advice and frankly waiting. So it's just as we have been slow to announce our changes not because we didn't want to tell people what we were doing but we certainly didn't want clients and our advisers to go through the pain of doing things to undo it. We are lucky maybe but so far we have been right and we are still not ready to kind of push that out with advisers till we know and I think there is more and this is going to be delayed so we are waiting to see first of if there is a delay although we are -- to go if there is and second if there is delay and changes are made we certainly don't want advisers to make changes they didn't have to make or to go back and undo them with clients. So we are in a analysis mode which we have been in for a long time.
Ann Dai: Okay. Thanks for the color. The other thing which is on loan growth you continue to grow -- during the quarter and I think it was maybe the last earnings call when you had given some guidance around expecting that growth to moderate over the next couple of years or maybe just not continue it kind of the case it happened so was there any impact from Alex Brown this quarter on loans and if you could just give us an update on your thoughts around the next year or so, year or two and if that guidance has changed?
Paul Reilly: I would say that we are looking out – we would still think kind of low double digits intended 12% would be kind of good annualized run rate. Our product suite is just changed ever since slightly. We are doing some larger mortgage loans to ultra-high network clients not only in the Alex Brown channel but in general we have been recruiting more productive advisers that are dealing with larger families or more families so that product has changed just ever since slightly. So the loan growth of the last quarter was around 4% once again it's little bit opportunistic the corporate loan market in particular is the most volatile part of the business. We have seen periods when and right now as a matter of fact since the election the corporate market has gotten extremely aggressive. We have seen some pricing, the secondary markets have looped up probably 100 basis points in price so we have taken other periods, pull back to be more aggressive when we think rates and the risk relative is and the rates are more attractive but in general I think 10% to 12% is a good number going forward.
Ann Dai: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Hey good morning guys. Maybe quick follow up on can you just give us the total number of client cash balances at this point appreciate any material change?
Jeff Julien: Yes, Grant told us about $46 billion but there is fair amount of that $5 billion or $6 billion in various types of stage specific money market funds and things like that and then about $40 billion in the banks suite.
James Mitchell: Okay. And the deposit in the bank what do you?
Paul Reilly: Deposits in the bank right now are about $15 billion from the banks suite program and they have to continue to draw on those balances as to support the growth of the loan and/or securities portfolio.
James Mitchell: Okay. So that's embedded in the 40?
Paul Reilly: Yes, correct. Part of the 40, correct.
James Mitchell: So should you still think we should think about every basis points around $ $4 million at the short end?
Jeff Julien: $4 million per year. Yes. About a million per quarter.
James Mitchell: And that was always guidance around the short end this is the steepening yield curve give you any additional upside and then high in the bank securities look or?
Paul Reilly: Possibly may not I wouldn't say materially from that I would vary it materially from the previous guidance based on that.
James Mitchell: Okay. Maybe just a broader picture it seems like you guys if I try to take a step and market impact you very strong growth in fee-based assets can you kind of I guess, a discuss what’s the geography there, how much is maybe just transitioning from brokers accounts to fee based versus net growth from current customers new customers and how you think about the recruiting dynamic in those flows going forward.
Jeff Julien: I think part of it is recruiting certainly large, our recruiting has gotten larger I would say, we tend to have more fee-based and their platforms so that impacts. The other thing and mainly the part of this is DOL we had a lot of other more accounts for advisers as we looked at the rules just said they were getting out of commission accounts because as we look at the deck and everything else just they [indiscernible] demand manage in our fee-based platform. We did open up a smaller account kind of solution fee-based to help advisers and there has been a lot of that movement there too. So it's just and it's kind of across the board.
Paul Reilly: Geography and the financial there is a shift from a commission based account to fee-based account is that the most of the revenues stayed in the same line item than the commission and fee line item to the advisers. There is a small piece when it goes to a rap fee account it goes to the asset management segment for the administration of the account. In terms of the overall magnitude it just depends on what the account was generating on a commission basis versus what the fee is that's assigned to that account but geographically not a big change in the statement but since you brought that up we will point out that we did also set a record high for recurring revenues this quarter at 68.75% so closing in 70% of our revenues that we could call recurring fee type revenues.
James Mitchell: Right. And as we look at the recruiting pipeline you mentioned it's still very strong. I mean how long do you think there is going, I think you have been growing at headcount for close to 5% plus or less year or two do you think you still have that kind of momentum?
Jeff Julien: There seems to be it's hard to recruit at those levels and certainly there has been supplemented by not huge acquisitions but meaningful both of Alex Brown and 3Max joining us but recruiting pipeline looks very good. And there seems to be a changing landscape year or two or one or two firms or people are now happy with the circumstances there whether strategy or movements or grader pushing out small accounts or something we have got a large flow in it and it is continuing right now so we think it happens for ever no, maybe there is cycles but it still looks very good for this year.
Paul Reilly: I would say that net growth of 350 headcount without acquisitions just mean, brick by brick recruiting and training programs. I think would be a little bit of stretch for us but that's a lot of bodies to recruit but it's certainly doable.
James Mitchell: Okay. Thanks for all your help. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Miller with Macquarie.
Hugh Miller: I just wanted to follow-up on the prior conversation on the recruiting side of things. I was wondering if you could just give us little bit color on just level right now of competition with the front line things like that and if we get into environment where we get more relaxed regulatory climate would you anticipate uptake in that competition or would you think maybe some of the larger peers would divert capital to other business lines and you can we wouldn't see that type of scenario?
Paul Reilly: I can't say what other people would do. I can tell you what the market dynamic has been ironically we have all historically specifically versus larger firms offered less front money transition of system. It's with the DOL proposed rules most of the major firms drop their back end bonus which was the significant delta between ours and theirs and we haven't changed ours so in a way we have become more competitive we have always based ours on what we thought was the fair reasonable returns to the firm and fair to the adviser so we have been very competitive. There is some indications they maybe raising there a little more. But I think it's below as it was year ago but this is the highly competitive market. It has been a highly competitive market. It continues to be. So right now I think the dynamics are still positive and are in favor based on technology kind of the culture we have created here and so we still have a lot of demand I don't know how that changes. Last year we certainly you could make more money going to other firm up front that was certainly the highest but we did pretty well and it's a positive we lose some people that we would like to get but net people come for the right reasons when they are not coming just for the check they are going for the environment I think it's a positive to the people we are trying to recruit.
Hugh Miller: Certainly fair. That's very helpful. And then one other question just in terms of obviously we are very focused on the potential for changes and with DOL as you look at on things are there other regulatory changes that could be meaningful for you business if there were some changes on the horizon I don't anticipate longer would be much of difference for you guys but are there any other things that we should be keeping eye on in terms of the any type of enhancements?
Paul Reilly: Yes I think that certainly all regulations and even has an impact and first we should be regulated. I mean we are regulatory industry that has other people's money and regulation it's not negative I think the amount and type is important. We get a lot of discussions about regulatory enforcement where there is not rule there is interpretation of rules so I think any time there is clarity, it makes it better for everybody and some of that reforms would be helpful. It does have some positive impacts and certainly changes the private equity and investments all sort of things not as big as us as other people so the regulatory cost is continued to go up for everyone if that moderates that would be a positive but regulation alone in and go away. We do believe that maybe there are areas that should be modified and DOL again but I believe well intended business and advise and that's one example and there some other areas too.
Hugh Miller: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time there are no further questions.
Paul Reilly: Great. I appreciate everyone joining the call today and hope we could give you little more clarity than we maybe did in the release on some of the numbers and we are very positive and on the future and where we stand today and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-10-27 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016. My name is Raquel and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website. Now I will turn the call over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Raquel and good morning. And I thank all of you for joining the call. As always, we appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, financial results, market conditions, acquisitions, our ability to successful recruit and integrate financial advisors, anticipate results of litigation and regulatory developments, or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, plans, and future or other conditional verbs, such as will, may, could and would, as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Please note that forward-looking statements are subject to risks and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those forward-looking statements. We urge you to consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q which are available on our website. During today's call we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view on ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should be read in conjunction with and not as a replacement for the corresponding GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. So with that, I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Good morning, Paul, thank you. Kind of a very interesting year if you'd asked me in the first or second quarter if we were going to finish on record. So I would have said, with that assets down at the start of the year in a tough market, oil prices plunging, the underwriting markets is almost freezing up, I would have been very surprised. So needless to say, we're very pleased about the record quarter and record fiscal year. We kind of achieved this remarkably in a very unremarkable fashion with just a relentless following up of a long-term implementation strategy. Tom celebrated his 50th year at Raymond James and he constantly reminds us that our mission is to focus on the well-being of our clients, and assist advisors in helping clients achieve their financial objectives, and to make all our decisions for the long-term. And if you look at this year there is nothing in particularly that stood out, except all divisions had record revenue. This year as our record revenue and profits were achieved while we underwent robust recruiting. The integration of three groups that joined our family; the Duestche Bank U.S. Private Client Service Unit that we've rebranded Alex Brown, a division of Raymond James and added capability in the Northeastern expansion of our ultra-high network capabilities. 3Macs; the firm actually older than the country of Canada, has well joined us after almost a 200-year partnership, great divisors and giving us some multi-language capabilities, back office capability in Canada. The company is expanding our M&A capability in Europe will Mel [ph] numbered his group. The implementation of masses of world-class AML system in very short order in our platform. New client and advisor technology including advisors have been able to do all their work on their iPhone or iPads, so unique technology. So this year was achieved really by our associates. They accomplished all this, we don't talk much about the Austin, Texas people but we ought to thank them. Through all of this, not only did they achieve the above but they kept the outstanding service levels to our clients and advisors that drive our retention and satisfaction. So they really deserve the credit for this year. First, I want to cover our fiscal year-end highlights. I'm going to turn over to Jeff and he is going to cover the Q -- the quarter, and certain line items. Then I'll kind of discuss the segment year, how we did in the segments in our kind of outlook in some of the segments. So with that we achieved record annual net revenue of $5.4 billion, up 4% over last year's record. And that was driven by annual net revenue in all four records, in all four of our core operating segments. Record annual net income of $529.54 million or $3.65 per diluted share. Again, this was driven by record profit in our capital market segment and RJ Bank, and still the second best year of pre-tax profits for both, the private client group and asset management group combined they in this record by a less than $5 million. So it really was a good year for everyone. The record diluted EPS of $3.65 for the year represents a 6% growth over fiscal 2015. On adjusted basis, and that if you take out the $41 million of acquisition-related expenses, our non-GAAP net income of $556.3 million or $3.84 per diluted shares. That represents a 12% growth over the fiscal 2015 diluted EPS. We also ended the year with several new records and key operating metrics which should bode well for revenue going forward. Helped by the aforementioned acquisitions, we hit some of these records but I also wanted you to note that even without the acquisitions, our organic growth alone would have achieved records in most of these segments that drive our forward revenue. Record client assets under administration of $604.4 billion, a 26% year-over-year increase; again augmented by the $50 billion roughly of client assets brought over from Alex Brown and 3Macs. However, even if you excluded those additional assets, our client assets under administration would have grown roughly 15% on a year-over-year basis which reflects our solid organic growth. We had a record number of private client group financial advisors, 7,146; a net increase of 550 over the last year, which was augmented by approximately 265 advisors added through the acquisitions we talked about. We are proud of this result because we've retained approximately 90% of the Alex Brown team, and nearly 100% of the 3Macs advisors. So during the year on an organic basis, even if you excluded those, we added 285 advisors during the year. That combined with our low regrettable attrition which remained below 1% in all of our divisions drove advisor growth. Record financial assets under management of $77 billion, up 18% over the last year lifted by our asset management group which exclusively serves clients in our private client group. Record net loans of Raymond James Bank of $15.2 billion which is up 17% over September 2015. More importantly, a lot of that growth this year was slanted in categories of strength in our client relationships and our PCG in capital market segments such as securities based loans, residential mortgages, commercial real estate loans, and tax exempt loans. So with those highlights, I'll now turn it over to Jeff to talk about the record quarter, and even though it was almost half driven by tax benefits or a lot of -- the other half was driven by solid operating trends. So Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. As Paul mentioned we had a record revenue quarter, $1.46 billion, up 9% compared to last year's fourth quarter of 7% compared to the preceding quarter. That -- this revenue growth was really across the board, all four of our core operating segments had record quarterly revenues and in the September quarter. Furthermore, three of our four segments, private client group, capital markets and the bank all generated record quarterly pre-tax profits. So a very strong quarter. Net income was $171.7 million, 19 per diluted share. That represents the 35%% growth over last year's fourth quarter and 37% over the preceding quarter. And then on a non-GAAP basis, kind of a headline number I guess that people are talking about. The adjusted net income of $185 million was $1.28 per diluted share which is a 38% increase over the preceding quarter. So obviously the $1.28 far exceeded everybody's expectations including our own. So let me touch on some of the major variances from the consensus model that really drove that feat [ph]. On the revenue side, the biggest line item that really varies from everyone's expectations was the strength of the investment banking revenues and that was really a combination of several businesses we had. We seem to have a tradition of having strong Septembers in lot of these businesses and this year was no exception. M&A, equity underwritings, both picked up and our tax credit fund business which is also in that line item had a phenomenal quarter, a lot of syndications closing in the quarter. So while we -- most of all still under that -- maybe not commissions on the institutional equity side but the other cylinders were all firing pretty well. So we're -- we have a good pipeline in most of the businesses but I'd be surprised if we stay at that level in the equity capital market side, all year next year but that one's a hard one to predict as you all know. Interestingly, almost all of the other revenue items were ahead of the consensus numbers but all by mid-single digit type percentages, so nothing really -- nothing else really blew the cover off the ball on the revenue side of an investment banking. So while we're on the revenue side let me talk about a couple of the other line items and give you a kind of a little help in terms of what we see going forward here. On our biggest line item, the commission and fees line, you can see in the release fee-based assets, our assets in fee-based accounts ended the quarter at $231 billion, 12% up from the preceding quarter. A lot of that was -- we've got about $11 billion to $12 billion or $11 billion-ish of fee based assets from the acquisitions that we made, so that obviously helped that increase. That certainly is going to provide a good tailwind for the security and commissions and fees going forward. But all those are aren't going to manifest themselves in a percentage increase in fees but we think that the bill -- the billings in the October versus the preceding quarter were up about -- between 9% and 10%. So a good start on that line item for the quarter going forward. Similarly the increase in assets under management of 7% sequentially provide a help for the investment advisory fees as well. Let me touch on net interest for a moment; in the release you can see the increase in secured client lending ended the quarter at $4.3 billion, about $800 million higher than the preceding quarter, about $75 million of that was organic growth and the rest was really all attributable to the increase in margin loans that came as part of the Alex Brown transaction. So those -- that will obviously help interest earnings going forward. Net interest was $140 million for the quarter which is 3% above the preceding quarter despite the additional interest expense during the quarter from our bond issue in July. So I mean -- most of that was driven by the strength of the bank and its growth. Going forward, we're -- it looks like net interest will pick up about $30 million of net interest such as the -- no rate change, it will pick up about $30 million of net interest next year from the Alex Brown related cash, to customer cash balances and margin balances. And then we'll obviously expect to have some continued bank growth with the NIM somewhere in the current range, and we're guessing somewhere between 10% and 15% growth in the bank. So all those things will lead us to some nice continued growth in the net interest income line item. If we're fortunate enough to get a rate increase which is being rumored more and more strongly all the time; any rate increase we're projecting would add somewhere between $12 million and $15 million pre-tax per quarter for us. Of course that's dependent upon how much gets passed through to clients but just so you can do sensitivity, we're assuming that that somewhere between 40% and 50% of it gets passed through to clients but you can -- for sensitivity purposes, every basis point means about $4 million. So if that assumption is wrong, that's the sensitivity of that. Now let me turn to the expense side; the comp ratio for the quarter was a very nice 65.9%, much lower than it has been recently and lower than expectations has largely to do with revenue mix there in the quarter. The comp ratio for the overall year was 67.1% which I think was nicely below our target of 68% and I think that we would be happy to repeat that in fiscal '17. So we're not necessarily going to lower our compensation target of 68% but maybe we have some soft expectations that we do better if we can continue to grow revenues but there are other things that are coming into play next year as Paul talked about that could impact that line item as well. But most of the reason the comp was up for the quarter obviously relates to the increases in the related revenues. The communication information processing was a little bit below our $70 million for quarter guidance but it did finish the year almost directly on at $280 million for the year. Going forward, I think our -- I would tell you that our guidance on this would be something like 10% higher, somewhere in the $7 million to $80 million range per quarter and the biggest driver of that is the systems work that is already underway related to the DOL rule; and the work we're having to do to comply with that which becomes effective in the middle of fiscal '17 for us. So that's the biggest driver, there are other projects of course as well. So that's just -- where we are we think it will be somewhere 10% higher going into next year. I mentioned the occupancy expenses just briefly, even though that wasn't way off of expectations, obviously we're going to have -- we have 16 more branches with the Alex Brown acquisition. So we'll have some increased occupancy related to that and we're also at the point where we are going to be considering some home office expansion space which may well start hitting in '17 as well, hard to quantify that one but I would expect it -- that may have some modest impact. Most of the other expenses were closed, I'll talk about the bank loan loss provision; it was only one -- only -- I'd say only $1.2 million for the quarter which was much lower than expectations. I mean that loan growth was just over $400 million but the growth for the year and for the quarter is -- has become more balanced between the commercial loans and the rest -- we'll call it retail loans, the residential and securities-based loans which carry lower provisions with them. So we have to kind of look at about the mix of loans but coupled with that -- where we had some downgrades during the quarter, you can see the increase in criticized loans on the last page of the press release -- but we also had some very nice pay-downs and pay-offs, particularly the more harshly criticized energy space which freed up some reserves of energy credits; the portfolio of energy credits definitely improved over the course of the of the year, and those more than offset the downgrade. So as the net results -- the provision was a little low even though the overall reserve remains pretty close to the 130 basis points level. And other expenses; last quarter really we told you they were little bit elevated because of some legal and regulatory expenses or dejavu [ph]. I would say that this quarter again there -- we're seeing elevated legal expenses of provisions I should say, then Paul will talk maybe a little bit more about that later on but that that -- I don't know -- but I can tell you this maybe sort of the new normal for now with the regulatory environment that we're in. So just accordingly, I suppose. Acquisitions expenses were about $19.4 million for the quarter and $40.7 million for the year. Most of those related to Alex Brown, some relate to the 3Macs acquisition as well and going forward we're looking at somewhere between $12 million and $15 million of additional expenses to hit that line item over the next two quarters. We expect to stop using that line item at the end of the March quarter. So we expect most of those incremental cost to be complete by that time. As we talked about in the press release, 'the biggest variance in the quarter and -- which all of you noted in your early comments was that it's abnormally low effective tax rate of 27.4% for the quarter'. The three biggest factors which we also mentioned in the release related to the tax benefits associated with the planned divestitures of our Latin American businesses, they are all under contract at this point or most are under contract at this point. We have been providing for taxes on repatriation of earnings from those entities but that obviously will not be happening now, so we had to reverse that tax associated with that. We had a very good quarter on the firm's corporate on life insurance portfolio which is closing in on $300 million in terms of size and even though the S&P might have up 3% or so during the quarter, it's more diversified than that and it's been a lot of long midcaps and stuffs from international and other things that -- that portfolio had a little over a 4% return for the quarter, so that was a big non-taxable gain for us in the quarter. That one set us in prior years and prior quarters as well and -- but I just wanted to give you a feel for the rough size of it. So that will continue to impact us in both directions going forward but long-term it's been -- certainly been beneficial to us. The third item we mentioned was a favorable resolution of some state tax issues which was -- we're able to resolve favorably and release some of the reserves we had related to those items. So all those things led us to what I would call an abnormally low rate and I would tell you that going forward I guess that would steer you sort of towards a 36% type effective rate going forward, it's a little lower than we've guided in the past, we have an increasing number of -- increasing amount of tax exempt interest income as the bank builds its portfolio of tax exempt loans to municipalities. That's becoming a bigger factor in the bank, also for CRA purposes as investing in certain tax credit funds, and that's starting to give us bigger tax credits as well. So just for my link purposes, I guess they've used the 36-ish. So we -- all that -- when we're just all that down we generated a pre-tax margin of 17.5% on non-GAAP basis, well over our 16% target. I gave us 15.6% for the year which is good relative to where we started the year certainly but it -- it's just below our recently adopted 16% target that we have kind of on our pre-tax margin basis going forward. And my guess is right now we would be -- will probably leave that target intact as we do pretty comfortable in that 16% target for all of fiscal '17. Just a couple other points and I'll turn it back to Paul. One is the weighted average shares, you can see that's having an impact on EPS, it's lower this year's fourth quarter than last year's, given the share buyback that we did in the January/February timeframe where we purchased about 3.2 million shares for $145 million. One of the things that kind of jumped off the page to me was our total assets for the quarter increased $2.8 billion in one quarter and we really want to get to the bottom of that and the biggest factors of course were our $800 million bond issue, $700 million of growth in the bank between the security loan portfolio and the securities portfolio which I'll talk about in the second. And the rest really was the client cash balances and margin loans brought onto our balance sheet from the Alex Brown and 3Macs transactions so we don't expect that rate of growth for the overall balance sheet on a quarterly basis going forward; this was of an abnormally big jump. Because of that increase in assets and some of higher risk-weighted -- risk weighting assigned to some of those assets such as advances to FAs, intangibles and things that came with the Alex Brown transaction, we had a slight decrease of about 80 basis points in our total capital ratio. So we're still well over comfort level, we're at 21.5%. So we're not concerned about it but that's just again is something that has -- pointed out that's the reason there is balance sheet growth during the quarter even though capital increased. I mentioned the securities portfolio previously at the bank, it increased about $300 million during the quarter, we have decided to modestly increase the securities portfolio; agency mortgage-backed securities primarily, a short duration under three years. The deal is somewhere between 1.5% and 1.6%, we just think that's the prudent way to invest some of our excess cash balances and capital at the bank while we maintain the liquidity there. So we're not taking any credit risk but we're taking some modest duration risk and that will have the effect of increasing the bank's earnings increasing their ROE because this doesn't take a lot of capital to do as we're buying high quality paper. But it will impact in NIM somewhat negatively going forward. So it will offset some of the loan growth -- the NIM creation from loan growth. And I've talked about the interest rate sensitivity; I don't know if anyone is building that into models but if that happens it's about like I said $4 million for every basis points of additional spread that we keep for the next hike. So with that I will turn it back over the Paul to talk a little bit more about the year-end and some macro trends going forward.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. I know there is a lot to go over on the annual call but I'll try to get through this is quickly as possible. Private Client Group segment, let me start there; record annual net revenue of $3.62 billion which is 3% over fiscal 2015. And note, it's the second best pre-tax profit of $340.6 million, down just $2 million for last year's record. Driven by really advisor recruiting, it was record independent advisor recruiting; and the employee group, probably the second best year. So very strong organic growth, it's not just the acquisitions. We also in the Private Client Group, the segment was helped by higher assets and fee-based accounts during the year, as well as higher fees earned on cash balances in the Raymond James Bank deposit program following the increased rates of last December. However, revenues were negatively impacted by declines in transactional revenues, especially new issue credits, really attributable to the market slowdown in underwritings. And retail equity commissions was a result of lower client engagement, religious training through the year. And we think we'll see a continuation in the fee-based accounts which will be pushed by the DOL [ph], sure it will. The revenue growth of 3% was lower than our asset growth during that transition year and we should note -- we also had elevated regulatory expenses in the Private Client Group segment for the year which Jeff talked about, continued into the fourth quarter. And capital markets generated record annual net revenues of -- I don't know why it can't stay a $1 billion but 99 -- $999.9 million for pre-tax over 20015 and record annual pre-tax income of $139.2 million, up really 30% over 2015; driven really by record revenues in our fixed income division and record revenues through agreements in tax credit. Our fixed income division had a fantastic year, institutional fixed income commission is up 11% and varies all in net trading profits. Our net trading profits which include other divisions was actually up 57% this year to $92 million. Now I also want to note that we didn't have the same phenomenon that the big banks with this explosive fourth quarter, it's been very, very steady through the year; we are variation fee driven business and those profits are like little pieces traded at time. So it's been very steady, very different than what other people have reported. Offsetting some of the strength in fixed income and tax credits plus the equity capital markets division -- as equity revenues were down 27% -- underwriting revenues were down 27% from last year; actually little better than the overall market. And institutional equity commissions were down 8%, so it's been a tough year I think for everyone in underwritings. M&A fortunately had a strong fourth quarter resulting in M&A revenues only being down 8% from last year's record. Additionally, we're happy to welcome [indiscernible] company to Raymond James family expanding our cross border M&A activity. Asset management segment generated record annual net revenues of $404.3 million, up 3% over last year and at a second best pre-tax profit of $132.2 million, down 2% from last year's record. As I mentioned earlier, financial assets under management and it is $77 billion which is up 18% over the last year. So again, very good results. The asset management division has continued to benefit from the growth in the Private Client Group segment, as well as increased utilization of our fee-based accounts. In fact at the end of September, fee-based assets and PCG totaled $231 billion, up 29% over 2015 and represents about 40% of our total client assets in PCG. Eagle was challenged by an institutional net outflows during the year which I think is consistent with the macro-trends. We're still believers in active management which seems to be out of favor right now but have continued to focus on augmenting both, our portfolio management sales team and Eagle. The bank records annual net revenues of $494 million, 19% over last year, recorded annual pre-tax income of $337.3 million, 21% over fiscal 2015. The record results for the bank were typically strong on loan growth, net loans ended at -- up 17% at $15.2 billion. And the bank's net interest margin for the year was relatively stable at 3.04% compared to 3.07% for the previous year. With short interim rates increasing in December '15, you may have expected them to an increase more broadly but primarily that decrease had to do with excess cash in the bank as well as the loan mix growth outside of the C&I portfolio. Most importantly, our credit quality of the loan portfolio remained very solid through the fiscal year despite increased provisions we took earlier, largely due to the precipitous drop in oil prices. The other segment -- that generated $21 million or 31% decline in revenues, mostly due to lower private equity gains this year. So overall, a fantastic year; record revenues and profits fueled by record revenue in all of our segments and record or near record profits in our core operating segments. ROE for the year is 11.3 on a GAAP basis and 11.8 on a non-GAAP basis which we're very pleased, especially given that our capital ratios have stayed over 20% throughout the year. The outlook certainly with the political and economic and regulatory with DOL, uncertainty is always hard to predict coming this year. But in the private client group, the records and assets should bode well to a good start for the year; both in client assets under administration and the balances in our cash suite programs. We're excited about the high quality advisors and people from the Alex Brown and 3Macs acquisitions. But if you remember us through Morgan Keegan, we don't expect those to be big contributors to profits this year because we're going to be very deliberate through our integrations and keeping support levels high until the transaction is fully -- you know that is down and people are very comfortable with our systems. We also have about $35 million of additional retention from Alex Brown running through the P&L this coming year. Further, we expect legal and regulatory expense to remain elevated as we comply with DOL and other regulations. So that's going to have an impact. We also -- by no questions will come up with the DOL, we've been very clear from the beginning that our focus has been complying with the rule of giving the maximum flexibility for our advisors to serve our clients and have clients have choice. So we fully expect to offer commission-based accounts to the big and comply with the rules. In the capital market segment, we're cautiously optimistic but investment banking making a return familiar -- very hard year for everyone in the market. But again, that's hard to predict with the political and economic uncertainty. Our fixed income business had a record fiscal 2016 held largely by trading profits but as we've said, we have a flow business and we can expect trading profits to indefinitely stay at this level. So we wouldn't be surprised that the contract is somewhat during this coming year. The asset management segment, we expected continued growth as we grow our number of advisors and increase utilization of fee-based accounts. Raymond James Bank, we believe is in position to continue to grow to the extent we can find loans that meet our criteria under risk-return. We expect the growth, we -- if you ask us, we'd expect a slight expansion of the NIM as we invest some of that cash but we think the bank is in very good shape. So in closing, we're entering 2017 with a lot of uncertainties but that seems to be lately the last couple years have been like that. But we're convinced that we continue to focus on our mission and helping our clients and advisors in this challenging environment, we'll continue to deliver good results. So with that I'm going to turn it back to the operator and open it up for questions. Raquel?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Good morning. Maybe just starting on the deal while I appreciate some of the comments but obviously a lot of moving parts there. And we're hearing from some that they're looking to apply kind of the fiduciary requirements across all brokerage assets; and then others are talking about going to level commissions for similar products. So I appreciate you're going to offer choice but I'm curious maybe where you stand on those? And then also you'd spoken about the overtime here, renegotiation that could occur with products manufacturers, just around the economics of the sale. And I'm curious if any of those have already occurred and kind of how you see the economics changing?
Paul Reilly: So first from an advisory standpoint, we will be leveled fee in those accounts. So we will be moving -- but that we're already there and our employee division and we will have to move there on fee-based accounts for our independent contractors. So we believe that the -- we're lots of discussions with our partners that we think most of the revenue impact if any will be pushed off into next year as we get through the transition fiscal year '18. So on the DOL impact, so that's hard to quantify; and I believe that to the best of our knowledge right now that in our operating technology in operations kind of cost guidance that we have the cost of that transition building for next year or so. So we'll see more as we go. But also the DOL is going to release the questions -- answered the questions that they've talked about releasing in the summer -- so late summer this year has been warm around the country. So we expect those times to -- and that maybe some weeks -- some of our response but we fully expect to offer a range of options for advisors to help their clients.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And maybe the increase in the securities portfolio in the bank and I think some people will like to see that you're moving in that direction. I'm just curious if you can put in more context around how much more you look to expand that? And then just in terms of the economics, so you're picking 150 basis points in a ballpark in the securities; what's the current give up on that -- I guess, I'm assuming it's coming from the third-party bank deposits, so I'm just starting to think about the net benefit there?
Jeff Julien: Yes, we think the overall securities portfolio -- it's been $400 million type range already, we're thinking about growing it to by about $1 billion. So over the course of the year just to put a frame of reference on it. In terms of the give up, we're still earning a little over 50 basis points from the banks we programmed. So to redeploy that cash -- we'd be picking up about 100 basis points by doing this -- and deploying a little bit of capital.
Paul Reilly: We're staying mainly with all agencies in the short-term. So our portfolio will probably be more short-term.
Jeff Julien: Yes, the duration down as [indiscernible] itself three years on what we've been putting on over the last quarter.
Jeff Julien: Yes, Devin. The -- as a reminder, we have a lot of our corporate loans to have LIBOR floors as such -- about $4 billion of our corporate loans have floors so they would not enjoy the benefit of that LIBOR increase until we really get over 100 basis points in LIBOR. We also have a mix of 30 day in LIBOR based loans; loans that are based on 30-day and 90-day. There has obviously been a lot more increase in the 90-day rate over the last year as compared to the 30-day rate. But that would be beneficial to the us in general but the impact is not as great as it may appear on the surface because of the LIBOR force.
Devin Ryan: Got it. And just one last quick one here; just on FA recruiting; you still seem to have some pretty good momentum, I'm just curious is that shifting at all with the uncertainty around DOL where FA's may be waiting to make a move or even you would think about slowing -- just to kind of get some better perspective around what the real revenue implications could be?
Jeff Julien: Surprisingly not. We've kind of expected that but we haven't seen it. And the pipeline is robust, this month's a little slower but it always is going to go through the year and we -- our backlog is very strong and we have not seen a slowdown, it doesn't mean it won't happen as we get closer but we haven't seen that yet.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay, thank you guys for taking my questions and congratulations on the strong quarter.
Jeff Julien: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thank you. So the margin in private client; I thought it was particularly good. It sounds like you guys still have some elevated legal expenses running through there. So can you maybe talk just a little bit how the margins were so good? And related to that, is Alex Brown coming through at a higher margin; maybe that's providing some advances [ph]?
Paul Reilly: Unfortunately Alex Brown -- actually for the month it was been because the amortization starts hitting but it's not going to provide -- it's going to provide some pressure on the margins because it's more of a breakeven business before we -- on our internal accounting. So that's how allocate cost between advisor retention and costs -- but it generates a lot of activity, both in the bank and the cash sweep and other things that make up a good investment. And we've got great advisors, so the -- we don't -- we think that both 3Macs and Alex Brown, if anything we'll put a little pressure on the margin, the other way.
Jeff Julien: As well as the impact of DOL, whatever it might be – extend the expenses.
Chris Harris: So what I mean -- so margin was up 200 basis points from last quarter in that segment, I'm just trying to figure out what happened there?
Jeff Julien: We just had a lot higher fee billings in that quarter than we had in the preceding quarter. We -- and we did enjoy most of the quarter, some of the interest spread on these balances, we got one from one-third of the quarter, things like that -- but we haven't really looked at what the margin target is for PCG next year but maybe between that 10% to 11% range we got to look at what it is and if there is another interest rate hike it may go up from there. But I don't think this was -- and any one thing you can really point to is saying that it was really strange. So it was just more solid and a little help from the acquisition and the interest earnings from those balances.
Chris Harris: Very good, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James Mitchell: Good morning guys. Maybe just quickly on -- Jeff, on your commentary on rate sensitivity; I think if you think about 25 basis points, you said about $4 million per basis point, I know you're not assuming -- you recapture 25 but that would be about $100 million if you did capture 25. I think you guys have been targeting about $80 million for the next 75. It seems to me you should be able to get 25 out of another 75. So are you taking up the rate sensitivity because of Alex Brown or something else or how should we think about that?
Jeff Julien: That's exactly right, our cash balances the loan at $43 billion now which is -- was $34 billion a year ago. So it's obviously a big delta there and so our sensitivity is much higher. We get the $12 million to $15 million a quarter saying if the rates get up 25, and if we pass 40% through, that's 10 basis points, we keep 15 at $60 million a year; as such $15 million a quarter. If we pass-through 13, the client which roughly have -- we keep 12 which is $48 million, which is the $12 million quarter. So it's kind of how we get that range. I think from the next -- if that's true and a lot of that depends Jim on what the competition is doing. I mean we're trying to be fair to clients and then we have to look at the alternatives the clients have if -- money market funds or competitors etcetera are much more aggressive than that in terms of passing rates through declines and we probably would have to respond accordingly. But so far we've kind of been leading the pack, and my guess is if we pass-through 10 or 15, we still be leading the pack of the next hike. But then the next two rate hikes if and when they happen – there would be much less for us to retain I believe. So definitely that total capture from the first 100 basis point increase is very, very front-loaded here.
James Mitchell: Fair enough. And just maybe on your pre-tax and large a target of 16%; I think you guys are sort of indicating the acquisition are net depressing for margins but you still feel comfortable with the 16. Is that relying on an improvement in banking which tends to be higher margin or do you just feel good about the rest of the business that you had with [ph] Alex Brown?
Jeff Julien: I think to realize it's an improvement in all three of the other segments. I mean at the bank we expect to continuing growth in the bank, we do expect I think better results in equity capital markets for the year than we've just saw in the most recent year. We're hopeful fixed income can come close to matching this year but at least within year short and we've already talked about the tailwinds that asset management has with the balance levels at the beginning of the year. So we actually expect some nice improvement in all of those. The acquisitions themselves -- yes, you're right, the Alex Brown acquisition particularly will not be help the PCG margins. It's very difficult to have a good operating margin when virtually a 100% of the advisors are on transition assistance deals which starts hitting. As Paul mentioned, $35 million, next year roughly of amortization of those retention deals, that's hard to overcome, at least have a big party of margin.
James Mitchell: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Conor Fitzgerald with Goldman Sachs.
Conor Fitzgerald: Good morning. First one just on DOL, I know you mentioned continuing the migration towards the fee-based accounts. One of your competitors when they stopped offering commission-based retirement accounts offered; fee released to customers who might have been a little -- had a little bit of a sticker shock coming from the advice based account pricing. Do you think that's something you would consider cutting fees in advice-based account that hope migrate customers over to that channel?
Paul Reilly: I think our whole philosophy is to offer kind of products -- roughly flexibility with clients and advisors. And I know that others believe they want to put them totally on fee-based platform and they are pushing them that way. And then when you do that you do get some misallocations where you discount. I -- we're not looking to force anyone under any platforms. So with the pick [ph] or maybe some more limitations in that we have to make sure that everything complies but our goal isn't to force someone onto a platform and kind of lower the fees and induce it. And I'm not saying there is anything wrong with that but it's not our strategy; our strategy is to offer the flexibility. So our pricing is not done, when we're through, the DOL is going to impact the client and advisor, and firm; and we're still going through that but right now our plans aren't to push people -- try to push people or heavily influence them under our fee-based platforms.
Conor Fitzgerald: Got it. And then on the 16% pre-tax margin guidance; can you just help us understand what you're assuming for in terms of interest rates? I mean you think about that and if we did get a Fed hike in December, how would that impact that assumption?
Jeff Julien: Well, if we took -- if we did get the benefit of another 25 basis point rate hike based on what we're assuming we would keep and that would probably lead to another -- probably lead to 1% percent increase in the pre-tax margin, and roughly $6 billion type revenue base. So if we make $60 million, that's another one. So we would probably up the target -- internal target by about 100 basis points if we get that.
Conor Fitzgerald: It's very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. This concludes the Q&A session for today. I would turn the call over to management for closing remarks.
Paul Reilly: First, thank you all. We appreciate your taking the time to follow us. Another -- lots of earnings is coming out last week and this week. So we'll continue to stay hard focused on the long-term and talk to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the Raymond James Financial fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-07-21 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the earnings call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Third Quarter of 2016. My name is Raquel and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website. Now I will turn the call over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. Sir you may begin.
Paul Shoukry: Good morning. Thank all of you for joining us on the call. As always, we appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following the prepared remarks they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results, industry or market conditions, demand for our products, acquisitions, our ability to successful hire, integrate financial advisors, anticipate a results of litigation and regulatory developments, our liquidity and funding sources or general economic conditions. Words such as believes, expects, anticipates, projects, forecasts and future or other conditional verbs, as well as other statements that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those forward-looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent form 10K and subsequent forms 10-Q which are available on the SEC's website at SEC.gov. During today's call we'll also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management's view on ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read in conjunction with, the corresponding GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks Paul and good morning everyone. I feel like it's kind of boring after watching the Republican Convention the last few days. We hit our 114th quarter of consecutive profitability which wasn't, I guess, a huge surprise. But the great thing about Raymond James, I think, we're very steady. As I look at the quarter I think the first reaction, I mean, it's just a very solid quarter in a very volatile environment this last quarter. If you look from the big picture, all the strategic drivers of our business look in good shape. Record net revenues of $1.36 billion, up 3% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially, record client assets under administration of $534.5 billion, up 7% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially. Record number of financial advisors, up 327 over last year and 69 sequentially. Record net loans of $14.8 billion, up 23% over last year's quarter and 3% sequentially and record financial assets under administration of $71.7 billion, up 2% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially. And these are the drivers that you really look for in the forward going business. As many companies have struggled to grow revenue, we've continue to grow revenue which I think is a good long term indicator and all these records are really driven by organic growth and the market. So these are without some of the acquisitions that we announced that are coming up. Speaking of those acquisitions, as you know, as we're not a very acquisitive Company, but we look at opportunities where there's a culture fit, they drive our strategy, we believe they can be implementable and a good price we believe for shareholders. And we're going to be closing hopefully a couple during this quarter. The first one we've talked about is the acquisition of the U.S. Private Client Service unit at Deutsche Bank or our Alex Brown Division as we will call them, closing. We're on track for our September closing. 92% of the advisors are signed and it's quite -- in reviving the name of the 200-plus year old brand, is very exciting to us. We closed on Mummert and Company which expands our M&A practice in Europe which we think is a very positive strategic development. And we just got a vote from the shareholders of 3Macs, MacDougall McDougall MacTier in Canada where 100% of the shareholders and 100% of the advisors signed on to join us. And that should close some time in the September-ish timeframe. That's a 175-year-old partnership, again sharing our culture that has decided to join Raymond James. So we're excited about it and we welcome all these groups to the Raymond James family. First I'm going to turn to the financial results. We had record consolidated quarterly net revenue of $1.36 billion, up 3% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially. Our net income of $125.5 million is down 6% over last year, but if you exclude the acquisition-related expenses, adjusted net income of $134 million was slightly flat, slightly up from last year's quarter and up 3% sequentially, fully diluted EPS of $0.87 and on an adjusted basis $0.93, up 3% sequentially. All four of our core businesses contributed to growth. And the Private Client Group, the Asset Management and the Bank all had record quarterly net revenue. And Capital Markets only missed a record quarterly net revenue by $9 million. We continued with disciplined expense management. And even with that, in the numbers, we have been affected by a number of expenses, $13.4 million of acquisition-related expenses. We had elevated legal and regulatory expense. The biggest part of that was the settlement with the State of Vermont which was essentially related to the historic FINRA-related AML issue issue that we accrued in the previous quarter. We believe we've been in good shape on that. We've brought on a few quarters ago a new chief AML Officer. We've installed Mantas, one of the leading AML systems and according to the vendor, really in record time and have it up and running. And we've added 50 additional associates. Simultaneously in our expense numbers we've been working heavily on the DOL and they're all within our -- all of those activities are within our current expense numbers as shown. So I believe we've shown good expense management with this revenue growth. If I turn to the segments, the Private Client Group first, record quarterly net revenues of $900.5 million, up 1% over a year ago and 2% sequentially. And those were driven by the market and assets, but also very strong recruiting, retention and growth in fee-based assets. Our fee-based assets now represent over 40% of the client assets. Pretax income of $81.9 million, down 5% over last year and down 2% sequentially, driven by a number of things. First, very muted transactional fees which I think you've seen throughout the industry during this quarter as the markets have been very, very uncertain. And also, as previously discussed, impacted by regulatory and litigation costs. Recruiting remains robust. And retention is keeping with our high historic levels. In fact, I've seen the industry reports saying that recruiting was down 40%. We certainly don't see that here at Raymond James. Turning to the Capital Market segment, net revenue of $251.6 million was up 8% over last year and 6% sequentially. Pretax profits, $32.8 million, up 79% over last year's quarter and 17% sequentially. Again, not against a very strong benchmark quarter, if you look at the contributors to that, there's really an outstanding quarter for our fixed income including public finance, given the marketplace. Brexit volatility, flight to safety, we believe all contributed volumes and record trading profits which we don't estimate will sustain this level of quarter profits into next quarter. ECM continued to struggle, really through the first five calendar months of the year, as everyone did in June. Volume activity picked up significantly, both in M&A and underwriting it, making the quarter better than the last quarter, but certainly overall not a benchmark quarter. Backlog for ECM's continues to be constructive for the next quarter. So with a reasonable market we have a positive outlook for the Equity Capital Markets. And Asset Management, record quarterly net revenues of $100.9 million, up 2% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially, with pretax of $32.5 million, up 3% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially. And record assets under management of $71.7 billion, again driven by market appreciation, increased managed account utilization and a very robust recruiting. Those in-flows and growth more than offset some institutional outflows for Eagle Asset Management. RJ Bank, another strong quarter, record net revenues of $126.6 million, up 22% over last year's quarter, 1% sequentially. Record pretax of $88.9 million, up 14% over last year's quarter, 4% sequentially. Our loans hit a record of $14.8 million, another good forward-looking quarter. We've had resilient net interest margin which I'm sure Jeff will touch on and our loan-loss provision of only $3.5 million, this credit quality remains good. So with that I'll give some guidance later, but I'm going to turn it over to Jeff to give it some more line item details. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. The consensus model for the quarter was fairly accurate. The majority of the line items were within 1% or 2% of actuals. Not a lot of line items to focus on here, but I will touch on a few. On the revenue side, pretty close percentage-wise, but a big absolute number, about $16 million ahead of the consensus model. And again PCT driven by the higher asset fees and the volatility that we had in June with the uncertainties surrounding the Fed move and the Brexit vote actually helped institutional commissions, both equity and fixed income. So we had a pretty good June in that regard. And similarly in Investment Banking we had somewhat of an underwriting recovery in June, although the run rate for the quarter is still low by historical measures. But we did kind of recover somewhat in June to a reasonable number. And that somewhat surprised, I guess, some of the models a little bit in the Investment Banking side as M&A was fairly flat and jumping all the way down to trading profits, paul's talked on that. This was, I think, sort of an outlier good quarter for us in trading profits. I'd like to think not. Maybe we'll get better, but I certainly think that all the stars were in line here for us to hit a number like that in trading profit. So it was a pleasant surprise, even for us, to see the magnitude of that by the end of the quarter and a lot of it again happening in June, and then the other revenues that's driven, as you can see in the detail in the press release, largely by Private Equity valuation gains of $13 million this quarter. More than half of that, by the way, goes to a non-controlling interest down below. So it's not all ours. In the expense side, numerically again the biggest absolute is comp. But that's generally tied to the revenue growth that we had in the quarter. Communications, info processing was a little higher than our $70 million a quarter type run rate that we've been guiding towards. But I still think that the $70 million-ish number is still probably pretty good. Going forward, this quarter happened to be slightly elevated, but it's been right around that number all year. So I still think that's the right place to be. And more than offsetting that overage, business development continued to be lower than it has historically, recently at least. And even though it's down to $36.5 million for the quarter, we still think the high $30 millions or $40 million-ish is probably a good run rate level for that, for now at least. The Bank loan-loss provision was a lot lower than people expected. We did have $450 million of net loan growth in the quarter. But interestingly more than half of that was retail-related banking which is securities-based loans and mortgages which carry much lower provisions then C&I and commercial real estate loans. So that caused a lower provision than you might otherwise think with that much loan growth for the quarter. And we had some minor movement up and down in some of the credits, but they generally netted against one another. And then the other expense, Paul's already talked about some of the legal regulatory things. Just to be clear on what he said, we had accrued the AML situation defined from last quarter. That was all accrued as of March, but this newer case, the Vermont situation which is public information out there now, all came up in this current quarter. So when you look at all those factors and the various regulatory matters, I guess we've sort of say that legal regulatory was elevated by around something by $10 million. Again, similar to what we had told you for the December quarter early in the year. The tax rate for the quarter is still below 37%, as equity markets continue to rise. And actually we got the fixed income market help as well this particular quarter. We continue to get the benefit from our corporate on life insurance investments as those gains are non-taxable. So a little bit of that help keep the rate down below 37%. Let me just address a couple of the ratios that we follow. The comp ratio for the quarter was 66.9% which is certainly good relative to our 68% target. And that really, as I say, had to do mostly this quarter with revenue mix as you get trading profits, interest earnings, PE gains and some of those things that don't have huge amounts of variable comp associated with them. That sort of helps the comp ratio. And even on the year-to-date basis now we're at 67.5%. So we feel pretty comfortable with that relative to our 68% target. The pretax margin for the quarter on a non-GAAP basis was 15.6% and year to date, 14.8%. So that number -- I think that we're kind of thinking that we should have a 16% target now in this environment. And again, we would've been close to that potentially without some of these abnormal expenses in legal and regulatory. But we had some help in some other areas. So that margin probably is about accurate for the quarter. We're still optimistic that we can head towards 16% pretax margin as we head to the end of the year and then we'll readdress that target as we get into our FY17 budgeting. In the ROE, again on non-GAAP, basis for the quarter was 11.4% and 10.7% for the year to date. That kind of versus our 11% to 12% range target. We're kind of right in the middle of that and hopefully again we can start trending toward the higher end of that range as we go to the end of this year and look at our budgeting for next year. Capital ratios were all in the press release. I don't need to talk about those. I think you know there multiples of minimum regulatory requirements. I do want to make a couple of other points before I turn it back to Paul. One is on the acquisition expenses; we've been guiding or thinking we would have, somewhere between $25 million and $30 million related to the Alex Brown acquisition or Deutsche Bank acquisition soon to be Alex Brown. We actually are incurring higher IT costs, higher legal costs than we thought. Actually we still have 5 or 6 side agreements that are still being worked on that will be part of the closing process with Deutsche Bank which is running up some legal bills and we has some real estate costs and some other things. So by the time we get done, we actually think that unfortunately that number's probably going to be in the high $30 millions rather than the $25 million to $30 million. I know that doesn't impact our non-GAAP results, but it's real money to us. It's shareholder money that's being spent. So we do watch very closely. Another point to make is that you saw the average share count actually decline this quarter versus the preceding quarter. And that's just shows you the result of the share buybacks in January and February earlier this year which more than bought back in control dilution for the quarter. And then lastly, we did have our note offering in July. I think all of you are aware we did close on $500 million 10 years at 3.625% and $300 million 30 years at 4.95%. So we replenish the liquidity that we used for retiring the debt in April of $250 million that we will be using for the Alex Brown transaction which is about somewhere in the $500 million range. And then we will be back at our, what we'll call a conservative level of liquidity which will put us in a position to take advantage of opportunities, whether it's our own stock price or whether it's acquisitions are other things that come up at that time. But that will, as I think Paul mentioned, have a depressed net interest earnings, obviously for the quarter we're in and the foreseeable couple of quarters as that's added $8.25 million per quarter of interest costs going forward. With those remarks, I'm going to turn it back over to Paul for a little bit of a forward look.
Paul Reilly: All right. Thanks, Jeff. First just let me address the segments and I'll give you an overall. In the Private Client Group, certainly you know with record assets it's a good tailwind for us. And Private Client Group, recruiting continues to be robust and we're keeping our historic retention levels. So the trend, certainly from the revenue standpoint, looks very good there. We will likely close on Alex Brown and 3Macs sometime in September. Timeframe, they could slip, but that's the target. Now, those will impact revenue, but you know in our acquisition strategies we don't go slashing costs right away. That our goal is to integrate, keep advisors around, make sure they're stable and then we right-size costs. So that may have -- they're smaller acquisitions, but it may have some margin impact, certainly not short term margin expansion, but we believe they're both two very good investments. We also have some potential upside it transactional revenues pick up, both through syndicate and Equity Capital Markets and just the equity markets in general. Again can't predict markets. In the Capital Markets side, fixed income and public finance backlogs and the business look good and we continue to think they'll look good, but the $30 million trading profit number is a record and unlikely to continue and hopefully the markets don't gyrate so much that it makes that easy, so looking forward. The other side, the Equity Capital Markets, the underwriting and M&A backlog look promising. Certainly underwriting calendar looks better than it has in a while. But we all know those markets can turn also. But where there may be some headwinds on public finance, there may be some -- versus this quarter, some tailwinds in Equity Capital Markets. Asset Management, given a reasonable market should continue to grow, given the strong recruiting. And if markets continue to hold, RJ Bank is well positioned. The credit quality still looks good. The Bank is about 34% of our equity target, right about where we target. So we expect loan growth to be more in near corporate growth rates going forward, but it's in good shape. I know you're going to ask me a lot of questions on the DOL even after I say this and I'll happy to address them. But still, there isn't a lot of clarity on it. We've had teams working very, very hard with a leading outside law firm and consulting firm. The law is very complex. We've generated lots of options, but we're waiting, really, for some DOL guidance that was provided this summer on some of the specifics. We're now working with talking to fund families and others. So next quarter on this call we should have much more specifics or at least directional. Again, we need to make sure that we understand the rule as much as it can be, because it's long and it's guidance based, before we can really give you any solid answers. But I'm confident our team is all over this and we will deal with it. So if you look this quarter going into next quarter, the headwinds are trading profits. We've had good solid trading profits, but to repeat last quarter would be difficult. We did have some private equity gains that are typical in this quarter that aren't typical next quarter. And the interest expense with the bonds is a new additional expense that we haven't had this quarter or traditionally. But we also have some tailwinds. There are some ups with record assets under administration, record assets under management, record loan levels that should portend well for revenue coming into this next quarter. We would guess, given where we're, that Equity Capital Markets should pick up, but again that's market dependent. And hopefully, legal and regulatory isn't a recurring expense at the level it has been for the last two quarters. So before I close I just want to thank our associates. We have a lot going on here. We've had a very successful Mantas integration which our vendor has told us has been in record time. We've been working on the Alex Brown close and I think we're in good shape there. We've been working heavily at the DOL well. So we've had a lot going on. And I want to give a special thank you, really, to our advisors who have stayed very focused on shepherding their clients through a very volatile time. With that, I think Jeff has one more remark and then we'll turn it over to questions. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Yes. On the acquisition expenses when I guided up now to the high $30 millions, that's really just for the Deutsche Bank Alex Brown transaction. The 3Macs transaction in Canada will also have some acquisition-related costs. A lot of that's contract termination and severance and things like that. So, but that total for that transaction's estimated to be a little less than $10 million and that will hit some in the September quarter and some in the December quarter. We're hopeful, because we're not big proponents of non-GAAP presentations, we're hopeful that we can get all of these costs either incurred or accrued by the end of the calendar year. They may slip into March a little bit, but hopefully we can get most of them done by the end of the calendar year so we don't have to continue with that presentation going forward from that point.
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Jeff. And now we'll open up for questions. Raquel?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse. Christian, your line is open.
Christian Bolu: So just firstly on litigation expenses, I guess a couple quarters now of these outsized litigation costs. I don't know, just longer term should we think of issues here as maybe driving structural higher expenses for the firm? And are there any parts of your business model that maybe needs to be modified or changed in some way to satisfy regulators? And specifically on AML, I mean, best you know are we done here? Or are you having discussions with other states?
Paul Reilly: No. So first, these two weren't totally unrelated. So, one of the AML issues was related to the case and it was a specific case and a specific issue in the State of Vermont with a specific group of investors. So we don't think those are happening all over. Now, you ask if they're structural? I think there is in our industry structural regulatory expenses and certainly a more aggressive stance by regulators. Fines are up in the industry. However, certainly not at this level. I think hopefully they unusual levels. But there will be some fines. And the 50 people in headcount and AML additions is just one example of the increasing regulatory costs, but those are in the numbers today. There is a structural elevated costs in regulatory.
Jeff Julien: And for us they show up largely in compensation expense and systems. The only thing that's showing up in this other expense, really, are external litigations and fines and things like that. The structural element that's going to be ongoing is embedded in the comp and systems lines.
Christian Bolu: And then just on mutual funds, I believe in the release you spoke to a pickup in mutual funds service fees in the quarter. Can you give some more color around this, just because there seems to be more of a trend to what passes generally industry-wide? So was the quarter rise more higher asset levels or if you see just greater uptick on your mutual fund products?
Paul Reilly: I thing is just asset based, both through recruiting and growth. It's just a rise in the level of assets has caused the growth in that number for the quarter.
Christian Bolu: And then just some quick modeling questions, I don't know if you could give us like the total client cash balances. How much of that were in the deposit sweep programs. And then what kind of rates you're getting on that third-party sweep?
Jeff Julien: Not really much change from where it's been, Christian. It's still hovering around $38 billion. I think probably $32 billion of that is in the bank sweep program, but $13 billion of that $32 billion is going to our own Bank. So there again, these numbers are not much different than they were a quarter ago. Post the Deutsche Bank Alex Brown transaction we will have different numbers, as there's somewhere between $5 billion and $6 billion of cash balances that will be coming onto our books in that transaction and the spreads really haven't changed much either, by the way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Maybe just a follow-up here on kind of thinking about the DOL, I mean, you mentioned Paul talking to fund families or starting to. I'm just curious if the negotiations around things like revenue share have already started? I guess first question then, client focus has always been a big deal for Raymond James and you guys already aren't selling many products that are viewed as more lucrative by the industry. So I'm curious if you see any changes or expecting any changes to the types or even the number of products that you're selling in a post-DOL world?
Paul Reilly: Yes, Devin. I mean, it's too early to answer that. I think what my contention has always been is that you have fund families that want us to work with them. We've got to make sure clients are charged appropriately. And that over time there'd be some equitable redistribution that would impact, some may impact clients because it's regulatory. We certainly don't want them to carry the burden. Some of the broker-dealer may impact advisors in the fund family. I would say we don't have an ask, so I don't think there's negotiation. I do think there's a willingness and an understanding that they will contribute to this. And I don't think there's a resistance to it. It's just how and how do you structure it? How you keep it level for the firm, the client, the advisor, to meet kind of the DOL requirements? So it's complex. I don't see resistance. But I can't say we all have asked yet. We got to know what we're going to do before we have a solid ask.
Devin Ryan: And then in Private Client, I mean, it just seems a persistent theme here is subdued client engagement. Historically that doesn't correspond with record high markets. Maybe not seeing quite as much in your results because of the recruiting strength, but I'm just curious what you guys think is different this time and what may change the skepticism? I know macro uncertainty is high. I'm just curious if you kind of feel like there's just more of a lasting impairment, just with the financial crisis still relatively fresh?
Paul Reilly: Part of it, there is a number of elements to it. So first, certainly equity syndicate being down is an impact. So you almost have to move that as a separate piece. There's also movement to fee-based accounts. So that certainly takes it out. But we're kind of digging into that number too and trying to figure out if this is systemic or market-oriented. I think most individual clients have been afraid of the market. And with all this volatility, it's hard to blame them. And we teach long term investment anyway. So whether you could say there's a structural change or this is a market one, I don't know if it's been a long enough run. But we're certainly, like everyone else in the industry, looking very hard at that right now.
Devin Ryan: Last quick one here just on the bank for Steve. I'm not sure if I missed this, but the NIM outlook just with the flattening of the curve here? And then provision. Understood the commentary, you still seemed a little bit light. I don't know if you can kind of hash out some of the moving parts. I know last quarter you highlighted the qualified reserves was maybe a little bit high, especially with some interest rate related companies. So not sure if that played any part as well. Thank you.
Steve Raney: Yes, we would expect, at least over the last couple of quarters as we sit here today, for the spreads in our loan portfolio to be pretty stable. And as Paul alluded to earlier, part of the contribution to the reduced provision expense relative to the gross loan increases was the loan mix and the fact that we really grew our private client banking assets, securities based lending and mortgage loan assets more rapidly than our corporate loans. And we also net/net, you may have seen we had a reduced level of criticized loans in the quarter which reduced reserves on those particular loans that were either payoffs or in one case we did have one upgrade of a loan from criticized status, but the bulk of it was just paydowns in criticized loans that contributed to that reduction in that asset category.
Devin Ryan: Good. So you didn't do anything to the qualified reserve, just with the--
Steve Raney: Qualitative reserves, there is no--
Devin Ryan: I assume you call it qualitative reserve?
Steve Raney: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Conor Fitzgerald with Goldman Sachs.
Conor Fitzgerald: I guess just the first one on that net new asset inflows which seem like there were pretty strong this quarter, I guess. Can you give us a little color on where exactly the growth is coming from?
Jeff Julien: Yes. The growth is, I think, if you look at the assets in general, market certainly helped. We thought the number would be different than -- the last week certainly changed our outlook of the number in June. If you remember the market then and recruiting, and so we've had, as you can see by the results, very strong recruiting, a very strong pipeline and you add those two together, they really drove the client asset number.
Conor Fitzgerald: And just any more color on specifically where you're having the most recruiting success?
Paul Reilly: The independent channel has been the strongest this year. And that comes and goes. Certainly when you add Alex Brown and 3Macs to that it's going to catch up. But they seem to go in fits and starts. The recruiting in Raymond James Associates, employee is above last year and that was a very good year. But the independent channel particularly has had a very, very strong year. So we're happy with both of them. But the independent's stronger right now.
Jeff Julien: No real concentration of where they're coming from.
Conor Fitzgerald: And then maybe switching over to the loan book, several banks have kind of talked about increased regulatory scrutiny on commercial real estate. I guess two questions. One, are you having any change in dialogue with kind of your regulators on CRE? And maybe more applicable to you, but if other banks are kind of pulling back and that creates an opportunity that spreads wide in that space, is that an opportunity for you to kind of grow your loan book there?
Paul Reilly: Kind of we're clearly in the middle of that dialogue and getting direction at various regulatory meetings that were in on the focus on commercial real estate. Our balance sheet compositional, although we've grown our commercial real estate book, is a little bit different. Some of the banks that have significant concentrations, their multiples of their commercial real estate exposure as it relates to their percentage of total loans relative to ours. Ours is still pretty small. And I think you know about half of our commercial real estate are loans to REITs that tend to be a lot more diversified. And the regulators would acknowledge those have historically been less problematic than the project finance real estate. So our real estate concentration and percentage of total assets and total loans is relatively low compared to other institutions. There could be some opportunities, to your point that as others are pulling back. But we're going to continue to be very cautious and not change our underwriting standards on commercial real estate, so.
Conor Fitzgerald: And then just last one from me would be more on a longer term philosophical one. But you guys mentioned higher costs kind of in closing some of the M&A transactions than you would've thought. Something we obviously hear from a lot of companies these days. I'm just wondering, knowing that was kind of the benefit of hindsight, how does this impact your propensity to do deals in the future?
Paul Reilly: First, I think we've been very good about predicting our closing costs and net/net Alex Brown was just more complex. The 3Macs or the Morgan Keegan, we brought the broker-dealer and knew what we had and controlled both ends of a transition. And the Alex Brown business, both by part of the reason we're in it is for the ultra-high net worth access and the technology standpoint, the connections, the systems, were just more complicated. And the agreements with Deutsche Bank are more complicated. So the agreements drove the legal costs. And the sophistication and complexity drove the technology cost. So yes, we underestimated it. And Alex Brown was very strategic for us and their growth. But it wasn't 100% down the fairway, what you'd call Morgan Keegan and 3Macs. It was a little stretch in some areas for us on purpose and we were just a little shy. So I think we've done a good job estimating generally conservatively on those costs and we weren't perfect on this one, but $10 million out of $500 million investment isn't going to sway our ROE analysis too much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Like to come back to the discussion on commissions at PCG, is there anything that you guys are doing internally that might be having an impact on that number? And one of the things I was just thinking about is if perhaps you've raised the bar for sales of higher commission products. And if that is happening, whether that is having an impact on that number?
Paul Reilly: We've always had a pretty high bar on those and always have been cautious. If anything, with high commissions going way, way back. And Tom's in the room and he beats that drum all the time. So I don't think that's changed. There's been continual growth to fee-based. So that's part of it. And again, you'd have to segment out the syndicate business which has been almost dead which certainly a part of it. And part of is there's been less transactions. So I don't think there's been a change in philosophy or a push to do something that's caused it. I think the natural migration to fee-based along with the muted equity markets have just contributed to that.
Chris Harris: Any financial statistics you guys might be able to share with us as it relates to 3Macs? Maybe revenue and perhaps pretax margin, if you can provide that?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I don't think we've written that up to provide it in some kind of format, but we have disclosed they're 70 advisors and they're about on our average $6 billion of assets in Canada. Our Canadian margins have been near our Private Client Group margins in the U.S. and we'd expect the same thing. That business has been lower margin, really because of back-office costs relative to the size. And we think over time, in that first year that we'll be able to drive a lot of those costs and achieve the margin. But again, we're sensitive both to the people, the culture, making sure we get it right before we're just going to slash cost cutting there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
Bill Katz: Just sticking with the DOL theme for a moment, behaviorally what are you hearing from the financial advisors as everybody starts to distill the implications of fiduciary form? And I guess the core question is, are you seeing any kind of pickup in migration to advisory platforms versus more of a historic brokerage model?
Paul Reilly: A little bit. Maybe a little bit. We told the advisors to wait for an answer. I think that some people have come out of the box with a solution have had to backtrack. And I think our message has been very clear to our advisors. They know we're sincere about it. We want a solution that's good for clients, keeps as much advisor flexibility as we can and fair to the firm. That's the way we've always approached everything. Until we know what we're going to do, the worst thing you do is go to clients, tell them one thing and then you change it again and then you changed it again when the law is finalized or understood the product. So there's plenty of time to make those changes. In April, implementation is to go to your clients and change either commission accounts or fee-based. There's plenty of time to do that. So the key is to get it right. Luckily I think we have a lot of trust with our advisors and clients. And our long term history has been to do the right thing. So I think in the most part, they're nervous because they hear stuff but they realize that it's the right track. So far it's been business as usual.
Bill Katz: Okay. And just a point of clarification, you've mentioned 92% of the advisors have signed off on Deutsche Bank. Can you give us an update on where the related assets might be associated with those?
Paul Reilly: Well, the percentage of assets is very similar. I can't tell you what the total assets were. We will find out soon on the closing. But we don't get weekly or monthly reports.
Jeff Julien: Somewhere between $45 billion and $50 billion for the 92%.
Bill Katz: And then just finally, thank for taking the questions. Stepping back, I think a number of your somewhat close peers have been increasingly embracing sort of technology and Robo-Advisors and you've been sort of pretty clear in your strategy of not doing that. Any shift in your thinking in terms of leveraging any online platforms for client acquisition or servicing in the Private Client Group?
Paul Reilly: We've been very clear that we aren't going to have a separate robo-advisor that just intermediates our advisors. We have never said that we were not going to enable technology that could let clients use that channel. We have an investment central today that manages small accounts for advisors. We've always had in the plans since our plan of the future to take what we already do in asset management and make it more of a direct portal to clients and make it an automated system. The question for robo-advice was there any real advantage under the DOL rules to put another system in temporarily or intermittently to help with that? I think that's probably no, but unclear. But I would say at first a lot of people ran to that because of it. We will have a client FA-oriented solution, but it isn't a solution that takes it away from the advisor and is a competing channel. So we're not saying no robo-advisor-like platform. We're in the advisory business. We will have technology that will help them gather and manage assets easier, as all of our technologies really associated with. So it's really a nuance on robo-advisors. When Scott Curtis spoke at his conference, he had two titles, Raymond James Considering Robo-Advisors. The same interview was, Raymond James Will Never Have A Robo-Advisor. I think it's caught up in the terminology. We will, I believe, have the technology. I just don't think it's going to be a robo direct away from the advisor type of technology.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Miller with Macquarie.
Hugh Miller: So just, I guess, a follow-up on the DOL. We've been hearing a little bit about the potential for the industry to kind of standardized transactional-based commissions across certain product lines for retirement accounts. I wanted to get your thoughts as to whether or not, I guess, you view that as a viable solution for the DOL's fiduciary standard and what potential of limitation challenges there could be if things kind of go that direction?
Paul Reilly: There so many alternatives. Again, I know you guys want an answer. I'd love to give you one. I think it's unclear. You can do anything within the BIC if you wanted to. But I'm not sure that's smart or good. And we're just looking at all the analysis. I know people have looked at, can you standardize fees in mutual funds on fee-based platforms. Can you standardize commissions, there are a lot of possible things, but we're not at the point where ready to say what's the right solution for our clients, advisors and us yet. We're just not ready. So we're certainly in dialogue with the industry. So we know generally the options of what people are thinking. We're dialogue with our advisors and we have a big group here that's working on it full time and analyzing the alternatives. And we're systematically starting to make the basis of decisions, what I call them the macro decisions. But we've got a long way before we nail it down or give you a detailed answer like that. It's possible. But we're not there.
Hugh Miller: Okay. I definitely appreciate the insight and just another question following up on kind of the sluggish retail dynamics that you guys had referenced. I understand the syndicate calendar certainly plays a factor there. We have kind of seen, if you look at some of the retail investor sentiment indexes, a pickup over the last four quarters kind of more towards a four-month high, kind of nearing back towards historical norms. It sounds like from your dialogue that you're not really seeing any change in that retail engagement in July relative to what we may have saw in June. Is that accurate?
Paul Reilly: Yes. July is early. We're in the middle of July. We're not reporting on that. I would say we see certainly muted activity this calendar year compared to historic norms. I'm not sure we're ready to call that a structural change, but we're in the middle of analyzing it and make sure we understand the components. And when people are slower into the market we can theorize all sorts of things. We're trying to get as objective as we can on it. So we see the trend. We see it in the industry. We're not immune from it. And so we're looking at it. But certainly the retail investor has been nervous in this market and you can't blame them. We've had a lot of ups and downs this last year.
Hugh Miller: And then last for me. You guys just referenced seeing a little bit more success in the independent channel, obviously mentioning with Deutsche Alex Brown deal and the 3Macs that would kind of change that. But from just kind an organic recruiting environment, is there just more of a willingness for independents to change firms or are you seeing a mix shift where you are seeing kind of in-house advisors at other firms that are adopting the independent channel and coming over to Raymond James in the independent channel?
Paul Reilly: There are a couple of dynamics. First, last year we said was our second-best recruiting year ever. So first, the employee channel's doing better than last year. They are not having a bad year. They are having a very good recruiting year. The independent channel's just having an amazing year and part of that is position of competitors. So I think we're getting more than our fair share. The report said that recruiting was down 40% in the industry. We're certainly not seeing that. I think we're just in the right place at the right time and the platform's right. So the independent channel I think has been just a bigger share gain. We're getting to see more and more joining, but the employee channel's up over last year. So, even though it certainly isn't lackluster and we're I think at a pace that we can bring advisors on and successfully. And frankly if it got too much higher we might even have some concerns about onboarding. But right now we're in good shape. And you get these relative swings. So I wouldn't -- and these swings may last couple years. But it doesn't mean they last forever. So we've watched it go back and forth for a long period of time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Sharon Leung: This is actually Sharon Leung for Steven this morning. My first question is, Steve, you'd alluded to the possibility at Investor Day of deploying some of your excess capital in securing the securities book, at least marginally. Given the recent pressure at the long end of the yield curve, in your view does this still represent like an attractive opportunity moving forward?
Steve Raney: Yes. Actually, we're still analyzing that. Obviously the rate environment has changed that dynamic a little bit. Jeff mentioned the cash balances, the total client cash balances, the bulk of which are at third-party banks. Those are pretty stable right now, but he also mentioned that were getting ready to get this influx of cash from the Alex Brown clients. So that analysis still continues. We don't want to take a lot of duration risk. We're not interested in really going out too far in the yield curve to just try to pick up more yield. So anything we would do would be relatively short in duration. But we do think that dynamic where we could move some additional cash to the Bank and have a little bit larger securities portfolio without taking any credit risk, we would do things that would be in the agency and very high-grade munis perhaps, but primarily agency-oriented mortgage-backed securities. That analysis probably is still valid and we're still continuing to pursue that. As you see, we haven't implemented that yet. But we're continuing to analyze it.
Jeff Julien: And it would require nominal additional capital.
Sharon Leung: And then just a follow-up on provision, so provision expenses came in below expectations in the quarter, like you noted. In the past you've guided to provision in the range of 125 to 150 basis points of loan growth per quarter. I guess provision came in below that guidance range this quarter. I was wondering if that guidance still held moving forward?
Steve Raney: Yes. Actually, it's really going to be based on the types of loans that we're growing. When we add securities-based loans and residential mortgage loans, the provision expense and the associated loan loss allowance is lower than our corporate loans. So each quarter that had that new asset composition and the new growth tends to be different. Our corporate growth this last quarter was muted which drove that reduced provision expense percentage. When we have a quarter where corporate loan growth is higher than the other asset categories, then that mix will be different the next quarter, so.
Jeff Julien: And of course in any given quarter we could have credit issues in either direction and we could have qualitative reserve impacts. So those are hard to predict, obviously going forward. But on the growth side I think Steve's comments are correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. There are no further questions.
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Raquel. We appreciate you all joining the call. I'm very proud of our results. I think growing assets and revenue in this kind of market is really the long term indicator of success. We certainly had some unusual expense items and certainly environment has -- between technology and regulatory, it's certainly a challenging environment from an expense standpoint. But we're doing a good job of managing it. With the acquisitions coming onboard this year and I think our positioning. I'm very confident that we will do well, given the market any market environment. So, I'm proud of the team. We know we have to earn it every quarter and I appreciate you attending the call this morning. So, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the earnings call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Third Quarter of 2016. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives Jim Getz - Chairman, President & CEOMark Silva - Chairman and CFOAnalysts Michael Perito - KBWMatt Olney - StephensJohn Moran - MacquarieBryce Rowe - BairdOperator Welcome to TriState Capital Holdings Conference Call to discuss the financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2016. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. Before turning the call over to management, I would like to remind everyone that today's call may contain forward-looking statements related to TriState Capital that may generally be identified as describing the Company's future plans, objectives or goals. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those currently anticipated.These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For further information about the factors that could affect TriState Capital's future results, please see the Company's most recent annual and quarterly reports, filed on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. You should keep in mind that any forward-looking statements made by TriState Capital speak only as of the date on which they are made. New risks and uncertainties come up from time to time and management cannot predict these events or how they may affect the Company. TriState Capital has no duty to and does not intend to update or revise forward-looking statements after the date on which they are made.To the extent non-GAAP financial measures are discussed in this call, comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations can be found in TriState Capital's earnings release which is available on its website at TriStateCapitalBank.comRepresenting TriState Capital today is Jim Getz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. He will be joined by Mark Sullivan, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, for the question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Getz.Jim Getz Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to report first quarter results that continue to reflect the positive outcomes of our disciplined execution over the past decade to build our growth-oriented business. Our focus is on achieving sustainable and meaningful increases in earnings per share over multi-year periods and our performance continues to support this objective, with earnings per share of $0.21 in the first three months of 2016, up nearly 17% over last year's first quarter. We delivered year-over-year loan growth of 17%, while maintaining the high credit quality and increases of 13% in deposits, 11% in net interest income, 7% in total revenue, 11% in pretax pre-provision earnings, all while reducing non-interest expense as a percentage of assets.We're laser focused on building our business for the long term, so while we're very pleased with our first quarter results, more importantly, we feel they positively demonstrate the long term trajectory and continued potential of the business model we're building. To that end, there are a few highlights I would like to draw your attention to. Our 11% growth in net interest incomes reflects the balance sheet strategy that has delivered increasing net interest income dollars every single year since TriState Capital's inception in 2007, even in an declining interest rate environment. This has been driven by strong long term loan growth, again up by 17% year-over-year. Coupled with strong deposit growth and significant asset sensitivity, our balance sheet has primed to take advantage of any rate hikes and December's action by the Fed put that in motion. In fact, even with more than 47% of our loan portfolio in lower risk private banking loans, our net interest margin expanded for the first time since 2013 by 5 basis points to 2.33%. However, our business model is built to continue increasing net interest income dollars through prudent loan and deposit growth, at a rate that outpaces margin compression. We expect this to continue, as our portfolio becomes more heavily weighted toward lower risk and less capital-intensive private banking loans and direct commercial loans. Private banking loan balances totaled $1.4 billion or 47% of the total loan portfolio at the end of the first quarter, up nearly 29% from one year prior. You recall, one year ago, we announced the vast majority of TriState Capital's loans in this portfolio qualify for reduced risk weighting for regulatory capital purposes under Basel III. Clearly the growth of TriState Capital's private bank portfolio is uniquely advantageous and profitable for us.We grew this portfolio 2% from December 31 to March 31, when markets were volatile, as they were in the first quarter, our private bankers worked with financial intermediaries and our clients to queue up new margin loans, backed by marketable securities. And to manage the level of existing balances, relative to their comfort levels and cure requirements. Then we can work with the clients to patiently fund new loans and increases on existing ones, when clients are comfortable with their collateral values, given market conditions. We're pleased to have experienced loan growth of 29% in our private banking segment over the past 12 months, in an environment that was continually challenging to the various stock indices. The power of our distribution system is reflected in a number of performance metrics. On a gross basis, for the first quarter of 2016, we funded $71.6 million in loans, backed by marketable securities. Partially offset by $47.5 million in reduced balances that we attribute to peer activity and proactive reductions in client balances ahead of the market volatility. In addition, we booked 247 new loans which was an increase of 17.6% over the first quarter of 2015. We also took in 334 new applications which was an increase of 21% over the first quarter of 2015. In all, we're looking forward to a very robust pipeline in the second quarter. While the non-purpose margin loan itself is a proven and familiar product, what is very hard to replicate is TriState Capital's unique relationship-driven distribution channel which allows us to offer loans primarily through tens of thousands of independent financial advisors with whom we do not compete and in fact, we support through our bank and investment management offerings. This national referral network of financial intermediaries was up from 119 firms to 125 in the first quarter alone. In addition, our commitment to efficient and effective execution in originating these loans creates a better experience for these high net worth clients and their advisors than they have when trying to access their debt products.As a reminder, most of our private banking loans, 89% at the end of the first quarter, are over-collateralized by well-diversified liquid securities that we monitor daily with our proprietary technology. This model has been tested over the last 12 months with periods of higher volatility, such as August 2015, as well as January and February of this year. Since inception, we have experienced no losses on any private banking loans backed by marketable securities. Once again, our risk management processes and procedures for non-purpose margin loans worked exactly on plan.Specifically, out of over 2300 private banking channel run accounts collateralized by marketable securities, only 41 accounts required cures in January and February, all of which were satisfied. Obviously, we're very proud of this, it clearly supports our growth strategy for this product and our confidence in the quality of our distribution system and risk management. Our regional middle-market commercial banking business has also seen positive trends. Commercial loans totaled more than $1.5 billion at the end of the first quarter, increasing more than 8% from one year prior. Commercial banking remains an important part of our business model and a key component of our 15% long term cap annual loan growth goal.With the quality of our commercial client base, the strength of our lending team and strong activity in the marketplace, we continue to see great potential for our overall middle market direct lending business. Now, I would like to give you a rundown of the flows in our total loan portfolio, looking at a 12 month trend. On March 1, 2015, we had a balance of some $2.5 billion of loans, we originated over the past 12 months some $849 million of loans, we had some payoffs of $424 million and we had net loan take outs of some $5.5 million. We had a change in our net loan balance, up some $419 million, for an increase of 17%. Our commercial and industrial loans were down some 7%, our commercial real estate loan outstandings were up some 21% and our private banking loans were up some 29%.TriState Capital Bank has been successful in providing a full suite of services to meet our commercial borrowers' needs. During the first quarter of 2016, our clients increased use of interest rate swaps generated fees totaling some $1.2 million, compared to $1.6 million for the entire 12 months of 2015. While the first quarter was obviously exceptional, bank has a robust pipeline, just three weeks into the second quarter and we're very satisfied with the value this product provides to our clients. Likewise, with average total deposit balances of some 14% and average checking and money market deposit account balances up 20%, our bankers demonstrated outstanding execution on our funding strategies.As we have mentioned before, we have invested in the addition of talent to our treasury management, financial institutions and family office deposit efforts and then we expect these very talented professionals to continue to grow our deposit levels and treasury management usage over time.Now, turning to credit in the first quarter, we again maintain strong asset quality metrics. TriState Capital's non-performing assets remain well below the average for commercial banks, with assets of $1 billion to $5 billion. At the end of this year's first quarter, our bank's non-performers measured 0.67% total assets, well below the 1.22% average for commercial banks with $1 billion to $5 billion in assets in the fourth quarter of 2015 and well below the 1.05 reported by the bank a year ago. The $4.5 million increase in non-performing assets during the quarter was primarily due to the downgrade from substandard to nonperforming of a single C&I loan to an in-market borrower in the value-add refractory business which has material sales to the construction and metal processing industries.The overall quality of the loan portfolio continues to be strong. As a percentage of total loans, adverse rate credits at quarter-end were favorable at 1.96% which is meaningfully lower than 2.35% at March 31, 2015. Our provision for the quarter was $122,000, as the provisions related to DAB rates were offset by the payoff of a nonaccrual loan and pay-outs on other adverse credits. We're also very pleased to report that we experienced no charge-offs in the first three months of this year and in fact, recognized recoveries totaling some $450,000 during the quarter. We believe that asset quality is a comparative to source of strength for TriState Capital Bank. Another important source of strength and growth of the Company is Chartwell Investment Partners. During equity market volatility in the first quarter, Chartwell stayed in close contact with clients and aggressively pursued new ones, while our investment professionals worked to maintain highly credible investment performance. Net inflows totaled and $604 million in the first quarter of 2016, exceeding net inflows of 502 for all 12 months of 2015 and meaningfully offsetting modest market depreciation of $30 million in the first three months of this year. In terms of market performance, against benchmarks in the quarter, three of Chartwell's 12 investment strategies beat their benchmarks on one-year performance. Eight beat their benchmarks on three year performance and nine of12 beat their benchmarks on five-year performance.As a result, during a quarter with substantial equity market volatility, Chartwell grew assets under management by 7% to $8.6 billion. This compares very favorably to recent reports from publicly held asset managers, showing an organic growth at the top performers was running at a rate of 2% for the first quarter. This success reflects the outstanding work that Chartwell team has been doing to build relationships and convert new business. Business development takes time in the asset management arena, so the inflows and new clients we saw in early 2016 reflect relationships built over last year and truly showcase our Company's sales, distribution and service capabilities. We could not be more pleased with this performance, particularly when we consider the long term impact to our bottom line. At the end of 2015, Chartwell's annualized revenue run rate was $29.3 million. Just three months later, at March 31, 2016, it increased nearly 5.5% to $30.9 million.While market volatility in January and February compressed first quarter investment fees to 0.36% on weighted average basis, our annual run rate reflects the tremendous impact of our growth in new and existing accounts. We intend to put this proven sales and distribution capability to work, once we complete our acquisition of The Killen Group. We continue to expect to close this transaction this month, by the end of April. We remain pretty really excited to be able to offer Killen's conservative allocation strategy for the Berwyn Income Fund to current and perspective clients. As you have heard me say before, the Berwyn Income Fund takes a major step toward giving Chartwell products for all seasons. The Berwyn Income Fund fulfilled its investment mandate and delivered exceptionally good performance in the first quarter, with the return of 3.08% through March 31, beating the major U.S. market indexes and most of the fund's benchmarks.For the three and five year periods ending March 31, 2016, the Berwyn Income Fund beat all of its benchmarks. We're pleased by the continuing investment performance Killen and Berwyn Fund have delivered since we initiated due diligence last year and we're eager to get to work with their team.As I explained when we first announced the transaction, Killen's investment strategies and the Berwyn Funds have received very limited sales and marketing support. As I also noted, believe this was a key factor as Killen's assets under management declined by about $1 billion in the 12 months leading up to the deal's announcement. Not unexpectedly, Killen net outflows continued in the first quarter, reducing assets under management by $199 million, to $2.1 billion at March 31. This trend is why we structured deal terms with contingent consideration, based on run rate EBITDA at the end of 2016, protecting TriState Capital from any interim decline in Killen asset under management and giving us some time to neutralize the outflows there.Transaction terms are unchanged from December, but as a reminder, at closing, we will pay an initial $15 million or five times Killen's base FY '15 EBITDA of $3 million. Contingent consideration is structured to reward sellers 7 times for any EBITDA growth above the $5 million base, utilizing client assets under management at December 31, 2016. Currently, our run rate EBITDA assumption ranges from $3 million to $3.7 million for Killen at 12/31/16. This would result in contingent consideration ranging from zero to $5 million. Combined with an upfront payment of $15 million, we currently estimate the all-in transaction value to be $15 million to $20 million.Based on our latest assumptions, the Killen acquisition is currently estimate to be valued at 5 to 5.4 times projected annual run rate EBITDA at December 31, 2016. This compares very well to the investment management industry multiples of 6 to 11 times EBITDA which we saw in competitive evaluations at the end of last year. We also currently expect that for the second half of 2016, Killen would add approximately $0.03 in earnings per share or $0.06 to $0.07 on an annualized basis. By integrating Killen into Chartwell while maintaining its Berwyn Mutual Fund brand, we believe we will have ample talent and infrastructure for a scalable platform which can accommodate very significant organic growth from the combined investment management businesses and offer valuable products to our institutional and financial intermediary clients.We continue to expect the deal to be immediately accretive, with compelling strategic value, designed to accelerate the growth of Chartwell assets under management, revenue and profitability over the mid and long term. One of the most significant strategic benefits for the Killen transaction continues to be the distribution opportunity. With Chartwell's retail marketing capability, we believe we have significant potential to attract new client assets and accounts to Killen's proven investment products, notably the Berwyn Income Fund. Before we turn it over to questions, a few final thoughts. Between commercial banking, private banking and investment management, disciplined diversification is of great strategic importance to our model. Our operational platforms, talent and income streams are well diversified and our experience for the quarter very nicely demonstrated how this model serves an important role in promoting stability and consistency in our performance over time.In 2016, we will continue to use our scalable branchless business model and expanding financial services distribution network to facilitate the cost effective growth of our private banking, commercial banking and investment management businesses. We remain particularly proud that in spite of the near zero interest rate environment we experienced for so long, this model has allowed us to consistently achieve significant earnings growth. Today, with the potential for future rate hikes on the horizon, our balance sheet is well-positioned, we feel confident that our loan and deposit generating efforts, coupled with continued expansion to a highly scalable investment management business, including the contribution anticipated the pending Killen Group acquisition, we will produce sustained earnings-per-share growth in the future.That concludes my prepared remarks, so now I ask Mark Silva, our Vice Chairman and CFO, to join me for Q&A. Operator, please open the lines for questions.Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Michael Perito of KBW Please go ahead.Michael Perito I wanted to Chartwell, did AUM growth was solid, it looked like when looking at the reported revenue, so that maybe the average fee rate fell little bit sequentially, I guess A, is that true and B if it is why did that happen and also can you maybe just make a comment to what the future rate we should be using once the Killen comes on, I think it was a 4 or 5 basis point benefit last we spoke, is that still the case?Jim Getz Yes. In the Chartwell the average weighted fee dropped by one basis point to 36, that was actually caused by the fact that we have a large investments sub advisor that we handle and we have been consistently in our mid-cap product have been receiving performance fee of about $350,000 a quarter. We did not have the level of performance that we have had in the past couple quarters thus, we missed that 350,000 this quarter.Secondly, on the Killen Group, we will that will cause this to go up close to the mid-40s, probably around 43, 44 basis points.Michael Perito And Mark, maybe question on the margin. It sounds like the benefits this quarter at least in near term, the opportunity for additional margin expansion will still be difficult given the private banking loan growth. But I guess it's the hope that you guys can kind of maintain this level until we get some more hikes or as the growth continues do you guys expect to see a couple -- few more basis points of compression over the next couple of quarters?Mark Silva I think you have framed that well, Mike. I would say that the increase from 228 to 233 absent an additional increase this year would probably stay in that range working closer to the 228 that we started the year. I would say with another increase we would more likely maintain the mid-230s.Operator The next question comes from Matt Olney of Stephens. Please go ahead.Matt Olney For the organic loan growth, little bit slower start to the year in the first quarter, how you’re feeling about your goal of the mid-teens goal given the slower start. I'm just trying to get a better feel for the pipelines today.Jim Getz I feel comfortable with the plan to hit the 15% comp and annual growth rate. If I take you back to the first quarter of last year, we had loan growth of some 3.5% and for this quarter, it was 2%, we also during that quarter did not have the type of volatile markets we had in January and February of this year where there was degree of uncertainty in that regard. We have a very strong and robust pipeline for the second quarter. We feel that we're picking up the pace handily.Matt Olney And then secondly on credit quality, the senile [ph] loan that went to non-performing status in the first quarter I was looking for a few more details on this. Was there in fact an impairment test on this in the quarter, any specific reserve and is this a shared national credit? Thanks.Jim Getz Okay. Let me put this all in total perspective. First of all, it was a shared national credit. Secondly, you are probably aware that the shared national credit ratings were released in mid-March right before the end of the quarter, Matt. And as a result, we had two upgrades and three downgrades. The particular credit that you’re talking to was in fact a downgrade. We had it rated as a substandard credit. The regulatory authorities came back and rated it a non-performer We did not have it rated as a non-performer, we immediately moved it to nonperforming status at that particular period of time.I must say we're challenging the rating as non-performer not the rating as a substandard which we had it at -- we have an exposure today of about $5.1 million. This is a credit that we have had for quite some time here at the bank. It's a North America producer, proprietary refractory products. The primary industry that it services is the construction and metal processing businesses. This is an example of a company that has excellent management, very tough industry at this point. They have taken steps to downsize the company through personnel facilities reduction. It is in fact, it's listed as a non-performer but it is a non-performer, they have made all their payments, they have never ever missed the payment here at TriState and like I said we’re challenging the rating at this point.Mark Silva We have a specific reserve on it as well, Matt.Matt Olney And how much is that, Mark?Mark Silva 1.1.Operator The next question comes from John Moran of Macquarie. Please go ahead.John Moran Just to close out the credit discussion on that one, are you guys agent or is that one that you’re participating in?Jim Getz We're participating in, it's a regional agent.John Moran Maybe back on the flows at Chartwell, a really good quarter obviously. Was the nature of those more skewed retail or institutional and could you give us a quick update in terms of kind of cross sell through the PV [ph] channel on the Chartwell product?Jim Getz The flows were a combination of institutional and retail. The retail at the end of the year was around $800 million. It's today a little over $880 million. So we’re well on our way to pressing on a $1 billion. So we're very pleased with the progress that we're making. They are currently doing business with 28 financial intermediaries at this time.John Moran 28 out of, I think you said you're up to like 125 now so--Jim Getz 125 that we have in the private banking arena, John.John Moran So there's still a long runway in terms of penetration?Jim Getz That’s right and they are really making very good progress. They are doing a great job.John Moran And could I speak one more and just in terms of capture rate on the retail side versus the institutional side, is it meaningfully different, so in others in addition to the Killen Group bump that we will see in capture rate, would it be reasonable to sort of expect that we're ramping up on the Chartwell side as well?Jason Boling We're definitely going to be continuing to capture additional market share. To be candid with you, what the Killen product gives us is a product that resonates in this type of market environment. It's a conservative allocation product, has credible performance and a volatile market. The issue to be candid with you on why the asset continue to deteriorate there, it's just very frustrating. There is no structured communication program with the current shareholder base and there isn't a program for expanding that base at all. And we continue to have a five-star rating on the funds so this is a major point of focus of the management team to get this well-positioned in the market place.Operator [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Bryce Rowe of Baird. Please go ahead.Bryce Rowe Mark and Jim, just wanted to follow up on loan pricing, the questions I had about the inflows at Chartwell we’re at there, but just curious what you saw from a pricing perspective within the three buckets, C&I, CRE and private banking now that we've had the first fed rate increase and so trying to understand what the driver behind the impressive loan yield increase of what I'm calculating to be about 13 basis points sequentially. Just trying to get a sense for the drivers behind that increase. Thanks.Jim Getz Why don’t I comment on the pricing that we’re seeing in the market and then I'll turn it over to Mark here. Looking at the three categories that we’re in, the commercial, the industrial, we're seeing those loans being priced anywhere from 200 basis points to 275 basis points that were LIBOR. We're seeing on the commercial real estate side anywhere from two in a quarter to 300 over LIBOR and the private banking has remained stable at two in a [ph] quarter. To be quite honest, the fed's move has had zero impact except on our bottom line. The 25 basis point increase no one is giving us any pushback or anything or brings it up, it's like a nonevent. Mark?Mark Silva Yes Bryce, you’re correct on the 14% increase at a loan yield. It's virtually all attributable on the volume rate increase, it's all attributable to the rate from the December hike and the volume that we had was really in the tailend of the quarter. So we really [indiscernible] lift on volume. So it is attributable to the rate and the mix with the private banking and the paydowns from the existing portfolio which were higher than what they are coming on today, that combination goes against the rate increase. But the full '14 is attributable to that rate increase.Bryce Rowe And just a follow-up Jim and Mark, on the mix of the loan portfolio, you guys have talked here in over the last several years about deemphasizing C&I and emphasizing CRI and private banking and obviously have executed on that. Trying to get a sense for where you think that’s in our portfolio bottoms or maybe where and when in our portfolio bottoms, any help on that would be helpful. ThanksJim Getz We apologize, we didn’t mean to communicate that we were deemphasizing the commercial, industrial or the commercial real estate business. What we wanted to directly convey is that we have a business that has huge momentum behind its mainly private banking. There's no way you prudently could be growing over the past couple years by 29%, the commercial, industrial and the commercial real estate business.What we were focused on with the commercial industrial is deemphasizing the private equity related share national credits which we have been very successful at doing and what you have seen the real drain their if you go back to January 2014 it was $225 million of those credits today, it's 51 million. So that real reduction you've seen us making by design strategic decisions to eliminate that. And to answer your question, Bryce on the where you will see that stop, I think you’re going to begin to see in the second half of this year positive growth there in that portfolio of direct C&I business. As you probably noticed our commercial real estate business has been growing pretty nicely over the past couple of years, so we do see that commercial business as a result of us having pretty well gotten to our goal of purging that portfolio of private equity related share national credits, it's going to grow.Bryce Rowe And Jim, didn't mean to mistake any kind of de-emphasis on the C&I, I guess it's more of a relative deemphasizing. Thank you.Jim Getz Thanks.Operator The next question is a follow-up from Michael Perito of KBW. Please go ahead.Michael Perito I just want to talk on the capital front. You did about 1.7 million on the buyback dollars on the buyback, sorry. Just curious as to what we should expect in the next couple quarters? I think last call you mentioned that the plan was generally speaking to finish the authorization like you did your previous one. Is that still a fair assumption and maybe just remind us where you guys are comfortable in terms of pricing buying back your stock?Jim Getz Right, that's a fair assumption that we will use all that money up to buy back shares and what we would anticipate that most of that money will be put to use over the next 9 to 12 months. So we don't see us not acting on that. We're making an announcement, we're telling we’re going to do, we are going to do it. So you will see that fully utilized. With regard to the pricing, I suggest that we all take a gaze at our book value and our tangible book value and take a look at the price of $12.70 and we believe very strongly that stock is undervalued and you’ve seen -- if you take a look at our 10 largest shareholders, five of them at the last reporting increased meaningfully almost 650,000 shares, their position, so they feel in-lined with the company.Michael Perito And just maybe one another follow-up for Mark. The Killen Group is coming on next quarter. Any thoughts you could provide us on maybe a good non-interest expense run rate kind of surrounding -- I think on the core basis about 80 million this quarter. I mean does that kind of move up to a 20 million plus or minus range, any thoughts there that you could offer us?Mark Silva What you’re saying -- you're talking about full year annualized--Michael Perito I'm just talking second quarter of quarterly -- I was just talking about the quarterly run-rate.Mark Silva I'm not following your numbers on that, Mike.Michael Perito So the first quarter non-interest expense was about $18 million.Mark Silva And you're asking about Killen?Michael Perito Yes, just how you guys expect once Killen closes to kind of impact that number in the second quarter and going forward?Mark Silva I think Killen is similar to Chartwell in terms of the model. So on the revenue, back in October, December range, we had a higher run-rate, 14 point something and now we're seeing close to 11. So the $0.10 earnings per share is now in that 6 to 7 range on an annualized basis. So the ratios are similar, so at 11 you would expect about 75% in non-interest expense associated with it. So about a 25% margin.But the key for us in this isn't what are the rates 14, 3 or 11, where the purchase price is 15 or 18. The real key is with our sales and distribution efforts, what is the run rate and AUM and EBITDA going to be 18, 24 months from now? That's the real key to Killen.Operator And next we have a follow-up from John Moran of Macquarie. Please go ahead.John Moran Sorry if I missed this guys, but do you’ve an update on when you expect Killen to close exactly. Is it early in 2Q or is it kind of later in the--?Jim Getz How about April 29th?John Moran That works for me. Thanks.Operator There are no additional questions at this time. This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Getz for closing remarks.Jim Getz Thank you very much for spending time with us, we continue to appreciate your commitment to our company and look forward to working with you in the new quarter. Have a good day.Operator The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-04-21 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Second Quarter of 2016 Results. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company's website. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Paul Shoukry, Vice President of Finance and Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. Please go ahead.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you, Stephanie, good morning, and thank you all for joining the call this morning. As always, we appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results, industry or market conditions, demand for our products, acquisitions, our ability to successfully hire and integrate financial advisors, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments, our liquidity and funding sources, or general economic conditions. Words such as believes, expects, anticipates, projects, forecasts and future conditional verbs, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in those forward-looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K, which is available on the SEC's website at sec.gov. During today's call, we will also use certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide information pertinent to our management view on ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered replacements for and should be read in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures may be found in the schedule accompanying our press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Great. Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. I guess you guys know the drill now. I am going to go start and give some overview numbers and turn it over to Jeff little more detail, make some comments before we turn it over for Q&A. Considering all of the challenges this industry is facing, the competition, markets, the regulatory environments, the rising cost of people and healthcare, I have to say, I am pretty pleased with our results for the quarter. As you know at RJ, we don't get overly excited about a good or bad quarter. I don't know if that's because Jeff and I are CPAs by background, but I think it's more that we really do take a long-term focus and I think as I go through what we've achieved, you are going to see that we have good long-term metrics here. Revenues for the first half of the year were up 2% over our record start of last fiscal year. So we're off to a good start. I don't really want to take credit for that. We can't forget it’s our advisors and people and managers in the field that really make that happen. The net income for the first six months of $232 million were adjusted $237 million, is just $3 million less than our record start for last fiscal year at the same time period, so that delta is really, most of that was in the technology spend. In the loan loss provision, which a lot of that was driven by growth and some extra reserves and the energy portfolio, which I'm sure we’ll talk about. And I think we've also seen some very solid discretionary expense management, so I want to give kudos to our managers who have worked hard on that. Maybe one of the most important metrics for us is the growth in our FAs. We hit 6,765, up 381 from a year ago, and up another 78 over last quarter. And again, we like to talk about the fantastic recruiting results, but I think the real result, we should be proud about, is the retention, as advisors choose to stay and work with us here at Raymond James. That all resulted in record assets under administration of $513.7 billion, up 4% year-over-year while the markets were actually slightly down for the same period, and I think that's really kind of the best-in-class results as we look across the market. We had record net loans at Raymond James Bank of $14.3 billion, that's a 19% increase year-over-year with very strong credit quality, non-performing assets actually went down 15% year-over-year, and again we will talk about the energy portfolio which is one of the areas that that we watch closely. And we’re on track with our acquisition of the U.S. Private Client Services Group at Deutsche Bank as we call that soon to be formed Alex Brown with over 90% of the advisors who have signed on now. We don't think that's ever a done deal. In fact, we don't think actually when people are here we have a lot of work to do. And I can tell you from everything we know everything is on track, and we're very proud of that result as we've had virtually almost 100% of the advisors here in St. Pete. And the more we meet, the more I am convinced this is a great fit for Raymond James, but also a great fit for those advisors. This will be a mutually beneficial combination. So, overall, pleased with the results. On a consolidated basis net revenues of $1.31 billion or up 2% year-over-year, 3% sequentially. Net income of $125.8 million, up 11% year-over-year and 18% sequentially. Non-GAAP adjusted net income of $129.7 million, up 14% and 21% sequentially. And non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.90, 17% year-over-year and 23% sequentially. Now, a lot of that has been result of hard work, but we've also been helped by the rise of short-term interest rates last December both in the bank, NIM [ph] on our client cash balances and discipline on managing the growth and discretionary spend in our business. Let me hit the segments really quickly as an overview. Our Private Client Group at $880 million net revenues in the quarter is up 1% year-over-year and one as compared to last year's quarter and 1% sequentially. We entered the quarter with a higher fee-based asset and the reason that growth wasn't higher as commissions are down and a lot of that is just the equity markets. Our syndication and activity was low and investor activity was low for the quarter. We also had lower mutual fund balances as the market was down during the timeframe, so you know that dragged net revenues there. Account and service fees were driven by the higher interest rates. Pre-tax of $83 million is up 10% year-over-year and 20% sequentially. The one area that probably has up and down results is our capital market. Net revenues of $237 million was up 1% year-over-year, 5% sequentially and pre-tax profits of $28.1 million was up 35% year-over-year and 12% sequentially. Now, there are a lot of moving parts in that. The fixed income division has formed superbly in this market and has done very, very well. Institutional commissions of $80 million are up 7% year-over-year and up 12% sequentially. So, they continue to perform very, very well and kudos to them. In the equity capital markets area, it’s still challenging. As you know, during the first quarter, the IPO market, especially in January and February, very, very quiet, it was better in March. So business was very difficult. So that was a challenging quarter for them. And our tax credit business had a great quarter with syndication fees up 80%, which I wouldn't view that as a run rate, but their deals are lumpy as a spiky quarter, but they are still on projection to have a record year. In Asset Management, the assets under management at $68.8 billion is down 1% year-over-year and up 1% sequentially. We've had tailwinds in the Asset Management group supported by great recruiting and when advisors come over often bring over balances to our managed platform, but the tailwind has been – the headwind has been the outflows in our Eagle Asset Management business. So net it's been a slower growth quarter. Revenues are $96.8 million, up 3% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially, and pre-tax income of $31.1 million, flat year-over-year, and down 7% sequentially. Raymond James Bank was the star and I hate to see Steve sitting across from me and smiling a little bit. Record results top and bottom line and in loans, net revenues of $125 million, up 22% year-over-year and 16% sequentially. Pre-tax $85 million, up 1% year-over-year and 29% sequentially. Driven a lot really by our loan growth, we hit a record of $14.3 billion, up 1% year-over-year, 19% – I'm sorry – year-over-year. NIM in the Bank because of interest rate rise in December went from 290 basis points to 309, so certainly that short-term rate hike helped results. And good credit management, and again we will discuss energy, which continues, I think, to be a challenge, but we believe we’re addressing it appropriately. So with that, I’m going to turn it over to Jeff to go over some of the detail line items. Jeffrey.
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. Looking at some of the specific P&L line items, we generally, by the way around here talk about things in terms of segments. We don't actually focus as heavily on the line items, but it's helpful to see how the segment results translate into these various line items, which is how we report in the P&L. The commission line was relatively flat. The 10th page of the press release give you some good detail and you can see the flat Private Client Group commission sequentially, which Paul just talked about, the factors influencing that, and then we had some good institutional fixed income commissions offsetting a slight decline in equity commissions. Similarly on the same page as a good breakdown of the investment banking line item, and again it reflects most of the things Paul talked about. Underwritings are down, underwriting revenues are down from last year and last quarter, even the last quarter was fairly slow. It was down further, but that other primary factors in that line item all saw increases. The M&A fee, fixed income, our public finance revenues and tax credit funds, as he mentioned, had a very strong quarter. So, as a result, the overall segment and that line item showed an increase from the preceding quarter. Investment advisory fees, I think we mentioned on the call a quarter ago that Eagle had seen some significant institutional accounts leave and that is weighing on that investment advisory line at the moment. Coupled within the December quarter, we had a $3.5 million performance fee that only hits in the December quarter each year. So that distorts it even a little further. Interest is one of the factors that that probably was throwing the models off the most this quarter. Its interest and its account and service fees, which is where some of those revenues go when we talk about the spread that we would earn from rising rates. The fact is that we did last quarter steer you toward $8 million to $10 million a quarter from the first 25 basis point increase, but that was without any knowledge on what the rest of the world would do with respect to passing rates through to clients to where we need to – we want to stay close to the forefront if not in the lead and being competitive there. The fact is no one has done much of anything. So, as a result, we're realizing more benefit from that first 25 basis point rise than we expected to. So instead if things stay as they are, we'll see somewhere close to double that amount from this first 25 basis point rate increase but bear in mind any of those factors can change, the Fed may move again, the world may get more competitive with clients, but based on where things are today, it looks like the amount is going to be more like twice per quarter what we thought it would on this first 25 which means it will be less on one of the future rate increases. Account and service fees, I talked about, it is almost entirely, that there a lot number of things in there but the biggest factor by far is the bank's sweep program where we get fees from the client cash balance swept to other banks which is part of what was driven by the rate increase. There are other things in there like mutual fund fees et cetera, but they didn't change much quarter-to-quarter. Net trading profits were down slightly from a very large profitable December quarter. And other revenues, there were some P/E model on press release page 10 also there were some modest private equity valuation gains this quarter versus almost none last quarter which kicked in, which helped a little bit in that particular line item and there was a whole bunch of other lesser factors that played into that line item not all of which will be recurring either. So, at the end of the day the net revenues – I'm sorry, net revenues for the quarter were – for that quarter were up 3% sequentially and 2% over the prior year, so a pretty good result. In the expense side, actually one of the misses I guess I would say we had was a little bit was in comp. Even though our comp ratio came in at 67.7, which is below our target, it was a little bit above your models. I think some of that was driven by an under appreciation of the impact of January affect for us which is really twofold. One is all the raises kick-in for all the salaries around the firm. And secondly we have a reset of the FICA which we talked about last year in this quarter. And the sequential affect the FICA resetting for all the financial advisors and everyone else that was over the limit throughout the year, it was about a $6 million increase in the March quarter over the December quarter. And then there was some additional comp with revenues being higher than projected. On the other side of the ledger, a positive impact versus your models was communications and data processing. I would say that really that line item and business development both of which were substantially below consensus models really had to do with something that Paul talked about last time, which was really a little stricter discretionary cost management. We were concerned about heading into a choppy or downward revenue cycle, and clearly revenues are not up dramatically. So we had taken a number of steps to limit the discretionary spends like travel and number of conferences and things like that. And one of those things is some of the long list of IT projects that people had requested, some of those have been deferred. So that's predominantly what you are seeing in there and some of those resources have been allocated over to the Alex. Brown acquisition at this point in time. Not a lot of change in the other expenses until we get down to – finish on communications. For the year – year-to-date it's 140 million which is kind of right on top of the 70 million a quarter that we guided to and I think that's probably still good guidance for the balance of the year. It's a little lumpy there as things start amortizing or stop amortizing and things like that, but I think that we would not really alter that guidance at this point. In the terms of the business development line, I think this one is probably a little aberrationally low. We probably would still be in high 30 million to 40 million per quarter on that particular line item. There's a little bit of lumpiness there in terms of timing of some of conferences and things like that. The bank loan loss provision was substantially higher than last quarter, but pretty much in line with where you all thought it would be. Number of factors in that, but it's mainly driven by growth as well as some of the bolstering of some of the energy names and Steve will – can provide more detail on exact provisions there four, five moving parts in there including the SNC exam and other things that happened during the quarter that we can go into. But really the main theme there is net loan growth of $615 million for the quarter, coupled with us putting some more reserves on the energy portfolio which now stands – reserve there now stands at 7% of outstandings I think. Acquisition related only was about $6 million this quarter. We know we guided you toward $25 million to $30 million for the year, and I think that's probably still a good estimate based on people's projection of the timeline and when expenses will be incurred we should see that accelerate as we get closer to the closing date. You know, so we think that $25 million or $30 million estimate for the overall acquisition and integration is probably still a pretty good number. Not much change in other expense, and the tax rate was in line. We got a little help from COLI but not much. On page 12 of the press release just a couple of other things I want to make sure get on the record here. The record assets under administration of $513.7 billion, a record high. A record high for financial advisors at 6,765 on that page also. Shareholders equity was actually down slightly, really just simply driven by the $144.5 million share repurchase during the quarter about 3.2 million shares. That actually helped EPS by a penny as well, but it kept our capital level relatively flat for the quarter. As a result, the ROE, non-GAAP ROE was 11.2% for the quarter, 10.3% year-to-date so we're over that 11% hurdle but we should start creeping up as we start to get some interest help. On the pre-tax margin side, we did achieve over 15%. But I would tell you that capital markets is lumpy. We've not had good capital markets, we have had good fixed income. We had a really good quarter in tax credit funds, so that bounces around somewhat. But the 12% margin or 11.7% actually that they turned in this quarter as a blend is probably okay, acceptable. But we would like to see some improvement there in the equity capital markets side for sure. Private Client Group came in at 9.4% which is a nice improvement from the December quarter, but still not on double-digits that we would expect particularly with some of the help from the rise in interest rates. And again they are some of the ones that are penalized and helped by some of these costs that we've talked about. The real factor in this particular quarter even though it went up a lot, it would've gone up more, they had not a lot of revenue growth in this segment. And we expect to – I would think we would have a good shot at hitting those double-digit margins for the balance of the year if the markets continue to cooperate. Our capital ratio is actually declined slightly. And that's really just a result of continued balance sheet growth, particularly in the loan portfolio where we didn't have any capital growth because of the share buybacks so you saw. Equity flat on a higher balance sheet which drove the capital ratio, now it is just under 22% total capital ratio now. And the last point I'd like to make is on April 15 as it came due we did retire $250 million of corporate debt that were five-year notes at 4.25 that we issued in 2011. We have not refinanced those. We simply paid them off. So as of today our liquidity has been reduced accordingly. But we're still in very good shape both in capital and liquidity at this point in time. With that I'll turn to Paul for some forward-looking information.
Paul Reilly: Thanks Jeff. As we look forward I think first, record number of that days thanks to the great retention and recruiting, it's going to help drive given a cooperative market at the Private Client Group and certainly for successful on the to be formed Alex. Brown division where so far our signs have been over 90%. That should be a great driver for us. And the Capital Markets area, fixed income has been very consistent and performing very well in this market as is public finance, I think on the year end rankings we are eight, total credit to lead nationally. So, from this a lot of this is driven by our combination with Morgan Keegan which has really been four years ago now believe it or not it has really put us at fixed income public finance business a major player. Tax credit funds had a great quarter but it's a spiky quarter even though we look at them having their best year if you look at the backlog, but it was still a good outlook for the tax credit funds and equity capital markets was the question that’s certainly been better and March and April have been better than March, but I wouldn’t call it robust and especially with energy markets we're going to have to see what happens. So, although it is improved, I would say that's the one business where we see potential headwind still. The asset Management, again our internal platforms will benefit from our strong recruiting as they have been. The Eagle net sales have been very heavy, but we still have experienced net outflows in challenging market. RJ Bank who has had very, very strong growth as you can see, we're looking more for a kind of 10% target looking forward in that growth rate and you know that adding loans, net loans is spiky due to loan payoffs and production, so we expect continued growth. Our energy reserves were now 7% to our total outstanding, so we think our reserves are underlying, but certainly continued low oil prices over time will have to probably revisit that now to price to stay low. I'm sure you will have some questions for Jeff. We've achieved these results while investing heavily in our advisors and client facing platforms. Cyber security, our regulatory systems as expectations continue to increase, it's nice to see that we have this scale to be able to do all of these things kind of simultaneously. It's certainly a challenge and the market is achieving that balance. Since someone may on the off chance asked me about the Department of Labor rule, I will try to comment a little bit ahead of time here. First, this was 1000 page rule, which I would describe as a guideline almost more than a rule. It's very hard to interpret. If you want to oversimplify it in most areas it allows you to do about anything under a bid, but you are up to later suits. And so what you do and how you do it is the thing of considerable thought. Our approach has been to say how can we best serve the clients and keep the flexibility of our advisors to serve our clients and that is a dynamic process. I think if you really talk to anyone in the industry, we have one of the leading law firms, consulting firms who are involved in the trade groups no one really understands the full impact yet. And I'm sure there will be rising costs. We can't give you a number but the other hand there's only so much we can do at the time, and we will just have to reallocate resources and probably move some other projects that we have scheduled in Tech and Ops a little bit later, because as you make changes to one system, it impacts the other systems, so it’s very hard to do it simultaneously. So I cannot really give you a number, I’m sure you’ll ask again, but again we’re dealing with it. We will comply, we will be in process and it won’t be free. But I don’t think it’s going to be earth shattering numbers, but it’s still early at this time. I want to end again by with thanking our advisors in these choppy markets, it’s easy to get distracted and our advisors have done a great job focusing and helping our clients and that’s really why we are in business. And also I don’t do this very often, but thanking the management team in this environment to be able to control costs and grow the business is really quite a feat and I really give them credit. So with that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning everyone.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Devin.
Devin Ryan: Clearly another great quarter here on the financial advisor recruiting front. I’d just love a little more perspective around the outlook and window and anything you can give us on home office visits. And also just kind of layering in around the DOL, as well I’m just curious if you anticipate any change in trajectory or may be a slowdown on the independent side just as these folks are trying to figure out or they’re trying to figure out what the actual real changes in the business will be going forward. So, I’m curious if you think that will create a little bit of an air pocket just in people in motion just trying to figure out what the DOL actually means for their business?
Paul Reilly: So, I would say, Devin, right now as recruiting is off home offices up because these are up everything is up. And just for many, many factors, in fact, the one that’s up the most is the independent contractor channel. So, I would say from mobility of it from advisors wanting to move, it hasn’t slowed down at all. Joins and commits are up and very solid pipeline as good of a pipeline as we’ve ever had. So, we don’t see the slowdown in movement will it get to a point where advisor say well do I want to wait a couple months, this might have to repay for DOL and repay to move, might I wait a little bit? Maybe. But we don’t see that indication now. We certainly are focused when we recruit, I’m looking at books to see how much is IRAs and maybe subject to some change and not, but right now the pipelines look great and all the forward indicators are up, overlapping.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay, that’s great color. And then just one around capital management thought process, you guys have been doing kind of a line on all fronts obviously, Alex. Brown, the recent debt retirement for share buybacks, I’m just curious one, how do you think about excess liquidity capital today? Then two, what are the priorities and are you still looking at thinking about doing acquisitions and how does the pipeline look there?
Paul Reilly: Yes I would say that first we do have the Alex. Brown transaction coming up and we will look at our capital structure and make decisions on how we finance or pay for that. We do have plenty of opportunities in the market. So I would say from a corporate development it’s very positive. We also have a lot on our plate. So we are trying to choose our opportunities very, say sparingly right now because we have a lot of things to deliver and focusing on the DOL impact of just not hurting the business impact and talking about just the process of change anytime you have that you’re going to spend focus on it. So I don’t think our capital structure or guidance has really changed from what we’ve told you before we’ve been pretty consistent on it. We think we can deploy capital certainly in Alex. Brown, we will. And in these markets we always focus on liquidity. Where we think we have good liquidity right now but if we do Alex. Brown and others that gets tighter in liquidity and we’ll make arrangements for that.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Got it. And just a quick modeling thing, so I appreciate the strength in NII and some of the commentary around the first rate hike has all of the benefit of that flow-through at this point? Were there any corporate loan fees in NII I know this can be lumpy. And then just separately just also thinking about modeling, on commissions on a go-forward basis, I’m assuming that the trails should have a pretty nice step up all of equal because of the recovery in markets kind of point-to-point, so just a few of those things I would appreciate it?
Paul Reilly: On your point about corporate loan fees Devin, in the NIM which increased nicely 19 basis points over the prior quarter. And virtually all of that net was driven by the rate hike. There were higher corporate loan fees from the very low December quarter which had a positive impact, but there was also a negative impact that just about offset that from the bank having higher than projected cash balances throughout the middle of the quarter. Not at the beginning or the end, but at the middle of the quarter they – we saw a big influx and flying cash balances that swept through our Bank and they don’t earn very much on cash balances as you know. So that actually dragged down the NIM to sort of offsetting the corporate loan fee increase. So net the increase really was because of the rate hike.
Devin Ryan: Got it. And is that all in – so that fully flow – the full results including the account and service fees?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I would say virtually all the first rate hike is in this quarter, may be a little bit more would come on in the second calendar quarter. But I think from the bank perspective where most of the interest earnings are showing up, I think we guide to a little higher NIM somewhere around this level for the rest of the year. All the factors that I mentioned and they can change, so they can get excess cash, they could have loan fees go up or down, the Fed could move on gross rates again or we could end up increasing rates to clients, it’s a competitive landscape change. So any of those actors can change, but based on where the things are today, I think where was is probably a good level for the balance of the year.
Devin Ryan: And the trails on commissions?
Paul Reilly: Trails, they were actually a little weaker this particular quarter because of mutual fund, I will call the market swoon in the middle of the quarter, as trails are based on average balances for the quarter. So certainly the equity funds – equity-based funds saw a little bit of a decline in trails. So, to the extent that we don’t see another equity markets swoon those could actually recover a little bit from where they were this quarter.
Devin Ryan: Great. Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, guys.
Paul Reilly: Hey Christian.
Christian Bolu: Hello. So, just curious how you’re thinking about the 15% pre-tax margin target? So, I guess the firm is substantially bigger on short-term rates and substantially higher then where they were when these targets were set. So, maybe what’s holding you back from raising that target?
Jeff Julien: Yes, I think on a non-GAAP basis, there was about 15.6% this quarter. I think continuing on the non-GAAP basis, it probably should be in the 16% plus range now that we’ve gotten the benefit of that first rate hike given the magnitude of the benefit we’re seeing. And we would probably shoot for that for the balance of the year. Whether we officially set as a target or not, it’s – certainly our goal is to improve it from here.
Paul Reilly: Given some help in the equity market from capital markets, we should do that.
Christian Bolu: Okay, great. And then on a fixed income business, I feel like I ask one every quarter, but it feels like it just continues to defy what we see at the bigger banks. Curious how you think the market here in here, I think you’ve classified as a B market in your kind of A to D scale. So, where are we just now in terms of the market environment and any thoughts on how – what we can think about in terms of just outlook for that business?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think the outlook in the present market is I don’t foresee any short-term drivers for change. I think you have the big banks who are in the debt origination business which were really not to any degree, certainly have been impacted on the taxable side, the taxables that are certainly off. But the big banks have also, because of the capital requirements, have lowered their inventories. So I think we’re a more go to market which helps us turn in more quickly. And we just have to manage it so that the markets over stop and you have less people with inventories you don’t want to end up with them all. So we think our risk management is very strong and I don’t see any factors right now because the ECB held rates today, I don’t see any factors right now that would say in the short-term we should look any different.
Jeff Julien: One of the things that helped us past quarter was some of the volatility you saw in the tenure bouncing around, which helps activity a little bit.
Christian Bolu: Okay, and is there any sort of seasonality in that business should we think about the first quarter or the March quarter as being stronger or do you foresee just fairly stable trends going forward?
Jeff Julien: Yes, I don’t think there’s seasonality in terms of the first quarter being exceptionally strong.
Paul Reilly: I think the opposite Jeff. Some of these annual costs that creep in.
Jeff Julien: So I don’t – again I don’t see anything that would say, I would look at it. We wouldn’t expect anything different right now and anything can happen. We think we will get continue good performance.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Fair. And then just lastly clean up. On cash management just how much cash do you guys have just now, client cash and what kind of spreads are you getting on the off-balance-sheet cash?
Jeff Julien: We anticipated that we would, just to tell you why we’re off on our forecast and what we’re guiding people to, we were predicting client cash balances around $34 billion to $35 billion for the year. During the March quarter they spiked and peaked at almost $40 billion. They are back to about $38.5 billion as we sit here today. Most of that is in the bank sweep program, our own bank has had an appetite for a lot of it. But on that off – we’re getting in the high 40s in the bank sweep program, off-balance-sheet program.
Christian Bolu: Great, thanks you for the color. Congratulation for strong quarter.
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Steven Chubak: Thank you very much. Good morning, gentlemen.
Paul Reilly: Good morning Steve.
Steven Chubak: Jeff first question I had is, just on the last remark you made on decline cash off-balance-sheet you noted the yield that you’re getting is in the high 40s. Can you remind us where that stood before the initial December rate hike?
Jeff Julien: It was in the high 20s.
Steven Chubak: They are in high 20s
Jeff Julien: They are almost all on floating rate. We basically saw 25 basis point increase in the rate actually 24 hedge funds effective only it went up 24 basis points actually. So we actually saw 24 basis point rise in the earning side when we passed about four basis points, so to the clients so far.
Paul Reilly: I want to get a little color why it maybe a little better than maybe others, the two. We’ve been pretty disciplined about not fixing rates, leveraging the bank with fixed-rate securities and others. We’ve kept it pretty matched floating business compared to others. So those rates came through and frankly we raised rates when the rates came through and no one else did. So, we’ve always said we’ve had two rate rises and most people have done none and we’ve just said well, it’s kind of crazy to be way out in front of the market. And on top of that, balances spiked. So, you add all three together – this sum of what we do is certainly competitively driven and that just ended up, that we ended up with better earnings from that.
Steven Chubak: All right. So with the assuming with next rate hike, how much of that should you expect to retain? I assume maybe to step-up will be more modest just given, but it’s going to be contingent on competitive dynamics? So may be you can give some outlook.
Jeff Julien: I think you look at it and that’s absolutely right that if historically, one of our benchmarks has always mutual funds that will be interesting and the environment would gain some liquidity and all that with who is going to be the competitive rates that are for interest rates. So, we assume at some point the market is going to move and pass it on. And I would guess at the next interest rate hike you’d see that .
Paul Reilly: Yes, looks like the next hike money market funds would actually get off the zero to one basis point train and pass something through to clients but that remains to be seen.
Jeff Julien: So, it would be less. But we certainly would pass larger percentage to clients than we did so far.
Steven Chubak: Got it. And Paul, maybe just one on the DOL, I appreciate your comments on the expense items, some of the color that you've given, I guess what you view is that the greatest potential threat focusing on what some of the potential revenue impacts to be based on the proposal and there has been some discussion around revenue sharing fees, a declining commissions, and maybe as – are there any potential litigants that you also see on the horizon and one that has been highlighted by you guys in the past to be accelerated conversion through higher fee advisory?
Paul Reilly: Yes, even moving to fee advisory is a big under the DOL rule which means you are taking a fiduciary move with your client to put them on a fee-based platform. So there's no free launch on here. And you know frankly people should do what's in the best interest of the clients. So that's fine. We don't object to that. The problem in the rule is you are almost caught no matter what you do. Even the grandfathering is if your account kind of stays where it is, you are grandfathered as soon as you change anything your ungrandfathered. So the rule is very, very complicated. And I think the early assumption by lot of people was the rule wasn't bad than the rule was horrible. The truth is that a little better, and the adjustments and what takes time is not going to come from just the firm. I mean there are going to be changes in client fees and charges. There could be a change in advisor fees and comp, certainly funds will look – I think the funds and the way we do business with each other will change over time too. So those are all the moving pieces that no one knows. I would say, at the end of the day I don't see anyone in the chain, clients what if I so we have to make sure that we're comfortable for the liability we are assuming now that we can on very small accounts whether its worth it. Mutual funds still want to use us as a platform. They are going to be supportive, there is just going to be a change I think across the business on how everybody does business. So and that's going to take a few months to even figure out. Everyone is in dialogue. And I think the first viewed some people's view was everything was going to fall on the company to absorb all these costs and compression and all of this. And I don't think that's the way it's going to work. So we are still a few months away. We are in dialogue with all of our partners. We are examining first how we can serve clients the best and do the best job for them. Secondly, keeping the flexibility of that phase, and third what is the impact to us and our product suppliers and other partners and what's the right way to structure this, so it's fair and it's compliant. For people that have reacted, I know some people have made changes, some this rule was a good excuse to further their platform objectives, and I am not saying that's bad. But it is just fit it right in. And for us our focus has always been on clients and advisor flexibility, and so we're just not going to jump out. We have time to do this right and we will do it right. So I wish I could give more color than that, but that's – we're working very hard. We have a lot of people, a lot of outside help and I think we'll come through and find. I just can't tell you what exactly it will look like. All those things are under threat, yes, they are under threat, but I don't think they are static, it is very dynamic.
Steven Chubak: Understood. There is a lot to digest, so I appreciate the color. And I will hop back in the queue.
Paul Reilly: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Katz of Citigroup.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thanks so much for taking the question this morning. I just want to come back to a couple of sort of math topics and I apologize if I'm not following along. If you look at many other banks across the sector NIMs have improved a little bit, even some of your peers, but not to sort of same magnitude. Can you sort of review your balance sheet a little more in terms of how much is floating rate versus fixed rate, just trying to understand the sequential improvement a little bit better.
Jeff Julien: Are you talking about at the bank level?
Bill Katz: Yes.
Jeff Julien: Of our $16 billion balance sheet, all about $1 billion is floating rate. And then the $1 billion that's not to the extent that its got any significant term to it, I guess we may with some security, but we had anything that goes out very long-term, so we are very insulated from interest rate moves.
Paul Reilly: I mean some of our – Bill, some of our residential mortgage loans we tend to do adjustable-rate mortgages that are five, sevens, and some tens that have – they are fixed for that period, Jeff has referred…
Bill Katz: Yes, sometimes we put in the fixed rate.
Paul Reilly: Yes. But…
Jeff Julien: We’ll see some short-term fix stuff and then longer term fix stuff. Longer-term fix stuff which we call seven years or longer that’s the billion I was talking about. We had a substantial portion of that and then all of the other – the vast majority which is a corporate loan portfolio is all floating rate.
Paul Reilly: And I think that's the route of the Delta when you compare, we're very interest rate…
Jeff Julien: Yes. We have such a high percentage of floating rate loans through deposits versus other banks which have bigger resi portfolios and bigger security portfolios and we know there are – have fixed rate to them we would naturally benefit a little bit more.
Bill Katz: Okay. That's helpful. And then just following up on the provision discussion. I think I heard you said you still provision about the reserve about 7% of the NC book. If you do the math I think that division incremental would be even higher than what you reported at the average level the 9.6. Is there anything reversals elsewhere in the portfolio to bring the net down? I'm just trying to understand that in the concept of bit of a step off criticized loan portfolio.
Jeff Julien: A big – a growing portion of the reserve is qualitative in nature. We did add to the energy but there are other factors in the qualitative reserve that we could like upon and I could quite give you one example without giving any specific numbers is we had a qualitative, a course on a qualitative reserve relates to companies that are most sensitive to rapid rises in interest rates. And six months ago when the Fed was – everybody's – the talk was the Fed was going to raise four times this year et cetera, that was a bigger risk for companies that were more interest rate sensitive but that specter has waned somewhat as we've gone on. So that's an example of a qualitative reserve that we didn't need to have as much allocated to. We also have several credit fund loans payouts in full. There are other improvements in the credit quality. The residential portfolio continues to improve. So there are a lot of factors there to build, but you are right we actually increased our reserves against the energy portfolio by $13 million that outstand to 31.7 million as we reference at 7% of our outstanding. So we feel very comfortable with that we’re on top of that situation.
Bill Katz: Okay. And just last one for me. Thanks for taking all questions this morning. If I still go back to your last guidance on rates it sounds like a lot more questions quarter-to-quarter, where do you stand if you would get a 400 basis points rate has now, what percentage of that 100 basis points you think you have incrementally from here?
Paul Reilly: We have – in our statements right now there's probably 45% of the full amount that we would anticipate from the 100. In other words it not 25, 25, 25, 25 with each rate hike, it is more frontloaded than that based on where we are today. So we have got another half at least to go if they raised by the 400. That number we gave you for the 400 is probably still a good number, 169 is probably a little higher now because cash balances have grown. But that $160 million-ish type number is probably still accurate for the 400 basis – again it depends on what the money market fund rates are and competitor rates at that time. That's still about where we would expect to be. We are just getting further along from the first rate hike than we had anticipated.
Bill Katz: Okay.
Paul Reilly: We are just a little sort of half, I guess is the answer to your question.
Bill Katz: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. Just want to follow-up on a question that was asked earlier about the margin. Thinking about it for the year maybe in the second half, you talked about maybe being comfortable with 16%. Is that a good target even inclusive of what expenses might come out as it relates to DOL and the Alex. Brown integration or would that perhaps SKU you guys hitting that number?
Paul Reilly: For the Alex. Brown integration expenses, we're going to show on a non-GAAP basis, so it is exclusive of those. And you also have to remember what's going to pressure margins – recruiting is absolutely fantastic. But it does pressure margins in terms of our upfront transition assistance and amortization of that. So that continues to grow. We think a great ROE and a great return on investment. So we've got – I think that as a target of 16% is probably reasonable target, but growth in our other growth investments are going to impact that. Our history on – if you look at our few acquisitions, they always take time to get up and running also. And get through the cost of the systems. At Morgan Keegan, we're very heavy per year in terms of staffing and my guess this year will be little heavy also as we get through the integration process. So, I don't think the target Jeff had put out is probably unreasonable, but it's not a layout either.
Jeff Julien: We've got some higher than projected expenses with the DOL and other things, but we also are getting a little more help on the interest and accounting service fees than we had expected. So net-net, I think that's probably a reasonable goal to shoot for.
Chris Harris: Okay, very good. Just the one follow-up from me and that relates to the loan growth. Any commentary you guys might be able to share with us about where you are entering those loans and perhaps what the outlook is for the remainder of this fiscal year for that?
Jeff Julien: Chris, yes, it's been pretty broad over really all of our sectors that you see. And we grew loans in all of our categories residential, securities based lending, our tax exempt business, commercial real estate, and then our large corporate C&I book. So we have grown loans as Paul mentioned 19% year-over-year, we don't expect to grow that rapidly over the next 12 months I think some things in the low double-digit, high single-digits 9% to 11% would be kind of a good target for us for the next 12 months.
Chris Harris: All right. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: I would mention Chris we're expecting some positive growth coming out of the Alex. Brown advisor channel, we are excited about getting ready for that opportunity and we would expect growth in our mortgage banking business and securities-based lending business and our margin lending business too coming out of that business. So it should be very helpful for those businesses.
Chris Harris: Wish all will hit for fiscal 2017?
Paul Reilly: Yes, Right.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Hugh Miller with Macquarie.
Hugh Miller: Hi, appreciate you taking my questions and just wanted to follow-up with Steve at the bank. As we think about obviously asset quality still very sound, but looking at the uptick in MTAs and the criticized loans, can you just give us a sense of what types of credits you are seeing migrating there?
Paul Reilly: Sure. We actually had three full par payoffs in our criticized portfolio of this last quarter that we've downgraded five loans during the quarter, three of which were in the energy sector. So we now have out of the 32 energy loans, eight of them are criticized. That continues to be the largest concentration of criticized loans in the portfolio. There is no other real trends everything else is just unique to the client and company situation is in that portfolio. So still a very good, very good quality on a relative basis. Our level of criticized loans are relatively low still. So yes, continued obviously watch the energy sector in particular very, very closely and try to be very proactive in terms of how we are provisioning against those exposures.
Hugh Miller: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then I guess, sticking with the energy themes as a follow-up. As we think about the potential for eventual consolidation in that space, and we think about your capital markets vertical there, is there anything you are seeing in terms of dialogue with CEOs and companies about just appetite for M&A and concern and just potential demand for that?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think that typically in sectors where you have these issues, there is a bit in the asked and people not trying to hold out and get through as long as they can before they do something or feel like they have to do something. And I think that dynamic is still going on. As you can see there’s been some financings in energy, most recently, so we are seeing for those that are in strong balance sheets, there is some access. And there certainly are some people looking at the consolidation opportunities which gives us M&A opportunities. But I would say that’s – discussions are more active, but it hasn’t really shown too much up in the markets yet.
Hugh Miller: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Doucette with KBW.
Doug Doucette: Good morning, guys. I think most of my questions have been asked. I just have one quick one. In terms of the increase in pre-tax income, is there anyway that you guys can tell us the amount that was attributable just to the higher rate environment?
Paul Reilly: Since we got the first full quarter, I would say somewhere in the high-teens. It’s a little difficult because there is bank growth and client cash balance growth and other things during the quarter, but somewhere in the mid to high-teens.
Doug Doucette: Okay. Thanks.
Paul Reilly: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: Good morning, guys.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Jim Mitchell: Just a couple of questions. With the significant pickup in FA hires over the last few quarters, I mean growth rate – year-over-year growth rate has been accelerating. I guess my first question is there a higher AUM per FA associated with that issue getting into the Northeast? And I guess two, is most of those assets been brought over or is there still quite a bit to go? Just trying to get a sense of what we should think about new AUM flows over the next couple of quarters?
Paul Reilly: Yes. So, first thing the average assets recruited are higher than our existing average in general. And as we to focus more for those who are in the higher end markets either Southwest or Northeast, they tend to be higher-end advisors. But we’re certainly recruiting higher-end advisors in other places too. So, it takes maybe a year for a lot of people to get all of their assets over, good chunk come in the first six months, but if you look at the pipeline we keep recruiting, so I don’t know if there’s any really net changes. People coming in are being – are starting to bring assets over and we have the new recruits starting to bring assets over that pipeline has been pretty steady, it’s slightly rising. So, I think the trend should continue given the market’s cooperation. And I think for the forward-looking quarter, we’ve got those assets and we should get better billings off of those fee-based assets plus the recruiting should give us a good lift if the markets stay okay.
Jim Mitchell: Right. Okay, that’s helpful. And maybe Jeff I appreciate the comments on the comp ratio, you guys are actually lower than the given seasonality expectations, but you guys declined quarter-over-quarter on a comp ratio, is that mostly because the benefits of the rate hikes and should we expect that comp ratio as FICA and other things slow down to trend down from here over the next couple of quarters?
Jeff Julien: Yes. We’re not going to change that 68% target on comp ratio. You are right, I mean the rate hike, there’s both a volume and a rate variance here. I mean, obviously the balances are up both at the bank and client cash balances, but the rate that might help. And as the bank became a bigger part, the banks got a very low comp ratio compared to other parts of the firm. So overall, the mix and the rate hike, now the rate hike is going to be with us for the rest of the year too, but we kind of expect the other parts of the business to pick up on a relative basis to the bank and so I think the 68% is probably still where we would shoot more for the year.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. I got it. Your rate sensitivity does not include the balances from Alex. Brown right?
Jeff Julien: Correct. Because that’s…
Paul Reilly: There’s none here.
Jeff Julien: There will be…
Jim Mitchell: I get it.
Jeff Julien: There will be and that will be fiscal 2017 budgeting issue and how we deal with all of that. But they obviously won’t have much of an impact on the fiscal year.
Jim Mitchell: Right. But there’s still about what $5 billion to $6 billion?
Jeff Julien: They got between cash balances. That’s correct.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. All right. Well, that’s all for me. Thanks, and I guess, and I will see you in a few weeks.
Paul Reilly: Good.
Operator: Your next question its from the line of Daniel Paris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Paris: Hey, good morning, guys. Two areas, I want to focus on around energy and the DOL, I know limited visibility on both but I will try anyway. On the 7% reserve on the energy, well, can you just kind of give us the pieces, what was the outstanding energy of loan balance and are there any unfunded, can you give us the unfunded revolver balance on the earnings look?
Paul Reilly: Yes. Sure, Daniel. The outstanding balance of the March 31 in the energy portfolio is $444 million – I’m sorry, $451 million, excuse me. That’s once again 32 borrowers. Our total commitments came down by $28 million on a quarter and now the total commitment is $742 million. So the difference there is the amount of unfunded commitments.
Daniel Paris: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. So I guess if oil stays where we are today, do you feel like you are fully reserve based on your best estimate or we stay at this level for a long period…
Paul Reilly: I don’t think anyone is fully reserved and oil stays low for a long period of time. So there is certainly companies that are leveraged or asset rich and who are using cash or other things are going to struggle. So I would say if we have sustained oil prices at this level, there will be additions to reserves.
Daniel Paris: Okay. Got it. Maybe if I could shift over to the DOL, I understand that its very early days and very unclear. One area that stood out to me, the DOL was specifically talking about was the ability to kind of pitch for 401(k) rollover business. Can you give me a sense of, A, if you agree with that and B, kind of what percent of your organic growth the past few years have come from 401(k) to higher rate rollovers. Well, first, you are allowed to pitch for 401(k) rollover business. You just fall into the BIC and you enter into a fiduciary position that you have to be giving that advice to rollover in the best interest of the clients. So again if you look at most of the standards it says, you about can do anything as long as it is in the best of the clients and be ready to prove you did. So that’s really what the rule over boiled down says. So certainly it has been an area 401(k) because people do retire and want it managed and rollover. I don’t know if it is a huge percentage of our business, but it is – I couldn’t give a percentage, but certainly it has been a part of everybody’s business. And I don’t think it will go away, the standard has raised. But I think the standard of making sure it’s good for the client is fine. There’s nothing wrong with that. That should be the standard. I guess – I think the DOL in their historic position has had a bias saying that it generally wasn’t in the best interest of the client. I think the new rule basically says we’re not trying to force the lowest fee platforms, but just make sure you’re recommending what’s in their best interest. So, anytime a person goes from not having a fee to having a fee, you can argue, they are biased. I just think you have to prove that it’s a reasonable recommendation in looking at the client. And so it will continue. It’s just I think there may be more liability associated with it, certainly more documentation which a lot of these costs are going to be on process and documentation.
Daniel Paris: Okay, got it. That’s helpful. Maybe just one more. I know you guys tend to be very disciplined on capital in general and acquisitions, just curious if you think the final DOL rule makes it more likely for you to pursue wealth deals for smaller players who maybe will struggle with some of the kind of compliance costs that you’ve just outlined here.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think that’s a potential outcome. And frankly, we like that there are independent firms in the industry. We don’t want to be the only non-big bank owned firm, so – but we look at our costs and certainly any type of layer – layer of regulation really increase costs, especially if you cross the $1 billion, and then you cross $50 billion, you get another level. So it’s certainly – it’s tough on the industry and tough on employers when you have this much regulatory costs, we feel it. And I am sure our friends and competitors, the friendly competitors in other firms who share similar values, it’s got to be tougher on them. So we’re not hoping regulation drives them out of business, but I mean if they make the determination that it’s too costly and they want to join someone who is of like-minded culture for those firms we would welcome them. And I’m not sure that’s a good result for the industry.
Daniel Paris: Got it. Thanks a lot for taking my questions.
Paul Reilly: Thanks.
Operator: We do have a follow up question from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Steven Chubak: Just one quick question for me. I don’t know if you guys have provided, will you expect the step up in FDIC assessment fees to be beginning in the back half of this year?
Paul Reilly: We actually expect ours to be slightly down from where they are. The mega banks are going to be the ones that feel it a little more than us. We will get the step down but down a little bit of us – full step down and partially back up because of our size. So we actually expect hours to drop but not materially.
Jeff Julien: It will be a small number.
Paul Reilly: Yes. A fraction of a basis point or fraction thereof.
Steven Chubak: Okay. So modest step down, but nothing material?
Paul Reilly: Correct.
Steven Chubak: All right. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Paul Reilly: Great. Thank you all very much. I know you had a lot of questions, so we wanted to allow the time. And most importantly, last quarter I know people thought was a little weaker and this quarter a little stronger, but what we focus really on is on long-term. As I said the end of last quarter, which – that all of the indicators recruitment assets were positive. Yes, I feel the same thing about this quarter. I’m not going to takeover believe this is a long-term business and the good news is our forward indicators are positive. We have a great team of people here working hard, and we have to earn it every quarter. So I appreciate your time and interest this morning and we will talk in three months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-10-22 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015. My name is Challis and I’ll be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company’s website. Now, I will turn the conference over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Thanks [Terese]. Good morning and thank you for taking your time out of your busy schedule to join us this morning. We certainly do not take your time or interest in Raymond James Financial for granted. After I read the following disclosure I will turn the call over the Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results, industry or market conditions, demands for our products, acquisitions, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, projects, forecasts and future conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should and would as well as any other statements necessary depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q which are available on the SEC’s website at sec.gov. So with that, I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our CEO of Raymond James Financial, Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks Paul and thanks for that rousing opening to get us all awake and going here. I want to make a few comments over the year and quarter and then I am going to turn it over to Jeff who will go into details and then talk a little bit about looking forward after Jeff’s finished. So let me start with the year, lot of records, record net revenue of 5.2 billion, record net pretax of 798 million, record net income of 502 million or $3.43 per diluted share. Record net revenue for each one of our core segments and record pretax earnings for all of our core segments except Capital Markets which had its second best year ever behind 2014. So if you look at the year in kind of summary, net revenue is up 7%, pretax up 7% in really a difficult market. As one of our directors said on the conference call just another Raymond James year as I believe continue to perform in difficult times. By segment, the private client group segment which ended up with a record number of financial advisors of 6,596 which were also -- is our record net increase excluding acquisitions of 331 advisors over the prior year. That results in almost 225 million of trailing 12 production while keeping our [gradable] attrition less than 1%. And as you know advisor count and growth is a driver of our business, not only does it impact PCG but our Asset Management and Bank segments as well. The strong recruiting results enable us to grow client assets both in the private client group and asset management and despite a 2% to 3% decline in the equity markets; we were up 1% in assets. And as you know from other firms reporting we’re a very small group that was able to grow assets, I think one other so for. Just proves that we continue to gain share by offering a robust platform and keeping this great Raymond James culture. In Capital Markets, little more mixed. On the positive side, record M&A revenues for the year, record tax credit funds syndication fees and a record year on our public finance business. And this is despite the challenging markets that everyone has talked about in fixed income, our institutional fixed income commissions actually increased 15% in 2015 and our trading profits remained resilient especially compared to what we've heard from other firms. On the other hand the equity underwriting was challenging. Industry volumes was down, particularly for us with very strong energy in real estate sectors that which were even harder hit, the weakness caused underwriting revenues to be down 26% compared to last year. And you have to remember as you know that equity underwritings also negatively impacts our institutional commissions which were down 5% despite an increase in over-the-desk commissions. Furthermore decrease in equity underwritings negatively impacts private client group as new issued sales credits in the segment were down 15% compared to 2014. If you add those impacts that underwriting impact was nearly $15 million negative to our comparison in fiscal '14. At the Bank, record net loans just under $13 billion which represented growth of 18.5%, in fact just in the September quarter we grew by almost 8% which should help future results. But as you know in the accounting conundrum of banks as you put on loans you put on loan loss reserves and that 13.3 million impacted short-term results although the credit quality continues to improve. Non-performing assets declined nearly a third now representing 39 basis points of total bank assets versus 46 last September. So overall we were able to grow both net revenues and pretax by 7% and hit almost all of our financial targets. Pretax margin was 15.3% better than our 15% target. Our compensation ratio to net revenues was 67.8% better than our 68% target. And the only target we missed was ROE of 11.5% short of our 12% target and this was driven by our high capital levels which I know we’ll discuss later whether I discuss them or not because you will ask but in the environment we think 11.5% ROE is attractive return for our shareholders particularly on a relative basis and believe overtime putting this capital to work can even elevate that return. Let we touch on the fourth quarter, record net revenues were 1.34 billion, net income of a 129.2 million or $0.88 per diluted share. Record net revenues for private client group asset management and RJ Bank segments and the second best net revenue year for the Capital Markets segment which missed a record by only 537,000 behind the quarter set a year ago September. Pretax margins 15.4% with all segments showing sequential increase in pretax except the bank which again was due to the large loan loss provision. So overall our revenues exceeded expectations in the quarter and we are able to keep our comp ratio below 68% although our expenses did grow faster and that was really driven by two items, to sound like a broken record once again a loan loss provision in the bank and the other is our communication information processing expense of 70.4 million and that was up year-over-year and sequential. And that's attributable really to two factors, as we're continuing to invest in our technology systems which we think has really been paid off in our recruiting and we have increased some of our regulatory systems and [our early] streamline that process as well. In the private client group, recruiting remains very vibrant. We had an 89 net financial advisors which really enforced our investments are paying off. Despite the strong accreting results client assets were down 5% on a sequential basis due to a decline in the equity markets. Before we've seen some recoveries this month but as you know our fee based accounts are built in advanced and the balances are getting in the quarter in those fee based assets such were down 4% which should provide some starting headwinds starting next quarter. In capital market segments all of our businesses performed well except equity underwriting again, in fact M&A and tax credits had record quarters. Asset management, financial assets under management declined by 7%, this was a decline in the market and the market declines particularly were punitive to small in midcap products where we have a focus on equals and we had some outflows in the quarter accentuated by a large loss in the last week of a quarter of an institutional account. Once again this will impact the December quarter to approximately two thirds of managed assets are built in advance based on the balances. So and then at the bank again very solid quarter of growth. I want to remind that we have a very disciplined and opportunistic loan growth. I know it's not growing in straight line and while the production was good this quarter, really the payoffs were significantly down which drove a lot of net growth in the quarter. So I believe a very good evening quarter to a very good fiscal year. And now I'd turn it over to Jeff to provide a little more detail on some P&L items. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thank you, Paul. We appreciate those of you who share your models with us it enables us to put together kind of a consensus model for the quarter which helps us determine which things we need to focus on this call so please continue to do so for those of you haven’t, please adopt the practice because it's help us to know what you're thinking. I'll talk about some of the significant deviations from the consensus expectation model for the quarter and I'm [calling] significant things that are 5% or more away from expectations. Within the revenue section virtually all the revenue items were ahead of expectations with the exception of our largest which is securities, commissions and fees which really showed no growth from the preceding quarter, whereas some growth was anticipated. Again not a 5% deviation but as our biggest line item worthy of mention. That was kind of a result of a mixed bag of items, equity secondary market commissions were up institutionally given the volatility in the equity markets towards the end of the quarter. Fees in the private client group were up as the billing dates was about 2% higher than it was in the June quarter when we built it in the beginning of the September quarter. And then on the negative side fixed income institutional commissions were lower, mutual fund trails which are based on average assets for the quarter and adjusted downward and underwriting which impacted both institutional and private client group was weaker. All in all came at about flat with the preceding quarter. Investment banking came in well above expectations, you can see in some of the detail provided in the press release it was really driven by the strong M&A and record tax credit fund quarter at $20 million, somewhere offset by the client in equity underwriting fees. But very strong in terms of M&A and tax credit fund enough to overcome the underwriting weakness. [indiscernible] profits came in kind of consistent with prior quarters, recent quarters at least, although for some reason perhaps based on others results was projected down or came in pretty much in line with where it had been at little $5 million or $6 million per month and so our fixed income trading has been fairly consistent throughout this market and these market cycles, so nothing spectacular there to talk about, just its continued its current trend. And then in other revenues, again we had some private equity valuation gains that were not projected, this is a little less than the preceding quarter and obviously the preceding quarter had pretty good sized gain from some ARS redemptions that did not recur in this current quarter but nonetheless still a reasonable quarter in the other revenues section. In the expense side most of those unfortunately were also higher than expectations, first I'll talk about -- Paul talked about comp, came in pretty much right on expectations and under our target comp ratio for the quarter and year. Communication info processing came in a little higher than we had thought as well, we continue to incur some consulting fees on numerous projects, some developmental and some regulatory related, we're starting to see the amortization of some of the previously completed projects start to hit the books and when those come online [technically] for purchase software and things like that we end up starting with the maintenance fees as well, so we would -- I mean as Paul talked about going forward we would certainly probably steer modeling towards the current run rate versus where we were in the prior year. On average we were between 66 million, 67 million a quarter last year, with this probably the most recent quarter is more indicative of a run rate going forward for the present time. We talked about the bank loan loss provision. I know we put out the monthly statistics and you saw $300 million in bank loan growth through two months of the quarter and we ended up with $935 million for the quarter. So obviously we had a very big month of September and that caught everybody by surprise in terms of the provision expense related to that growth. But in our way of thinking that's a not bad way, not a bad expense to miss as long as its growth related and not credit related. And we had several other expense categories that were 3% to 4% higher occupancy business development and other expenses and things like that and again we might steer the occupancy is going to creep up as we open new locations as we continue to spread into the west and the northeast. Business development is indicative of the high levels of recruiting that we are continuing to experience and others kind of a mixed bag of a lot of things but again most of those categories we might steer you toward the current run rate as seems somewhat indicative going forward. Couple of other points I would like to mention. We mentioned the comp ratio that was very pleasing to see that under -- well under 68 for the quarter and for the year. Paul mentioned the pretax margins above our targets 15.4 for the quarter 15.3 for the year. Tax rate in this quarter, as you know we had an equity market decline towards the [Audio Gap] Gains are non-taxable and losses are non-deductible in that portfolio. So with the equity losses that elevated the tax rate slightly for the quarter but for the year 37.1% was pretty much in line with the 37% guidance I think we gave at the beginning of the year. ROE Paul mentioned also I think 11.5% for the quarter and for the year the one target we didn’t really achieve and I would certainly add that it was not an R problem it was more of accumulation of E for the year that gave rise to that, as you know we had very good earnings for the year. Our capital ratios which are set forth in the press release remain very strong. Shareholders' equity has now surpassed $4.5 billion for the first time. So that's both indicative of our capital and our liquidity position also remains very strong. I would be remiss not to mention that interest, it didn’t really deviate much from expectations but at a 113.5 million for the quarter, another record for the firm, that's indicative of the past bank growth and going forward we will have additional bank growth of course plus because of the equity market declined toward the end of the quarter we had a lot of customer cash flow in as some people exited the market and reallocated their portfolios to more to cash, cash went up about $3 billion in the last five weeks of the year to a $35 billion number for the firm overall, still just about 8% of private client group assets and that’s indicative of stress times in any way. But that certainly will boost interest earnings going forward even if we don’t get rate increases. And then lastly I think everyone is aware the repurchase of 1.1 million shares late in the fourth quarter which had very little impact on this past reporting period but I have big impact going forward either but we did opportunistically exercise the repurchase committee and that $56 million were the shares at these capital. So with that I have got a list of things, talk about looking forward but I am going to let Paul do that and I will jump if he doesn’t cover everything on my list.
Paul Reilly: Alright. Good Jeff. You are correct, if I don’t get everything on.
Jeff Julien: Addition.
Paul Reilly: Correct me if I am wrong. So little bit kind of outlook into the future. If you look at where we are today first the private client group segment as you guys noticed rides a lot of our business not just that segment but certainly impacts asset management and the bank. Our retention really remains best-in-class and we think our advisors are choosing to stay with us and really keeping this great culture alive. The activity in recruiting remains vibrant. So we came off of our second best year ever in terms of number of advisors best year and net advisors and we see a lot of high quality teams still in the pipeline and I think both our platform is growing across all channels both the employee, independent, our financial institutions divisions and RA divisions, from what we see right now that growth should be very good this year. Approximately 75% of our revenues of this segment are recurring in nature. It's a greater model for advisors and clients but are also dependent on market levels, about 50% of those client assets are exposed to the equity markets and about 50% of PCG security commissions and fees are derived from assets and fee-based accounts. So with the quarter being off 4% in assets December will be a little handicap starting out. Assets grow should recover both from recruiting and hopefully the market but then I will see where that goes. In Capital Markets, M&A and public finance, still very robust, in fact most of one month isn’t a greater indicator but we are off to a good start. We are hopeful that significant additions to our investment banking platform made during the year will start to bear fruit this year also. Our fixed income business continues to generate I think what is exceptionally good results given the market. Of course the big question is what happens to markets in 2016? If anyone can provide us a chart on market volatility, market direction, commodity prices and interest rates, we can be pretty precise on what will happen next year. So given that I think our model is very flexible and we seem to do well in those [tall] markets. Asset management should continue to benefit from our strong recruiting and recruiting momentum and even past recruiting if assets continue to move over from people who have recently joined. Our gross sales have been healthy but net flows were challenged by the cancelation especially of a large account at the end of the year, hopefully that's not recurring. The market decline in September is going to give us some headwinds. Our financial assets under management started the December quarter 7% lower, so that will certainly impact the start of the quarter. Raymond James Bank we believe is well positioned for growth, I think any quarter we try to give you what loan growth is going to be we are on but balances grew 18.5% over last year, portfolio remains strong, credit remains strong, our net interest margins we think are resilient around 3%. And for planning purposes we're looking at low -- I am sorry high single-digit or low double-digit growth say 10% but that will depend on what's available in the marketplace in terms of good quality credits. A lot of people are going to ask about regulatory deal well and despite how active we are and I have to say kind I don’t know the good news on this is we have had almost 400,000 comments as an industry received by Department of Labor as Secretary Perez has openly said last week that he is going to considerably revise the proposal but frankly this is one or two provisions that have the most impact on us and those are changed. They won't have much impact on us, my guess is they will not all change and there will be some impact I just can't tell you what that is until we see the final draft of the re-proposal in January and February. Good news we are seeing to have congressional support on both sides to modify the rule but I think that rule is going to pass in the way it's written no matter what we do from a political standpoint I think Congress will be focused on other bigger fish to fry. On capital, I talked about capital deployment. You know that, that being, we have excess regulatory capital. We have also acknowledged we want to use it to grow our business. We have been active looking for things that have first a good cultural fit; second, a good strategic fit. But we will only pull the trigger if it's also good economics for shareholder. Our goal isn’t to be bigger; it's to have to invest our capital wisely for good shareholder returns. We have also said we would be prudent in the use of excess capital and you could see this quarter we did our first opportunistically purchase of about 56 million of common shares which is basically our first opportunistic purchase after financial crisis. Our management team and our Board specifically proactively manages and we discuss in our point cases. So kind of in rollup I am kind of proud of what our advisors and associates did for the quarter. I think it was a good result and we know that there may be challenging markets ahead of us but while as we focus on the clients and their wellbeing which has been the history of Raymond James it ultimately that will be payoff for our clients, our associates, advisors and our shareholders. So Jeff I don’t know if you have any other corrections or additions before I turn it over to questions?
Jeff Julien: A couple other additions, thanks. Was looking forward, we had another very, very good year in private equity gains; we had about $48 million. Certainly I don’t think we should expect those levels to continue going forward, so I counsel people to be cautious on what they project there. We really think the growth going forward is going to come from our core business segments. We added a lot of headcount in ECM and certainly in private client group that we think will become productive here this coming year as well as the bank loan growth kicking into interest earnings and coupled with the bank loan growth with these elevated cash balances which if the market recovers may moderate somewhat but should be -- should average the year quite a bit higher than they did in the preceding year. So even with -- gain without boost in short-term interest rates we should continue to see improvement in the net interest income lines.
Paul Reilly: Thanks [Jonathan]. Terese let's turn it over to you for questions.
Operator: Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Steven Chubak: So, I wanted to spend a little bit of time to talking about the excess capital question which I know comes up on every single call, but Paul I know in the last update or one of the more recent updates that you've given, you talked about really liquidity being the constraint on capital return and you noted about that you retained excess of above 400 million or so. I just wanted to understand is that a regulatory constraint or is that a self-imposed constraint that you're managing to?
Paul Reilly: Well, a little of both, I mean our self-imposed into that the extent that we don't go to the regulatory minimums, we've always tapped the excess capital to save above regulatory minimums, but that's the number that we feel we can freely invest without any strain on our liquidity or operated model.
Steven Chubak: Okay, so in the context of some of the ratios that we found on liquidity side that the banks are managing too and I recognize you guys are in a CCAR bank specifically, but I know liquidity coverage ratio is something that many banks refer to, I didn't know if you guys knew where you stood on a metric like that, given your balance sheet composition to that.
Paul Shoukry: Hey Steve, its Paul Shoukry, yes we are, as you said are not required to disclose it publicly but as you know some of the rating agencies look at that so we do look at that internally. We're not going to disclose it publicly, I don't think it's still a requirement but as you can imagine we are well above the 100% kind of requirement that the big banks are held to. So, I guess that's all I'll say on that.
Jeff Julien: And let me add to this, when you look at capital, I mean if we're purely a bank, we wouldn't be operating at these capital levels, so I think that you have to recognize the broker dealers have significantly more capital fluctuation, I mean liquidity fluctuation than banks typically do in stress periods, whether -- on banks. So, you got to be careful applying pure bank ratios to a broker-dealer from.
Steven Chubak: I understand, and well Paul one of the things you have referred to also in the past is that the management team itself is also tied to ROE target. So, are you sure you that your intentions are properly aligned with the shareholders. I don't know if you guys have -- if you can remind us what those ROE hurdles are today?
Paul Reilly: Yes, we've talked about them before, our long term one has always been 15% in these markets, they've been 12% and so this year, our ROE, our restricted stock will be unhinged by 11.5% versus 12%, it's an index scale, so we are aligned but again I think this management team looks long-term and view is still we can put the capital [rework] and we'll see if we can otherwise we'll have to figure out a way to return it to shareholders, but that our 12% target has been the target the board has set the last couple of years given the environment and I doubt they'll reduce it.
Jeff Julien: When interest rates are what we call a more normal level that target will increase probably back to the 15% level.
Steven Chubak: And then just one more final one from me and apologies if I missed this in the prepared remarks, but I did see as a financial service fees, I know that there's a seasonality component there and if they come in, if it's stronger than expected. I didn’t know if you could speak to what drove some of the strengths in the quarter and how we should be thinking about that heading into your next fiscal first quarter?
Paul Shoukry: That bounces around from quarter-to-quarter as you know, just depending on accruals of fees from mutual fund companies and other type of fees, for example client transaction fees and fee based accounts were up this quarter just given the market volatility, so that, that bumped up that line item for the quarter. So, there are a lot of different items in that line item, so it's hard to kind of isolate any one single item but we do know for example client transaction fees were up this quarter just given the heightened market volatility.
Paul Reilly: So, some are asset based, some are account based like [IRAC's] and things like that, just based on having an account or small account fees, we actually have to fee for accounts that are under economic level for us to maintain and some are asset based. So, it's kind of a mixed bag over the fees in that line item, plus the fees from the mutual fund that he's talking about are constantly trying to put new mutual funds on [anonymous] platform which is higher revenues to us and constantly renegotiating the contracts that we have in place with existing funds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Will Katz with Citi.
Brian Delly: Hi, this is actually Brian Delly filling in for Will this morning. How's it going? So, I guess coming back to the capital discussion, just wondering what your appetite is for the deals and maybe how we should think about the size and then some recent news article about recently as well I'm not sure if you can speak to them.
Jeff Julien: Yes. First we never talk to rumors about us or anybody else, so I can't speak to those but the size is almost irrelevant to the quality of the yield first. Morgan Keegan was our best acquisition in history kind of by a long shot which is a $1 billion that was a big deal for us. So we tend to do things that are more modest and they have to be cultural fit, strategic fit and then price, so we actively are in the market, we have a corporate development function we talk to a lot of people, we've talked about a lot of focus on asset management as an area and some M&A. So we're active and we want to deploy capital but only if it has a good fit, so we are not going to spend it just to be bigger. And we’ve been consistent on that, so we do believe we can deploy it on the right opportunity when we find it, but we just haven't found that opportunity yet.
Brian Delly: Got it. And then can you give us any indication to activity levels into 4Q in particularly around [PCG maybe client flows].
Jeff Julien: [Client flows] have been pretty steady, I think they were down 1% on the equities, so that latch was last month I think it was the month before when I saw the report but that's valuation driven alone, but it's actually during the big sell off, I forget how long ago it was now in August that I was actually surprised pleasantly that client selling market advisors did their job of not having people panic. So I haven't seen any huge movement in client flows.
Paul Reilly: I think if you look at overall flows we don’t calculate that necessarily for all PCG client assets but one proxy for that is the flows into the nondiscretionary fee based accounts in the asset management segment which serves our private client group segment. We haven’t finalized those flow calculations for this quarter yet but for the first three quarters of the fiscal year they were annualizing at around 15% or 16% flow for those nondiscretionary assets in the asset management segment.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: I apologize if I missed this earlier. But can you give us some color on the pickup in the criticized loans. I know last quarter you talked a little bit about that having some impact from [indiscernible] but just wondering that why we're continuing to see that and if it's just a function of loan growth?
Steven Raney: Hey, Joel. Steve Raney, good morning. There was not really a general theme, we had some upgrades in the quarter where we had three corporate loan downgrades that drove the increase in criticized loans, they were in different industries, so several themes as you we review each credit on a quarterly basis and we see a deterioration in performance we proactively downgrade into that and that reserves so accordingly.
Joel Jeffrey: And have you seen any degradation in the energy loans that you made and can you give us a sense again for the size of that or the portion of your portfolio?
Steven Raney: Yes, Joel. That portfolio has been pretty stable over the last few quarters and this quarter is consistent with that as well top $450 million in loan outstandings in across a broad spectrum in the energy space. As we've communicated before we've really shy away from I would say the more risky and many of the loans that have been criticized at some of the other banks and the expiration and production [E&P] faced really have one credit in that sector and actually there is no loan outstandings to that investment grade borrower so it's a very broad and cross section many of those loans are to -- what we think is less risky, less volatile and less susceptible to the true commodity price risk where there are more midstream nature take or pay contracts are in place. We watch that very closely, we had added reserves really kind of across the board in that sector despite what we think is actually a well-constructed portfolio. One of the criticized loans that got added in the quarter I mentioned three one was in the energy space.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then in terms of just the pick-up that we saw in the tax credits syndication revenues, is that just the seasonal thing but does seems to be a bit higher than what we've seen even in recent past quarters.
Jeff Julien: It's seasonal when it closes because when funds close we get the fees and they are just doing really well, we believe we are the largest syndicator of tax credit funds right now that's not syndicating them for internal use in banks and its doing well and its backlog is very-very good. They are very good at what they do. But it is lumpy.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then just lastly from me and again if you have mentioned this before I apologize but I think last quarter you described the public finance pipeline as exceptional, is it that still the case given the rates you haven’t pushed out.
Jeff Julien: Yes, the public finance has been really had the just their strongest quarter this last quarter and backlog looks good in the particularly the M&A backlog looks very good, healthy even stronger so.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Hugh Miller with Macquarie.
Hugh Miller: Good morning. Couple of questions I guess one first one the PCG we were hearing about kind of a large peer that was considering kind of a garden leave clause in their pay plan for 2016. I was wondering, are you guys seeing any benefit on the recruiting side for the pipeline because of that or brokers from that business kind of considering make me a change or is that not been impactful at all?
Paul Reilly: I think that I know that someone was considering it; I don't think it’s been done. But anything like that is great for us, so we can add a garden leave provision except that we tell the advisors, they own the assets, they can leave anytime they want. So, it’s not pretty attractive for us. But anytime we see competitors trying to put in clauses like that or what I call so institutionalize accounts by indirectly pushing products, or product goals for managers, it’s all been great for us and great for our recruiting because we’ve been boring and have kept the same kind of attitude and platform throughout our history of the -- that the advisors own the clients and that we’re here to help them. So I can’t specifically address that one. I’ve heard it come up that recruits from places that there’s been discussion. And certainly it doesn’t hurt us when they do that.
Hugh Miller: Am I thinking about it correctly, initially you potentially see a benefit as people re-explore their options. But I guess I would have to think that it would be extremely difficult to them transition your book of business once that was in place; for the longer term, does that -- could that create a meaningful headwind for people having a flexibility to pick and choose and move to new locations?
Paul Reilly: Sure, if it was instituted well and people had to sit out, I don't know for how long and people actually sign the agreement and there wasn’t an out because they changed pricing and fees in such a way that was a change in contract or we can go on and on and on and on. So hypothetically, yes. Just like some institutions thought we’re giving 250% retention bonuses would anchor their advisors down. When those came off, that hasn’t been the case. So, I would say theoretically, yes. One, I don't know if they can implement it without a revolver; and secondly, what they do, what the terms or breach or changes would be. So conceptually, it would be something that helps people stick, hasn’t helped a lot in investment banking which is common in Europe to have those for a long time; it’s worked its way over here. But in the private wealth, I think it would be a barrier people can successfully put them in.
Hugh Miller: Got it, that's interesting color on the dynamics there. It’s helpful. And then shifting to couple of questions on the bank, obviously we saw very strong growth on CRE and CRE construction. I was wondering if you can talk about if there is one of those two that was seeing stronger demand. And you also mentioned the impact of kind of lower prepays -- or repayments during the quarter. Can you just help us quantify the differential in the net loan growth and what that difference was between new originations versus slower repays?
Steven Raney: Yes, good morning. It’s Steve Raney again. The real estate growth is really split, really evenly between our loans to REITs and then loans to individual projects. As it relates to the repayments in the quarter and the growth, we actually only made about 250 million more in loans in the September quarter versus the June quarter. And as Paul alluded to the pay off and the run off in the September quarter was substantially lower. Part of that run off in the June quarter that was maybe our highest ever, was somewhat self-imposed. There was a very large wave of re-pricings in the market. And some of those loans we just decided to exit because we didn’t think that going forward rate was the appropriate interest rate that we should be earning on that for that asset net the risk. So, our runoff was down. The annualized runoff in the corporate portfolio in June was 44% and this quarter last quarter was about 15%, which was actually abnormally low; it’s usually about 25%; that's what we’ve seen historically over the last few years. So highly unusual; I have two quarters linked together that were that different in terms of runoff amount? But that drove the substantial increase in loan growth for the quarter. Although we grew loans in all categories, our residential mortgage business, -- tax exempt loan business, growth in all categories.
Hugh Miller: One other, what are you guys seeing I guess in terms of the Canadian operations relative to the U.S.?
Paul Reilly: A tale of probably two businesses up there to the private client group that’s doing good recruiting and margins are holding and similar margins actually here, which is unusual; I think it’s unique to our competitors in Canada. And the investment banking business, obviously it has been challenge in the commodity based economy. So, we see a little bit of improvement but obviously at the tougher market we’ve -- building an M&A practice there, which we haven't had a specific one, recruited a leader last year and continuing to hire in a market where you can hire people. So private client group, we expect to see some continued growth and the investment banking I guess, although will be better when through a challenging period.
Hugh Miller: And then on the IT or on the expense side, you mentioned that some of the regulatory items were driving up some of the IT investment and also some of the consulting fees. Can you help us quantify that and as we think about heading into next year, should we continue to see an acceleration of that investment or should that level off?
Paul Reilly: We think -- Jeff I think said earlier that the run rate is probably a good rate, I think somewhere between we were in that number, but I would urge the number we’re running at.
Jeff Julien: There are no shortages of projects, it’s just a matter of how many we can undertake at once. I think the most recent quarter’s probably a good run rate to use going forward. We can control enough and not let it accelerate much from there.
Hugh Miller: And then you mentioned that there seems to be a handful or very key provisions within the DOL proposal that would make kind of the most meaningful impact. Obviously you mentioned that you’re uncertain which way they’re going to go with those. But can you just help us understand the handful that you feel are the most important to focus on have the largest impact on clients and the industry?
Paul Reilly: First, the big exception for product commissions is the way it’s written; it’s almost unworkable for a lot of sized accounts. I think the DOL is focused on that. The concern is even if they adjust it, do they really understand the impact since they’re not in the securities business for a living. But do they really understand the impact it’s going to how on the broker dealer; can we work under it? The other is that level fees is certainly there has been a discussion DOL is that to be level across the firm for all products, which if you look at trails and on the bus and omnibus and all the fees associated with mutual funds, it’s more complex especially around share classes, there has been some discussion that that may imply only to the advisor level, certainly a lot easier to deal with and dealing with across the firm. Also an implementation timeline of this about eight months, which is almost impossible to rely on some of exemption, because our fund families tell us, they can’t provide the information, much less, thus providing that in the detailed format they want. So those are probably the provisions on overall basis. To the extent all of those are workable, that’s great; to the extent that they are better, but at the end in order to comply with the exception, you have to do most of the work anyway has the bigger impact.
Hugh Miller: And then last for me, you guys mentioned I guess about seeing with any asset management segment kind of a substantial client loss of assets, maybe someone moving those assets. I think you mentioned an institutional account. Can you just give us a sense of what was driving that decision and was it all in one particular fund?
Paul Reilly: We have a great relationship or we’ve have great net flows and we had some outflows this year. I mean that’s kind of a normal course of business. We have the Eagle Boston last year that group left and we had half those assets that had an impact. And then we had a client that just in the end of the year, a 20-year client focused on the small and mid-cap shut us to go with different manager, so that was probably the more surprise but that happens. And we get good surprises and bad surprises. We just had a couple surprises going against us in the last month at the end of the year. I’m sure a term notice was probably the harder one. But I think fundamentally the business is in good shape and we had good strong flows until that happened. So we just have to keep chipping away at it. And we’re certainly institutionally in lots of proposals and if couple of those come through, it’s good and if you lose some, that’s bad. And that’s part of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: Good morning, guys. Could we maybe just talk a little bit about operating leverage? I think recruiting over the last two quarters has I guess probably been the strongest since the merger or acquisition of Morgan Keegan. And we’ve seen obviously investment spending upfront is pretty high and so revenue growth. Earnings growth has been slower than revenue growth as expenses have grown a little faster. So, how do we think about the payback next year? You mentioned that recruiting still remains very vibrant. Does that mean we still are going to have to wait for returning to positive operating leverage at least, how do we think about I guess that dynamic of investment spend versus return?
Paul Reilly: I think we can't give you expense guidance, what we can give you is the market guidance. So generally in a flat market alone recruiting should drive growth. So, what happened this quarter obviously is a big drop in the market. The recruiting -- it’s hard to recruit at those levels to overcome that kind of market adjustment, even though they’ve recovered some this month. So, our view if the market grows at some kind of rate, our recruiting should drive good numbers. If we continue recruiting pace but the market continues to fall obviously, we can't overcome that since half the assets are tied are influenced by equity markets. So, that's the challenge that's protecting the market. So, we're kind of keeping our operating targets the same right now and as the market is really good we'll do better, interest rates rise, we'll do a lot better, if the market goes down it's hard to chase it, but we'll be above of a lot of people. Now a lot of the operating expenses too, we can cut costs, I mean we haven't at this point we've chosen to kind of keep the numbers we'd given you but certainly if the market goes down we have 68% of our revenues that you can see are variable pretty much are in most businesses and certainly we could cut back on a number of initiatives to save cost, but we haven't pulled that trigger yet.
Jeff Julien: Tim, I would say that in a flat equity and interest rate environment for the next year that -- if we recruit at the same level as we did this year we should see some pretty modest operating leverage improvement. And this is not true just in PCG, I mean capital markets had some significant hiring this past year as well and those people have not yet been as productive as they should be in the coming year. Because we do have a lot of -- some, we do have a fair amount of fixed cost that we should gain some operating leverage on but given the scale -- be fairly modest again in -- under those assumptions, also with the help from the equity markets or interest rates either one, we'll do much better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Security.
Devin Ryan: You've always been very disappointed around deal, and I know there's a very high bar internally and you spoke to cultural and strategic and financial thresholds but when you think about the financial attracting this as a deal, what metrics are you guys looking at or is there a hurdle rate or how should we think about what makes the deal attractive financially?
Jeff Julien: Our goal is always to generate a 15% ROE and that's under -- reasonably conservative assumptions we want to be able to bring the business integrated and generate that kind of return of our investments so, I know lot of people will go a lot lower saying it's a strategic initiative or that revenue synergies are going to create all sorts of stuff, we tend not to do that, we're pretty -- look at the cost, look at realistic retention rates and what we can grow the business and if we think we can generate a return and its strategically fit we'll do it. We're just not [well on the rope] [indiscernible] hope. So, I don't think our returns are out of line but we're not trying to shoot for 25% ROE but we're pretty fairly conservative in the assumptions and there's a good business we can grow and we can hit that 15% plus target, it's something we'll do.
Devin Ryan: Maybe just shifting back to the recruiting momentum, is it still primarily wire houses or you can give us any sense of the mix over the past year or so kind of how has much has been wire houses versus other independent and the trailing production, [are not seeing] yet in results for the trailing production of the [financial advisors] have been hired. How does that compare to the existing -- call it average production of the platform?
Jeff Julien: Primary driver is wire houses and it seems to move around that -- that the one with the honors tends to move a little bit and in the last year we've had one that's been significantly better, I am not going to name names, but and seems to continue to provide us opportunities as they make changes. But the independence, in the independent channel we've had more from non-wire houses that's increased, but the significant driver has been kind of wire house. The averages have continued to stay over our averages. So, they've been that and the increase in average production as you've seen in the improvement, I think it's driven by both our advisors becoming more productive and are recruiting to be above our averages.
Devin Ryan: And maybe a last one for Steve, with respect to the net interest margin in the bank and you maybe speak to some of the puts and takes in the outlook. You had a great quarter of loan growth, so how will that play on the forward NIM relative to -- obviously [indiscernible], so I'm just trying to put that all together to think about whether that interest margin maybe goes from here in the near term and then kind of longer term deal.
Steven Raney: [Technical Difficulty] in some stabilization I think and we -- hopefully that's going to continue and as I've mentioned even in the prior quarter we're going to be really disappointed around it and if we have to forego some opportunities because margins -- in the right that are being afforded to us are acceptable we'll have to take some path on some loans. So that being said right now we're pretty encouraged by what we see in terms of the stabilization after a period as you know of pretty significant compression. So, right now pretty stable outlook at least for the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Dan Paris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Paris: Hey, good morning guys. I just wanted to get maybe your updated thoughts on growth of the bank and onboarding of the excess client cash. I noticed this quarter in particular there were some good growth in securities book, I'm sure some of that is mark-to-market but I wanted to know if we should read that as you are getting more comfortable deploying cash and securities essentially extending duration.
Jeff Julien: Let me first -- we're doing a little more at the bank but we do not believe it’s a good play to leverage our balance sheet and the securities and take a lot of interest rate risk and create more leverage in the bank and we saw that movie in '09, we're glad we weren't in it, and that we could watch it, we couldn’t totally watch it, we had the few chapters ourselves, but we stayed out of it, the big theme. And we know we can do it, we know we can increase leverage in the banks, we know we can get some positive margin short term by taking some modest securities duration risk and we just try to stay neutral on interest rates to the extent we can and we're not interested in doing that, we'll be doing a little more of it and I call it very modest it's not a strategy that inflates the balance sheet and onboard cash and try to leverage up the balance sheet.
Daniel Paris: Got it, that's helpful. And then maybe a follow up, so I want to hear your thoughts on what's the right way to think about the loan loss provision from here. I mean it seems like the reserves the loans have held pretty stable. Should we just assume the provision it's time to plug in that equation or if credit remains benign, can we expect that kind of reserve ratio to migrate downwards?
Paul Reilly: Well as the balance sheet mix stays about the same as it is I think the 130 basis points type of reserve levels going to be pretty consistent if we slowdown the commercial production side and some of the mortgage and [SPLs] become a little more dominant, they may dip downward a little bit but as far as based on our production estimates going forward I think the mix will stay about like it is, but I'd say 130 is about correct.
Daniel Paris: Okay, got it. And then maybe just last one from me. So I want to make sure I have the message right on the non-comp side obviously you are investing heavily in the business which is good for the long term growth, I just want to get a sense of how kind of quickly you can turn on or off those investments depending on the revenue back drop. I know the risk can we get kind of non-comp leverage regardless of the revenue backdrop?
Jeff Julien: Yes. We are not going to -- we can if we thought there is marginal compression but is a good strategic initiative, we know we don't operate quarter-to-quarter in our strategies, so we are not going to do it. If there is a bigger downturn in the market we'll be much more aggressive about it and so our view is I know you guys have to focus on quarter-to-quarter, we're kind of focused on the year and five years and building a franchise and value for the shareholders, [but it's not] my quarter so I would imagine in our numbers with our anticipation as that we're giving your guidance because we are not going to react to this the one quarter of margins. If we think there is a continued trend or continued cut, then we will react as we have in the past.
Steven Raney: Yes. We went [indiscernible] went through this in the '08, '09 period and as we definitely have room to honker down if that came to that and there is a whole lot of things you can do, but they do impact at the levels of service or the levels of investment that you are making and the platform or as delaying projects or doing things and then God forbid you sample trips or conferences and you started being the culture to some extent. So we're very cautious to do any of those things.
Jeff Julien: We think a lot of the our success especially on large teams and some of the teams in our pipeline are the largest teams we've ever recruited is a direct function of being able -- or a platform now. The technology platform will put up against anyone, it's not perfect and that thing with the best in all areas, but it's certainly from an advisory standpoint at the top of the class. So we are not going crazy, if we went by [refresh] from the business units that number would be a lot higher, so I don’t want you to think it's not managed, we think it's balanced. But we could delay or slow projects and not all the projects are productive, some go discounting nature and other things that you have to do to run your business, but they don't impact the business, but most of our business [indiscernible] we can adjust a lot of numbers if the market comes down are right now [our intention] is to kind of stick with our run rates and think it's a good bet based on what we feel right now.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. I know this call is running long. I really just had one question and it's on the recruiting and PCG. When you guys are talking to your advisors the new advisors that have locked in on boarded, what are the biggest reasons those advisors are giving you as to why they are joining Raymond James. And then I'm curious have those reasons changed at all over the last couple of years? Thanks.
Jeff Julien: I would say the reasons, the consistency is culture in the way we treat advisors. And more than anything, I would say one of the big -- if you look at the -- so, that's being consistent, what's changed there too especially bank based advisors fee or like our institutions or trying to compete more and more with them and dictate how they do business, [we ever proceed] but they feel that the multi-channel approach and product kind of as they feel push has accelerated in terms of people looking to us an open platform that doesn't do any of that. The second Pete, is technology I think that's the change -- we always had very good technology for the little market advisor. I think today we have excellent technology for the high network advisor, I am seeing these large teams. So, that difference has been a big differentiator in the influence also. So, I'd say it's a lot of the same with some additional tools that's made the difference to bring people over.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Andrew Del Medico with Autonomous.
Andrew Del Medico: You mentioned the two discussions around level fees at the advisor and the firm level, is the way you guys read the rule currently, do you see that's being [indiscernible] at the firm level or the advisor level?
Jeff Julien: No, it's a certainly the way that rule was written, was arguably above. I think the clarification is it wasn't meant to be as constraining and we don't know the answer yet, until we see the revised rule, so I would say that the deal well has a had a lot of meetings and discussions with us, but the fear was that it would apply to both four IRA accounts.
Andrew Del Medico: And I guess, if it doesn't change -- how would that impact on some -- that you mentioned a lot of the revenue streams that you see with the mutual funds, on how that impacts that and I guess are there any offsets you could use the way you sell to clients etc. on to regain those?
Jeff Julien: Yes, I think what it would have to be -- funds are also very concerned. I mean this wasn't a broker dealer versus funds, both sides were against us and I think that what you're going to see are new product classes and from our internal asset management from funds that meet the requirements for IRA. So, it would I'll call a little bit of retooling for both sides in order to meet the strict definition which could be done, it won't apply to all their products but the products [sold to] IRA accounts. But that remains to be seen, we understand that from our discussions that that's going to be lessened and not be an issue or as much of an issue but I can't tell you until we see it.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'm not showing any further questions.
Jeff Julien: Well, great. I know it's a lot going on especially at year end and a volatile quarter in the marketplace but net net we think we've got a very solid year and a good quarter given the market and we -- the most important thing as our advisors are growing, our loans are growing, assets were down, but that's really a markets phenomenon for the most part and we're very confident that with any kind of reasonable market that we'll continue to leverage this platform and with a great work of the great advisors to keep the culture here up. I'm very positive so, that's to your time, we really appreciate your interest and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks Terese.
Operator: You're welcome. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. I thank you for your participation that does conclude the conference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives Jim Getz - Chairman, President and CEO Mark Sullivan - Vice Chairman and CFOAnalysts Matt Olney - StephensMichael Perito - KBWJohn Moran - MacquarieBryce Rowe - Robert W BairdOperator Good morning, everyone and welcome to TriState Capital Holdings’ conference call to discuss the financial results for the three months ended June 30, 2015. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.Before turning the call over to management, I would like to remind everyone that today's call may contain forward-looking statements related to TriState Capital that may generally be identified as describing the company's future plans, objectives, or goals. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those currently anticipated. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For further information about the factors that could affect TriState Capital's future results, please see the company's most recent annual and quarterly reports filed on Forms 10-K and 10-Q.You should keep in mind that any forward-looking statements made by TriState Capital speak only as of the date on which they were made. New risks and uncertainties come up from time-to-time and management cannot predict these events or how they may affect the company. TriState Capital has no duty to and does not intend to update or revise forward-looking statements after the date on which they are made. To the extent non-GAAP financial measures are discussed in this call, comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations can be found in TriState Capital's earnings release, which is available on its website at tristatecapitalbank.com. Representing TriState Capital today is Jim Getz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Jim will be joined by Mark Sullivan, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer for the question-and-answer session.At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Getz.Jim Getz Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We’re proud to report the achievement of the significant milestone at June 30, 2015, with TriState Capital Holdings reaching more than $3 billion in assets. While we've grown dramatically since our de novo formation in 2007, our entrepreneurial culture and laser focus on achieving results for shareholders and our niche market clientele remains unchanged. We’re also very pleased to be able to report record pre-tax earnings and net income to our shareholders, particularly one though, the result of strong contributions by all three of our business lines, private banking, middle-market commercial banking and investment management. Earnings per share grew more than 11% from the linked quarter to $0.20, thanks to continued topline growth, supported by further improvement in the bank's credit quality. Together, our banking and investment management businesses generated $26.2 million in total second quarter revenue, an increase of nearly 3% from the linked quarter and more than 6% from the year-ago period.Non-interest income, including $7.5 million of Chartwell investment management fees represented more than 36% of total Company revenue compared to an average of about 26% for $1 billion to $5 billion asset commercial banks. Net interest income increased to $16.6 million in the second quarter, driven by robust loan growth over the year-ago period. We continue to grow net interest income while maintaining high levels of floating rate loans, at 83%, and what we believe to be one of the most highly asset sensitive balance sheets in banking. Our internal model demonstrates that 100 BP interest rate shock would result in a 5.25% increase in net interest income conservatively assuming a simultaneous rate increase of loans and deposits. Overall, we've expanded both private banking channels and commercial lending, driving 16% growth in total outstandings even as we worked to have $82 million in private equity backed shared national credits eliminated over the past 12 months. Private equity backed shared national credits totaled less than $77 million or 3% of total loans at the end of the second quarter. That's a 52% drop from one-year period, when they totaled $159 million or 7% of total loans.Excluding the $82 million in run-off of private equity shared national credits, commercial and industrial lending would have increased by 3.1% over the last 12 months, this reflects our focus on high-quality strategic commercial and industrial relationships which are mutually beneficial for the bank and our customers over the long run. Together, private banking and commercial lending drove total loan expansion in the quarter that readily supports our goal of achieving long-term compound annual growth rate of 15%. Over the past 12 months, the loan portfolio reflects a substantial amount of activity. Our net loan balances were some $2.2 billion on June 30, 2014. Between 2014 and 2015, we originated some $788 million of loans, we had loan payouts of some $386 million, we had net loan paydowns in lines of credit of some $48 million, providing us at the end of the day with a change in net loan balance of some $354 million. Over the past 12 month period of time, our commercial and industrial loans were down 9%, commercial real estate was up some 28% and private banking some 27%. Our profitable loan growth of 16% year-over-year also continues to meaningfully outpace the industry which experienced median year-over-year loan growth of just 9% as of the end of the first quarter of this year.Our private banking channel loans continue to be sourced primarily from our growing network of financial intermediaries, which now numbers 106 firms nation-wide. These firms give us access to more than 50,000 individual financial advisors. Today, we are doing more than $1 billion in private banking channel lending with fewer than 2% of those financial advisors. We are just scratching the surface of the growth potential within our existing referral network.In terms of asset quality, our strong credit metrics improved even further during the second quarter of 2015. TriState Capital’s non-performing loans continue to improve and remain well below the industry average as a percentage of total loans. Our non-performing loans were 0.98% of loans at June 30 compared with to an average of about 1.5% for $1 billion to $5 billion asset commercial banks. TriState Capital’s non-performing loans declined from $28 million one year ago to $25 million at June 30, 2015. Adverse rated credits declined by more than 30% from $81 million one year ago to $57 million at June 30, 2015. Adverse rated credits represented just 2.2% of total loans at the end of the second quarter, compared to 3.7% one year prior. Provision expense for the second quarter came in at $185,000 or 3 basis points of average loans annualized. Year-to-date provision expense was 9 basis points of average loans annualized. The trend of our recent provision expense reflects the change in the complexion of our loan portfolio over the past 24 months, which is a much higher percentage of the portfolio in loans secured by marketable securities. We anticipate that this trend will continue. Moving on to funding, TriState Capital Bank increased deposit balances by nearly 15% to $2.6 billion at June 30, 2015 compared to one year prior. Time deposits represent 34% of total deposits. During the second quarter, we extended the term of time deposits in anticipation of the rising rate environment, moving average durations to their highest level since 2012. The duration for all fixed rate deposits was 306 days at the end of the second quarter compared to 186 at the end of the last year and 218 days on June 30, 2014.Time deposits with maturities of 12 months or more increased to 28% of total time deposits from just 14% six months ago. Our average cost of deposits increased 2 basis points to 0.51% in the second quarter of 2015 from 0.49% in the same period last year. Our dedicated deposit gathering team and experienced staff continue to be keys to securing stable, low all-in cost deposits to fund loan growth.Turning to Chartwell Investment Partners, this business continues to perform in line with, if not ahead of our expectations. Over the last 12 months, it generated more than $30 million in investment management fees, including $7.5 million recorded in the second quarter of 2015 at a weighted average fee rate of 37 basis points. Investment management fees alone represented 29% of total revenues in the second quarter, while Chartwell segment net income accounted for 18% of total company earnings in the second quarter. The Chartwell’s assets under management at $8.1 billion, second quarter assets under management reflect the continued success of our business development efforts with new and existing accounts, offset by market depreciation, particularly among US small cap stocks. At the same time, our boutique asset management business continues to perform very well against its benchmarks. As of June 30, three of Chartwell’s 12 investment disciplines beat their benchmarks on one year performance, six beat their benchmarks on three year performance and 10 matched to beat their benchmarks on five year performance. Investment management and private banking continue as the addition of our earnings growth for this company. Again, combining that represent approximately 50% of total revenues in the second quarter of 2015. Before moving on to questions and answers, I would like to touch on the company’s very strong capital position. The company is now self-generating sufficient capital to fund loan growth and further enhance a well-capitalized regulatory ratios. Our primary method for creating long-term value for our shareholders remains the execution of our growth strategy for the bank and Chartwell. In order to drive continued earnings growth, at the same time our Board has the full range of capital use options on the table, which is an enviable position to be in. Since we launched this company, we have demonstrated our commitment to efficiently and effectively deploy capital. You can expect that commitment to continue. Operator, that concludes my prepared remarks. So I’ll now ask Mark Sullivan, our Vice Chairman and CFO to join me for questions and answers. Operator, please open the lines. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Olney of Stephens. Please go ahead. Matt Olney Hi, thanks, good morning, guys. Jim Getz Good morning, Matt. Matt Olney Jim, can you just confirm that the 2Q results do include the Shared National Credit exam that was completed in the industry a few months ago?Jim Getz It does, Matt. Matt Olney Any general commentary that you can make about the exam process as it relates to the bank?Jim Getz Yes, we can indicate to you that we really had to make no adjustments to any type of rates internally. So we were right on target with the regulators. Matt Olney Okay. And then as far as the trend of the loan loss provisions over the last few quarters, can you give us some more detail on your reserve methodology and specifically, what are you providing for the private bank loans that have been most of the loan growth over the last year?Jim Getz I would make a general comment, and then I’m going to turn it over to Mark. I think what you have to take in mind is, as I said in my comments, the complexion of this loan portfolio has dramatically changed over the past years and as you can see, about 43% of the portfolio now is of the private banking nature. We intend to see that continue to grow closer to 50%, so you’re going to continue to see some improvement just because of the nature of the underlying portfolio. But, I’ll turn it over to Mark for a more detailed comment. Mark Sullivan Matt, good morning. Couple of things in provision expense worth noting and that is our range from prior five years, 2010 to 2014 was 40 basis points to 53 basis points of average loans. Now, when you look at the trailing 12 months is 7 basis points. So I am going to say, yes, the 7 bps is the new normal, but I think somewhere in the mid-range between these two is probably a reasonable expectation for us going forward. As far as our allowance and provisioning, there is really no change in methodology, but what happens, you’ll see on our allowance went from 86 basis points to 84 basis points of average loans and the driver there has its continued decreases. That’s the sort of a composite and maybe a little over 200 basis points on C&I, around 70 range on CRE and 20 is on private banking. And again, we use a 36 month look back period and historical analysis there, and that’s what drives us. Now private banking, you know, would never have a loss, so mathematically it would be a zero, but we agree that the external auditors and regulators said 20 basis points is appropriate.Matt Olney Okay, that’s helpful. And then as far as the growth in the private banking segment I believe was up about 19% annualized this quarter. It’s a modest slowdown from previous quarters. I think Jim, your target on that number has been 40%, 50%, what’s the outlook for that growth in that private banking segment?Jim Getz I think that’s a fair question. I rather look it at from an annual standpoint and a quarter, but what I will indicate you is that I stick by what I indicated to you. We’re pretty close to this particular -- particular market and we feel very confident in its performance in the next six months.Matt Olney And at this point, would you say loan purchases within that segment are still on the table for 2015?Jim Getz I would say that -- that’s a possibility, strong possibility, but it’s probably not going to be of the same level that you saw with the purchase the other year. And it’s essentially, keep in mind, it’s where the intermediary wants to just deal with one institution and they usually have multiple institutions that they’ve been dealing with. It’s centralized and we communicate with the client of the intermediary and the loan has moved over. So, it does take -- these conversions take some time.Matt Olney  All right. Last question for me, I’ll let somebody else hop on, as far as the excess capital, is it stock repurchase plan still on the table here and I didn’t see -- it didn’t look like it was active in the quarter, was it active and what’s the outlook for the repurchase plan?Jim Getz We completed the program in the quarter. There was only a small amount that had to be done to complete it. If you remember, it was a million shares allocated. So, we completed it in the early part of the quarter and our average price that we bought the shares at over the period of time was $9.90. And we -- from the use of capital and we may have indicated this before, what our intentions are is to utilize the capital to continue to enhance the growth of the asset management arm. So, we’re very active in looking at potential acquisitions with reference to asset management.We’ve been in the marketplace and anticipate continuing to look at it to complement Chartwell, we’re looking at the international segment, we’re looking at additional taxable bonds, tax-free and companies that are concentration in the large-cap sector have concentrated portfolios because we feel that many people in the large-cap usually go to ETFs and index funds. So, we want little bit of a difference.So, we’re actively talking with people but it takes a while, we want to find the right company, the right connection, the plan is that it would be under the monocle of Chartwell and leadership with Tim Riddle, who is our Chief Executive Officer there at Chartwell. Now, other users for continuing to grow the franchise and also, we will continue to look at further stock buyback programs in the future as we’ve exhausted the program that we put in place a few months ago.Operator The next question comes from Michael Perito of KBW. Please go ahead.Michael Perito Hey, good morning everybody.Jim Getz Hey, Mike.Michael Perito So, I guess follow-up on the capital question. You guys have spoken about how the private banking incremental growth is going to benefit regulatory capital ratios, but I guess, if we bring it back to the TCE ratio, I guess, how comfortable -- I guess where are you guys comfortable bringing that down to over the next couple of years as you can see them grow at this 15% or so rate just in general?Mark Sullivan  Yeah, Mike, I wouldn’t envision that going below 8% or significantly below. We’ve started to have that 8% to 10% target range and I don’t see it going much below 8%.Michael Perito Okay. All right, thank you. And I was wondered if you could add some color, you know, the positive growth were strong in the quarter but just -- not just the quarter overall, the concentrations in your deposit, especially your commercial deposits and maybe a little more color on your expectations if we do see a rate rise this fall or earlier this winter, what you guys are expecting on that side of the balance sheet?Jim Getz Yes. We have, Mike, a fairly diversified client base on the deposit end of it and if you recall, we've recently put in place a dedicated group that is focusing nationally on identifying potential depositors that have seven figure or capable of seven figure deposit fees or large corporations, endowments, foundations, colleges, parties who are on that particular line, but to give you an idea of what's driving our deposit base here, we’re currently doing business with about 1600 credit unions throughout the United States that buy our CDs at $250,000 or less. We have a couple of hundred municipalities that we’re doing exactly the same thing with. We have about $850 million of deposits from large family offices, about 26 of them that we’re providing deposit and credit services and then obviously we have deposits with our commercial clients in that regard and we have -- we actually have a back money market deposit account that -- we have about $130 million and that we provide to a lot of the regional banks here in Pennsylvania and Ohio. So we feel pretty comfortable with that and as I noted in my comments that we have about 34% of the deposits and CDs and a lot of that activity we’ve focused on delivering during the past quarter.Michael Perito Okay. And it's a strategy, especially as you look at some of these endowments and the seven figure deposits you guys are bringing in and also the municipality deposits, do you guys expect to be relatively aggressive on pricing, defending these relationships as rates rise or I guess what's your sense on how you’re going to have to approach that?Jim Getz I think you have to understand where this money is coming from and then you’ll understand why I'm saying what I’m indicating. The overwhelming majority of this money has come from institutional money market funds and institutional money market funds are providing now around 10 basis points or in some cases less. We’re providing 40 basis points today, so we don't -- and when these institutional money market funds, when rates begin to go up, the rates obviously will go up, but most of the companies, the major companies, whether it’s a Fidelity, it’s a Federated, the major companies in this market have been, as you’re probably well aware, aggressively -- very aggressively waving their fees. And so if there is a 25% increase in rates, I fully expect 15 of it will go to the house and the 10 will go to the investors. So I think, we have a little bit of legroom here.Michael Perito Okay. And do you expect -- I guess the competition for these types of deposits, it sounds like from a pricing perspective, it’s more so towards what these money market funds do, but are you seeing other banks try and go after these deposits or how does it compare I guess relative to, I’m sure, like commercial deposit competition is still pretty high.Jim Getz The type of audience that we’ve targeted, it really isn't – now, to be quite honest with you, our 40 basis points is higher than a lot of the other banks, okay. And keep in mind also the other banks haven't had the loan demand that we have had and you noticed on some of the releases I've seen over the past couple of days, a lot of the banks are really even more flushed after this quarter with cash than they were before. A few of them are.Michael Perito Okay. Great.Jim Getz So we have a very targeted audience we’re going after and a lot of the larger banks aren't accepting those deposits any more.Michael Perito Okay. Thanks, gentlemen. I appreciate all that color.Jim Getz Thanks.Operator The next question is from John Moran of Macquarie. Please go ahead.John Moran Hey, good morning.Jim Getz Good morning, John. John Moran Just a couple of follow-up questions on the PB business. Jim, maybe could you help us size the opportunity on better penetration? It sounds like 2% today doing over a billion, where do you think you can get that penetration to just in the existing sort of referral network, maybe over the next 12 to 18 months?Jim Getz Yeah. Before when we have been talking with you, we’ve really put a greater emphasis and we mentioned the 106 intermediaries we have now on adding intermediaries and it really takes us about two years to get momentum going with these intermediaries. As you have seen like this business has really grown handily as you folks have followed us over the past 24 months. So we’ve put on some very large franchises in the past six, nine months and it will take a little while and some of them aren’t even at 2% as of yet.Now, to you give you a perspective, we are putting a lot more emphasis on market penetration of the intermediaries that we have in place today than adding additional intermediaries. You are going to see our intermediaries continue to go up, but it will go up at a lower pace, because we have some folks with fairly substantial franchises. So we are taking steps to get that penetration and we feel we have pretty well captured a lot of these folks that we have been doing business with now for the past 36 months and we are really honing in on the people.And some of those folks we have as much as 25% market share, but I think from a practical standpoint, it would probably be about an 8% to 10% market share that we’d be looking at getting which I think is a pretty reachable and understandable number. And the way we are going about it is, we are peering [ph] at all the major conferences, we have our staff in place, we bring the whole team to the larger meetings, we have our private bankers that are in the field. They are not all here in Pittsburgh. They are actively calling from a marketing standpoint. We’ve relieved them of a lot of the administration of the loans and put a middle office complex in place here. We have added handily to our – we talked to you several months ago about internal sales. We now have five full-time people working in our internal sales department. I suspect that that will grow pretty handily over the next year, I could see as with maybe 10 people there. It could actively be calling on these folks and bring our product to their attention. Those folks are also supporting Chartwell in the retail ventures that we have going on there at Chartwell. So we are very optimistic that we can get to around the 10% market share with each of these clients and we have actual track records with several of them in that regard, that we have been past the 10% ratio.John Moran Got it. So that’s basically, you could growth this business, I guess what you are implying is up to 4x to 5x without a ton of additional adds, it sounds like you would probably do some more in middle office and then some more internal sales, but that would be growing along with revenue.Jim Getz Not a lot of cost like the private banker we may have spoken up before as a base salary that’s around 100,000, 150,000, 160,000 and everything else is incentive. But we are talking about the internal sales people that are at a much lower cost to the institution. So I would suggest to you that the expense of infrastructure is in place. Now, we are enhancing systems and things along that line, the power system that we have that in fact monitors this collateral and interfaces with the broker/dealer system and the trust system has already been enhanced twice and I believe we will probably be looking over the next 12, 14 months at a third enhancement to that. So there will be some money there, but we are talking about hundreds of thousands of dollars and not millions of dollars here.John Moran Got it. That’s helpful. And then just another follow-up real quick on the PB side of things. Were there – I think last quarter was some 700 that were near zero risk weighting and 200 or so that were still a 100% that you felt like you get on Paris over some period of time and get some additional capital relief, is there an update on that and progress that you made there?Jim Getz Remember this is all based on conversation and so we have to interface with the IT folks at the other firms that takes some time, so we have not in the past quarter released any capital but we anticipate in the coming quarter having some potential conversations occurring, so you might -- may see some capital release at that point. Between now and year-end, you'll see some additional capital release but we're not talking anything like what you saw the last time, it will be more in the range of $10 million, $12 million over the next six months eventually.John Moran Got it. And then, just want to circle back on the PE SNCs, it sounds like they were down $25 million round numbers linked quarter, the plan is still to exit all that by year end, is that correct?Jim Getz I'd like to say that we could exit all at year end, I think I may have thrown out a number in the range of about $50 million at the end of the year, I think that's a practical number, it could be a lot lower than that, we’ve been able, if you remember, you go back to January 2014, we had $225 million, okay, we now have $77 million in place and I believe you're going to see that dropping pretty handily over the next few months, we'll be out it totally and we've gotten out of this without taking any losses whatsoever.John Moran Great, thanks very much guys.Jim Getz Thank you.Operator The next question comes from Bryce Rowe of Robert W Baird, please go ahead.Bryce Rowe Thanks, good morning Jim and Mark.Jim Getz Good morning.Mark Sullivan Good morning Bryce.Bryce Rowe I was actually just going to ask the question that the last caller did, so I'm good, thank you.Jim Getz All right, very good to hear from you.Operator And we have a follow-up from John Moran, please go ahead.John Moran Hey guys, I'm sorry, I forgot one, sorry if I missed it in the prepared remarks but do you have the new yields, the new money yields on PB, CRE and C&I?Jim Getz Yeah, if you look at the total loan portfolio including the loan fees that we get in conjunction with the commercial, it's 3.03%, okay for the entire portolio, if you take a look at the private banking loans they're averaging 2.39%. The commercial real estate loan is around 3.5% and the C&I loans are averaging about 3.71%.John Moran Okay, and then, where they're coming on at today, is it pretty similar?Jim Getz No. What you're seeing today is the commercial loans are coming on anywhere and by commercial I mean the C&I loans are coming on anywhere from two and three quarters to one and three quarters, the commercial real estate is coming on anywhere between two and three, and the private banking has really stayed relatively stable between two and two and a quarter.John Moran Perfect, thank you very much guys.Operator This concludes our question-and-answer session, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Getz for closing remarks.Jim Getz We appreciate your continued commitment to our Company, to our stock and look forward to working with you in the future. Have a great day, thank you.Operator The conference has now concluded, thank you for attending today's presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-07-23 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Earnings call for Raymond James Financial fiscal third-quarter results. My name is Maria and I’ll be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the company’s website. Now, I will turn the call over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial. Sir?
Paul Shoukry: Thanks Maria. Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal third quarter earnings call today. We do not take your time and interest in Raymond James Financial for granted. After I read the following disclosure I will turn the call over the Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open a line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results, industry and market conditions, demands for the product acquisitions, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory involvements and general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, projects, forecasts and future conditional words such as will, may, could, should and would as well as any other statements that necessary depends on future are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent form 10-K and subsequent form 10-Qs which are available on the FCC’s website at fcc.gov. So with that, I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO of Raymond James Financial, Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks Paul and good morning everyone. We are just back recently, a few weeks ago, from our summer development conference which is our RJA Employee Advisor channel. And besides the great group of advisors, there were 700 kids in attendance under the age of 18 years old. So if that’s not a cultural differentiator from other firms. It’s kind of a unique place, unique culture and just great people for training for the advisors and to see families together. I want to start off with kind of an overview of the quarter. First, I think we had a very solid quarter and that we’re in great shape. And that we are really driven by a number of the key drivers that delivered this quarter and put us in good shape in the future. First is private client group asset advisors. We reached 6507 advisors, up 123 over the preceding quarter. So that has to be a record recruiting for us in one quarter. We had growth in every advisory channel. And more importantly than great recruiting which we like to see is the retention. We still have fantastic retention and it’s the people that really choose to stay here that make the culture here at Raymond James. That recruiting and our advisors drove record assets under administration of just rounding to half a trillion dollars and assets under management of $70.2 billion. Loans at Raymond James Bank were essentially flat at $12.05 billion and so very solid results there. A quick overview of the financial results is we had record quarterly net revenues of $1.32 billion, up 9% from last year’s quarter and 3% sequentially. Quarterly net income of $133.2 million is up 9% from last year’s quarter and 17% sequentially. And that quarter is our second best earnings quarter, just off from $3 million from our record. That quarter where we had that record was an incredible investment banking quarter. So I think very solid results from our bottom line which earned us $0.91 per diluted share and we have an annualized ROE of 12%. Private client group, to get into the segments, had a record net revenue of $892.2 million, up 9% from last year’s quarter and 2% up sequentially. Quarterly pre-cap’s income of $86.4 million, up 6% over last year’s quarter and 15%sequentially. And private client group assets under administration at $475.4 billion is up 5% over last year’s quarter. Our assets under fee-based accounts at 39% of total client assets which really results in 75% recurring revenue for this segment. Our capital markets had a quarterly net revenue of $233 million, flat from last year’s quarter and then on 1% from the sequential quarter. Quarterly pre-tax profits of $18.3 million, were up 35% from last year and 12% from the previous quarter. And it’s really a tale of two businesses. Fixed income had a very good quarter as commissions were up, partly due to the volatility and we have a great team and a very tough market. Public finance had a near record quarter. In fact, if we had not changed allocations in accounting since Morgan Keegan joined us, it would have been a record quarter for them. So very solid performance and very good backlog. That was off-set by the equity capitals market business with its headwinds and over-the-desk commissions remain challenging this quarter. And also headwinds in our flagship practices of reeks and energy where the market has been tougher in terms of new issues. We’ve also made significant investments primarily in this quarter by adding bankers in our life science, financial services, energy and government services practice. Just to put it in scale, with 80 senior bankers adding a dozen of them, basically most of them in this quarter is a big investment but one where you get great people when you bring them on board. Asset management, the net revenues were $98.8 million, up 8% from last year and 5% from the preceding quarter. Pre-tax of $31.6 million, was up 1% from last year’s quarter and 1% from the sequentially. And the great results impacted by a successful closed end fund distribution fee cost that impacted the quarter and investment. Very, very good and also highlighted by the acquisition of Kruger. We welcome the Kruger Group and Dr. James Breech and his team, Tyrena James. Because they have a model at delivery program, their assets do not hit our financial assets under management, but a great group of people. RJ Bank record net revenues of $103.9 million, up 13% from last year’s quarter and 1% sequentially. Pre-tax of $78 million, up 20% from last year’s quarter and 9% sequentially. Total loans are down slightly, essentially flat. Both credit quality and our net income margins continue to improve, which Jeff will talk on. So, if you look at all of our business units, they all performed well with the exception of the tough quarter for equity capital markets. But all the drivers are in great shape and I feel good about not only what they did this quarter but where we’re headed. With that I am going to turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Julien: Thanks Paul. I’m just going to address some of the significant variances from the consensus model. First of all, I will say they are fewer than normal, which we view as a good thing. Either we had fewer surprises than normal or our covering analysts are getting very good at projections and given the audience, I will lean towards the latter. With respect to the revenue lines, except for the other revenue, virtually all revenue lines were within low single digits of expectations. And the other line, as many of you have already pointed out in your comments, really relates to the ARS gains that I mentioned at the Analysts Investor Day in May as well as some PG valuation gains that are slightly elevated. A little lower than last quarter but higher than our normal quarters. Aside from that, revenues were all pretty much in line with expectations. Couple of more items on the expense side. I would characterize this quarter on the expense side generally as one of above average level of investment. A good portion of that was in people. We have seen 123 net FA increase, we’ve talked about that. As well as at least a dozen significant ECM hires here till date, most in the most recent quarter. Coupled with we had higher commission revenues than projected, so that increase has come. And the commission growth in PCG came about two and a half to one in favor of the independent contractor division which elevates the pay-out level somewhat. So all that boils down to a comp ratio of about 68.2% for the quarter, a little above our 68% target. We are at 67.9% year-to-date so we are still running close to target in all these periods but this particular period a little elevated as a lot of these people that we’ve hired are obviously aren’t yet producing the level of revenues that we expect in the future. Another area of investment would be in IT. Unfortunately that’s not necessarily going to be an immediate revenue generator. Particularly in some of the systems there is a small spike this quarter related to some outsourced regulatory projects. When we have some of these projects that we think need to be done on a fairly timely basis, we don’t necessarily want to add fulltime headcount or we don’t have the bandwidth and sometimes even the expertise perhaps for some of these specialized regulatory projects in-house. So we outsource some of those projects as a couple of a million dollars related to consulting fees for outsourcing some of those projects that hit in this quarter. On a year-to-date basis though, the data communications expense is running right at $65 million a quarter, which is right on top of where it was running in the prior year. So on year-to-date even that we have told you it is going to be lumpy over the course of the year but on a year-to-date basis it is all very much in line. Another expense that I guess surprised a lot of people, ourselves included to some extent, is the loan loss provision. Which is really the net of several items. Even though loans were flat for the quarter versus the preceding quarter, the loan mix changed somewhat away from commercial, industrial loans to securities based loans and mortgage loans which carry lower provisions. So that was a net positive to the provision. Another net positive was the recovery that we talked about and you could see it in the press release at the end. The bank had a significant recovery in the quarter, a real estate loan that had been partially charged off. That was a positive and then going in the other direction, we did get the snick examined in the quarter but it was a somewhat non-event. They reviewed 339 of our credits; they differed on nine of them, five of them they rated more harshly, four of them they rated more softly than we did. But as you know, we follow the practice of going with the lesser of the two in terms of ratings. So it cost us a little under $2 million to the provision for the quarter. And some of those, by the way, were unfunded revolvers. Of the five that they rated more harshly, three of those were unfunded revolvers. However, the 2 that they rated more harshly plus a couple of more other downgrades that we chose to make during the quarter, again I think we do a good job trying to stay ahead of any potential problems, that’s what lead to the increase in criticized loans from the prior quarter which was about the only negatives that I would say are in the bank’s entire two pages of statistics there. So those downgrades that we chose to make and the snick exam results went the other way but when you net all those things together, it came out to a net benefit of $3 million in the quarter. And other expense is another investment that we made, the only item of any consequence. There are a lot of little items in that, as you can imagine, other expenses is sort of a catch-all for anything that doesn’t fit other places but we did make some investments in some new products and asset management, where again, we expect to get some future asset management fees from. The tax rate, we recalculated for the year to date, came to just under 37% which required us to adjust it in this quarter down about a percent or a percent and a half from where we had been running, so, it came in at 36% to get us to the correct year-to-date figure. Again there were a number of items that impacted that but we kind of steered towards 37% or 37.5% for the year so we’re running pretty close to that on a year-to-date basis. There was a slight jump in basic share count which was unusual in this quarter and that was really a result of some of the Morgan Keegan three year RSU retention board’s vesting in early April. The next and last [pronts] of those will be two years from this quarter when some of the capital markets five year retention awards are left. All that boils down to a pre-tax margin of 15.8% for the quarter, 15.3% year-to-date, so above our 15% targets. ROE was 12% for the quarter, 11.5% for the year-to-date so we’re running close to target. A couple of other things that I will mention this real quickly net interest was a record $109.4 million as the bank continues to grow in their net interest margin stays at the level that it has been recently of 3.09%. Cash balances really haven’t increased that much, it’s really been more of the bank generated and some spread to that record. And lastly for those that didn’t happen to see and I know most of you did and made comments, we did file our stress test results in June which showed pretty strong capital ratios even in stressed conditions which I think most of you weren’t expecting them to show. So those are my comments on the things that varied on the consensus model. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks Jeff. Before I turn over to questions, just I would like to summarize first. The private client group business from great recruiting and as I talked about before more importantly, the retention, with the asset, record asset levels about to swell and the recruiting momentum is still very solid, I would not expect this number a recorder but our pipeline is really good and people are continuing to still visit the office, so still optimistic about future recruiting. In capital markets we had a very solid backlog, especially in public finance. The equity capital markets backlog is good, I would say its exceptional public finance right now. And of course, anytime there’s investment banking, the kind of transactions, the timing is always suspect to when the transactions happen that I feel good about where we’re sitting at right now. Also, record assets under management I think will bode well for our asset management group and the bank is taking great shape and should continue to grow. We add loans or we have opportunities that need our credit quality, which we’re very strict on and in quarters where we don’t fine them or we have pay-offs, you don’t see growths like this quarter, but we’re very, very comfortable where the bank sits. The last line I am sure will come up for comment from the department of labor because there’s so much press on it. I would say there is nothing new to report outside of that the department of labor has openly stated in the last week that they are open to discussion and interpretation. I think there’s been a lot of political and even regulatory other agencies pressures saying the rule need to be modified. We will see what happens so the comment period is just closing, there will be some testimony and hopefully we will be in a place where there is a modification where we are all very comfortable. Which, while I think it is good intent, but as published is not a very good way of achieving the results especially since it would cut off access to advice to a lot of customers. So with that I will go ahead and turn it back to Maria to open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Christian Bolu of Credit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Good morning Paul, good morning Jeff. Firstly on the fixed income business, the strength there was a clear positive and nicely outpaced what we have seen at the big banks. You’ve always said you have an 18 play in the B markets, how would you describe the current environment? Is it a C, D, A market and how sustainable is it?
Paul Reilly: I think for the core you probably have a D market. There is enough volatility that people are doing things. And our platforms are different from the big banks with our bank distribution channel and merely an origination business with public finance. But this market will certainly improve in terms of the volatility expectation and commission lines to start. It’s gone up for a while and continues to stay up. The trading profits have been about the same but it’s really been driven by increased commission volume and our guys have stayed close to the clients and I think when the opportunity came we got our fair share of more of the business. They are doing a good job and I am proud of what they have accomplished.
Christian Bolu: Okay, that’s helpful. And just on the DOL proposal, I heard your comments earlier but I just want to dig into two things you noted in your comment letter that you filed up just about a week ago. One was just the cost of compliance and two was the impact of some product exclusions. So my questions are can you help us size or give us your framework on how you are thinking about compliance costs and then two is, what is the revenue contribution of things like options, structured notes and hedge funds to your business today? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: First, on the ladder they are not a significant part of our product sweep for clients. So, there’s some high network clients and these only affect the IRA accounts, where typically those are where products aren’t in but they are in some. It’s hard to estimate the impact, especially when you have a rule that’s not really written. Even if it passed as it is, the prohibited transaction exemption would have to be written, and how it was written. The problem is if you read the rule and base value, the disclosure and the estimating that you would have to do on every single product and how you disclose it would take time from an IT’s perspective can be very costly. We think there’s much more cost effective ways of displaying those types of fees, which we already do in general terms and we can get a lot more granular, our clients see them but what they are asking for is so – you’d have to be so precise you would be inaccurate on how these costs and fees were allocated. So that is the costly part and we have no idea until the final regulation as to what that cost would be or frankly if we could even afford to service some of the accounts – the smaller accounts – where we don’t really make money. If we want to service the accounts, it might make them too costly, too risky to actually service and that is our concern with the rule as its written.
Christian Bolu: Okay. Thank you, that’s helpful. And then lastly from me, clearly the new advisor momentum is very strong, help us think about the economic distribution of these advisors coming on board. Is the productivity level of the new guys you bringing on board about the same or higher than the current average? How long does it take these advisors to ramp up to full productivity and are there any additional costs we should be keeping in mind as the advisors ramp up?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think that in general they are slightly more productive. We currently have some huge teams that are very productive. In terms of extra costs outside of A caps to bring accounts in, there’s not really a bunch of extra costs. There’s certainly transition or it depends where it is. If it’s an independent advisor we certainly don’t have the real-estate costs. If it’s an employee, it depends if we are opening a new office or adding him to an office where, frankly, there’s even more of uplift if there is an existing office because we are leveraging existing costs and real-estate. So there’s not an unusual transition, and then the advisors bring over their assets in about a year, it takes them a few months and they get a lot of their assets and then they trickle in over the next year. Usually by two years they have got more assets than they had when they joined us so what you see in the recruiting pipeline is just really starting to impact the results because if they bring assets over as they move their clients here, we get the growth. So there is even a lag effect.
Christian Bolu: That’s great and then comments on the strong business momentum.
Paul Reilly: We have got great momentum; I don’t know what to say. I tell our people that we are – I think the culture that’s been dealt here by Tom and team for many years now that’s paying off. We’re in the right place at the right time where we have the technology and the products to support all advisors and the very high end advisors that are joining us and we have the culture that they like. We are client-centric and our job is to help service and help the advisor. And we are very balanced in our approach on what’s fair to clients, what’s fair to the advisor and what’s fair to us and so, again, our existing advisors who have been here a long time are the ones who help us grow that culture and help us to attract new advisors to do, hopefully, the same. So we are at the right place and at the right time in this market and the momentum is very, very good right now.
Christian Bolu: I hear you; I was just congratulating you on that. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hugh Miller of Macquarie.
Hugh Miller: Hi, good morning. I appreciate the color on the snick review. I had a couple of other questions about the bank, one of which is that it looks like we’ve seen some softer economic conditions in Canada, can you just remind us the types of loans you’re tending to extend there and some detail on the comparison on the yields relative to the U.S. loans and what demand is looking like up in Canada for loans?
Steven Raney: Hi Hugh, it’s Steve Raney, good morning. Related to Canada, I would say the profiles of the deals up there look very similar to the deals in the U.S., with a couple of exceptions. I would say the structure of the C&I, the corporate loans up there probably have a little bit – we don’t see as many coveted light transactions, the banks tend to be more rigorous in terms of the structure, in terms of the governance. Typically a little bit lower leverage and actually slightly higher margins. I would say that the real-estate transactions that we do up there are identical. About to retain and individual project finance business up there, I would say for the first six months of our fiscal year things were a little bit slow up there. As you mentioned, things have gotten a little bit soft but we have actually seen a pick up here. Recently our pipeline of deals in Canada has actually picked up over the last 60 days or so. And once again, I think it’s a good counter-balance for us to have an opportunity to play in that market now is a good counter-balance to everything else that we are involved in at the bank. So we are very committed to Canada and think that that’s a good long term business for us to be in.
Hugh Miller: Very helpful color. And you guys obviously mentioned in the press release that C&I lending was a bit softer relative to some of the security based and other loans, you mentioned about the pipeline for Canada which was looking like it was picking up a bit. Can you just talk about it in general the C&I loan pipeline and how that’s trending recently?
Jeff Julien: Yes, Hugh. I would say some of the reduction was kind of self-imposed. We did see a higher run off rate this last quarter. When I say self-imposed, there were deals that were re-pricing that we elected to exit. We just didn’t think the risk returns paid off was appropriate, the lower rates. We’ve actually seen an increase in our pipeline in our C&I domestic business as well here recently over the last 30 days or so. We will continue to stay active here in this space that we play in. That is not [Indiscernible] on that higher end leverage document, particularly we don’t want to go down that path to the extent that the market comes back to us, we will take advantage of those opportunities. We are pretty active in the secondary market. When we see higher rated credits and better credits that the price comes down around par or maybe a little bit less, we take advantage of adding the positions on a selective basis as well. So we can be pretty nimble in that way.
Steven Raney: I would just say that relative to the pipeline that we have got in place today, even though we can never predict pay offs very accurately, I would anticipate a couple percentage point increase in the overall loan portfolio, perhaps for the next quarter. It is dependent on a lot of things.
Hugh Miller: Okay, that’s very helpful, thank you. And Paul, I guess you mentioned that the public finance backlog you guys get and categorize as exceptional, I was wondering if the feeling was that it is some opportunistic borrowing ahead of retailing higher or is it more a function of the economy might be getting stronger. Maybe municipalities are looking at doing more borrowing. Any thoughts there?
Paul Reilly: Probably a little of both, there’s no doubt that any municipality has borrowing needs but the question is how? Is it going to pick up a lot of borrowing with the banks for a while just because it was quicker and cheaper to execute and we do some [Indiscernible] credits that we like and clients will do some lending. But there’s just the pickup, I think, across the board right now. So I think that maybe it’s in anticipation of rates. I’d certainly, if I was looking at long term financing, would look at to do something in this market. So I think that is driving part of it.
Hugh Miller: Okay and obviously you guys had an exceptionally strong recruiting quarter, you did mention in the press release that you think very aggressive competition and we have been certainly been hearing about that as well. But I was wondering if you could give some comments about how that competition has changed over the last three to six months and whether or not you guys are still sticking with your upfront recruiting packages, have those changed at all and – that would be great.
Paul Reilly: With our comment we’ve had aggressive competition for a long time so this isn’t a new phenomenon. The last few years I would categorize that in the market. We have stuck to our packages; we have made no changes over the last year. We are very focused on making sure it’s a good economic deal for us and we are well aware we are lower in the stream but in a way it’s a positive self-selection criteria that people are not coming for the biggest check, they are coming here because they want to be here. And it doesn’t mean we don’t lose some teams we’d like to have, because some of those checks are awfully big but the people that like the culture and want to be prosperous over the long term ends up taking the deal and coming. So we haven’t made changes to that. I would say it’s a combination of technology and products that were able to serve. A high or even just an acknowledgement when you start landing a lot of these large teams. It’s a signal to the other people in the market to come in and ask why did they come, what is Raymond James doing? So then certainly the recruiting momentum builds on it. So often it’s helping to tell our story.
Hugh Miller: Great color, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey guys, good morning everyone. At the recent investor day you spoke to looking at expanding the advisory business in the UK, potentially through acquisitions or something that would look like maybe Lane Berry in the U.S. So just curious about an update on this front. Are you still having dialogue there and thoughts around your growing advisory in the UK?
Paul Reilly: We want to grow an advisory in the UK; we haven’t found anything that meets our culture first, price and immigration criteria. We’ve found some cultural bits but not anything that we believe is attractive so we stay close like we do to firms here that we think fit Raymond James, will be a great home for us but we’re just not willing to do things that are priced, that we think isn’t a good return for shareholders. I am sure short term the results look good but we treat the money like it’s our money and we are shareholders. But we haven’t found that opportunity so we haven’t done anything. We still have been perusing some M&A firm opportunity in the UK and Europe and it continues to be one of our strategic initiatives to grow our cross border M&A business. So that stays on our radar and we’re actively talking to a lot of firms but we’re just slow in doing something. This isn’t about a short term hit. It’s got a long term addition to the team that will help us to continue to grow the business. So we’ll continue to be aggressive in looking but very deliberate on executing.
Devin Ryan: Okay, thanks for the update. And then maybe a bigger picture on capital deployment. All the ratios continue to build during the quarter and obviously you’re looking at acquisitions so I understand that maybe there’s some level that’s pegged for that. And then you also believe in a strong liquidity position, just for financial visors, but is there any more discussion or contemplation around maybe moving some of the off balance sheet customers cash into the bank, increase earnings. I know I have asked this before but I am trying to think about other ways to drive some equal amount of returns with a doting capital position.
Paul Reilly: No, we look at all sorts of things. There’s no doubt that we could put cash in the bank and grow it off its capital base. We could take – we don’t really go out on securities and we could take security positions that are longer. To get income we could do that in the holding company or in the bank. There are lots of things we could do. We could not hedge a lot of our rate risk. Which we do, which costs us money. We’re just not going to take those risks. We tell our clients not to take a lot of rate risks; we just don’t do it here at Raymond James either. So yes, there are lots we could do and we would look good for a while and we could cross our fingers and hope we look good long term but we’re more focused on the long term execution and then not taking those kind of risks. I am not saying they’re bad risks, there are people that do them, but it’s not in our nature. What you see is what you get here. We also know you can grow the bank. It’s frustrating as we try to hit double digits to be just under double digits. So we know we can do it, the banks will grow but we’re sticking to our discipline on loans and we are sticking to our discipline on capital allocation for the bank. I remind people that our executive team that half of their restricted stock, which is taken out of their bonuses every year, is tied ROE and so we’re as focused on ROE as you are but we’re more focused on that long term return. We watch capitals discussed at every board meeting, we have recognized that we do have some excess capital balances and so we’re not dismissing it and I am sure we will be discussing it in the November board meeting but there’s really no update on it.
Jeff Julien: And with respect to liquidity, I would just remind you that we do have a $250 million note issue that matures in April of ’16 and then a year after that in March of ’17 we have got the ability to call our 6.9%, $350 million debt issue out there. So those are on the horizon as potential uses of liquidity.
Devin Ryan: Okay, appreciate all that color. And then just maybe lastly for me for Steve, with respect to the net interest margin, should we maybe think there was some upward pressure heading out of the quarter, just try to think about it as a go forward on the NAM, with all the moving parts there. And then, there’s a little bit of a pickup in the size of the loans. I was just curious if there was any specific sector that drove that or what was behind that?
Steven Raney: Hi Devin, good morning. I would say yes there is pressure on NAM; we’re trying to be disciplined. As I mentioned, in terms of the new loans that we’re adding on, I think that there’s likelihood that we’ll see some nominal, small reduction in that interest margin over the next couple of quarters but nothing too meaningful. I would say on the criticize loan front Jeff alluded to, there was no real sector. There were three loans, two of which were part of the downgrades in the shared national credit exam process. One other term loan that we downgraded ourselves during the quarter ending to criticize status, none of that was in any one industry. It was all over the board. There was a consumer products company; there was a data centre, so it was kind of all over the board.
Paul Reilly: And again, I think our credit metrics are really strong. You can look at the absolutes of the movements which I call rounding. You move alone into the category and have material presented impact because the number is not that big to start with.
Steven Raney: We were very encouraged by our non-performing assets coming down. As Jeff mentioned before, we had a large real estate loan that we had actually partially written down that we actually got a full recovery on during the quarter of full pay off that was a material improvement. So we feel good about our asset quality still.
Devin Ryan: Thanks and I appreciate you guys taking the questions. I’ll talk to you guys soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell of Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: Hey good morning guys. Just I wanted to maybe talk a little bit about expenses. The comp. ratio, if you exclude option and security gains, which I wouldn’t think we’d pay our comp on and I would think the comp ratio and private equity is also get lighted and what it is in the rest of the organization, it seems like you are close to the 69% comp ratio which would be one of your highest ratios in a few years. So I am just trying to get a sense, obviously it’s a great recruiting quarter. And if recruiting continues at this pace, can you get that back to your target of 68 or should we expect some elevated comp ratios for a little while, until the growth kind of offsets it?
Paul Reilly: I don’t see a fundamental change. I mean in this quarter, to the extent that we get heavy recruiting in the independent channel it’s going to drive that ratio. We certainly had elevated comp ratios in the equity capital markets because of the hiring and probably little bit of underperformance in terms of growth and revenue and challenge over the debt commission. So I don’t –
Jeff Julien: Hopefully we’ll see a continued drive from PCG recruiting to where we’d like to keep recruiting at a high level even if it’s a drag on current earnings it certainly strengthens the platform for the next leg of the market. That happened even in ’09 when we were making significant investment in people in that market environment. I hope that continues to write it as a current drag on earnings. I doubt we’ll see this level of hiring in equity capital markets recur. So that one is a matter of waiting for the people that we have hired to be productive.
Paul Reilly: The irony is when you grow organically, whether it’s private clients or capital markets, it has a short term drag. With your acquisitions you may have some costs in a quarter but the drag comes off and it’s the same with the bank. If you do a loan portfolio, we have the provision expense. So we do have some short term hits when we have high growth in one of the segments and I think that’s most of the impact you’re seeing this quarter.
Jim Mitchell: No, absolutely. Okay I appreciate the color and just maybe on the non-comp side, forgive me if I’ve missed this but I think last quarter that we talked about, communication and info processing was elevated as we accelerated some advertising. It was up even more this quarter. I think you highlighted some regulatory spending but I think you were sort of assuming longer term, closer to 60 and lower to mid 60s versus upper 60’s. Is that still a good run rate going forward or should is that going to remain elevated?
Paul Reilly: I think that current run rate is probably about right for the year-to-date, probably maybe the mid 60s. By the way, the advertising and all was in business development expenses.
Jim Mitchell: I am sorry.
Jeff Julien: The [Indiscernible] for the three quarters will remain at $65 million where I think we’ve been guiding the quarterly run rate. This one is a little higher but we think that run rate is a reasonable run rate.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey of KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Good morning guys. I apologize if I missed this earlier but I really wanted to follow-up one question on the comp expense. Jeff, did you say earlier that the commission revenue was primarily driven by independent contractor activity and that drove a chip in the comp mix?
Jeff Julien: The increase in the quarter in the PCG commissions was about 2.5 to 1, that11 point something versus 4 something – [Indiscernible] something in the contractor versus in the four something in the employee division which obviously prized higher comp associated with it. They got about an 80% payout versus 50% type payout in the employee’s channel.
Joel Jeffrey: I mean is this something that could continue and be a bit of headwind on comp versus [Indiscernible] more one time.
Steven Raney: Yes, we had pretty good recruiting results and it may in the short run but in the longer term it will become productive. My guess is it will be about where it is because they are both recruiting at about the same rate right now. So this particular quarter just had an abnormal imbalance.
Jeff Julien: I hope we continue the recruiting rate at the cost of that quarter. I don’t think what we accomplished was an anomaly in terms of recruiting but we had a lot of people come in one quarter.
Joel Jeffrey: Great, thanks for answering my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Hey guys, a quick question on Department of Labor. I believe you guys and many; many others in the industry are fairly supportive of a uniform fiduciary standard as opposed to sort of the bifurcated approach we’ve got now with the DOL on one side and the SEC on the other. I get it that having the uniform standard would really solve the inter-agency regulatory conflicts and reduce complexity. But I am also just wondering if you did have something like that would it not really force the majority of your customers in the industry into the fee model as opposed to the commission. And so just trying to square those two. Obviously advantages on one hand but on the other it might be disruptive if uniform fiduciary ends up dragging a lot more people under the fee model.
Paul Reilly: I don’t think. First, we have always been – I think our industry is we have always been looks in the best interest of the clients. So whether you all the client’s best interests standard or fiduciary model whatever. Our job is to do good work for the client’s period. Being held to that standard is nothing. We think we have held to it now. And whether its commission or fee based, depends. So if someone wants to buy an Apple stock or some Wal-Mart stock for and leave it with there for five years, why should they be charged an offset management fee? And so they can go fee based. Why should they pay every year for five years? And then they belong – long term hold assets. So commission certainly has its place in compensation. I think what’s more important is the client’s interest. But first and it’s fully disclosed how they are being paid and why they are doing things. So I think this over simplification; that ‘Feel good’ and commission is sad. We went to amide off incident and he was fee based. So yes, over simplification of what’s in the best interest of the client. So that’s what we’re fighting, we’re fighting for the client’s choice. Frankly, for economics commission is good for a lot of accounts and yes, it could be abused, so can C be abused. You need to have good advisors looking after their client.
Chris Harris: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: I’m showing no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Paul Reilly: Great guys, I know lots of earnings coming out last week and this week but thanks for your thoughtful questions and you’re following us. I hope we could answer all your questions I just characterized. I feel very good about the quarter, especially when you look at the key driver of assets, the advisors and the investments we’re making. I know sometimes quarter to quarter is choppy and that you have to look at sequential quarters but if you look at the year as a whole I think we’re right on an extent and if you look at what’s driving us forward, given any reasonable market going forward, I think we’re in great shape. So, thanks for joining the call and we’ll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s quarterly call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 09:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the earnings call for Raymond James Financial fiscal second-quarter results. My name is Therese and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and will be available on the Company's website. Now, I will turn it over to Paul Shoukry, Head of Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Thanks Therese and good morning. On behalf of our entire leadership team, I just want to thank you all for joining the call this morning. We know this is very busy time of the year for all of you. So, we certainly do not take your time or interest in Raymond James Financial for granted. After I read the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following the prepared remarks, that they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results, industry or market conditions, demands for our products, acquisitions, anticipated results of litigation, and regulatory developments; or to mirror a general economic condition. In addition, the words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, projects, forecasts, and future are conditional verbs; such as will, make, could, should, and would; as well as other statements that necessarily depends on future events; are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent 10-K and subsequent form 10-Q. Which, are available on the SEC's website at SEC.gov. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Paul and good morning, everyone. Jeff Julien and I are attending our RJFS Independent Advisors conference. A record 4,000 attendees, over 240 training classes; an extremely positive and constructive environment. In fact, we had over 72 recruits attending our conference from other firms. First and foremost, I want to start with up – we believe we've had a very good start for the first 6 months. In fact, a record pace for the first 6 months. Nets – net revenues for the first 6 months of the fiscal year were $2.5 billion and pre-tax income of $383 million both represent the most we've ever generated for the start of our fiscal year in a six-month period. Additionally, I think if you look at our key operating metrics at the end of the quarter, we have a lot of quarter-end records. That includes client assets under administration of $496 billion, financial assets under management of $69 billion and net loans at the bank of $12 billion. These records have been driven by our long-term focus on recruiting and retaining a great group of financial advisors. That shows up in the numbers also, with a record number of financial advisors. We grew to 6,384 at the end of March, which is up 182 from last year's March, and 48 over the preceding quarter. These strong net additions really understate our actual growth and productivity capacity as they come online. Now, I'm going to go over a few numbers before I turn this over to Jeff for more details. We understand this was a noisy quarter, as was our first quarter last year, both due to seasonal and nonrecurring items that Jeff will discuss. We achieved a record quarterly net revenue of $1.29 billion, a 9% increase over the prior year's fiscal second quarter, and a 3% increase over the preceding December quarter. Quarterly net income of $113.5 million, or $0.77 per diluted share. Quarterly net income is up 9% from last March quarter, but down 10% sequentially. Due to those items which I alluded to previously and Jeff will go over. As we told you on the last earnings call, we typically have a difficult March due to seasonal items. This March quarter was no different. Because of some of these items, we think it's important to look at the combined results for the first half of the fiscal year. Where we generated $2.54 billion of net revenues, up 7% over the first half of FY14. And, net income of $240 million, which is up 8% over the first half of FY14. During these first 6 months of the fiscal year, we generated a 15.1 pre-tax margin in this rate environment, which is within our target. And, an annualized return on equity 11.3, below our 12% target in this interest rate environment. But, we still think our target's obtainable. Now, for a quick recap of some of the segments. The private client group; we generated a record net revenue of $871 million, up 7% over the prior year's fiscal second quarter and 3% over the preceding December quarter. Again, this segment was affected. Quarterly net revenue is really attributed to strong advisor retention. Which, along with a – not a lot of appreciation in the market, we had solid improvement in our assets due to our productivity in recruiting. Meanwhile, quarterly pre-tax profits of the segment of $75 million were challenged by the seasonal factors and other items Jeff will explain. Including, FICA, advertising, technology, and other items. But again, if you look at the 6 months of the fiscal year, you'll see reasonable operating leverage. As net revenues for this segment were $1.7 billion, which grew 8%. While, pre-tax income in this segment was $168 million, which grew by 13% over the previous period. At the current levels and quarterly revenues, we believe this segment can certainly generate over a 10% pre-tax margin to net revenue. If we go to the capital markets segment, we generated quarterly net revenue of $235 million, up 6% compared to last year's March quarter, and 1% compared to the preceding December quarter. Quarterly pre-tax income of this segment of $21 million was also challenged by a few items. Which, I'll leave for Jeff to explain later. Actually, based on January and February's results, we would expected a much more challenging quarter for the capital markets segment as investment banking revenues were very soft for the first 2 months, which we highlighted in our operating metrics. However, March surprised us a bit. As investment banking revenues in March were more than double the revenues of January and February combined. The strong March for investment banking was mainly attributable to very strong M&A and very strong public finance deals, where we had 94 in March alone and our tax credit business. Meanwhile, equity underwriting was very weak in this quarter. As the industry experienced a slowdown in both energy and real estate, which have always been strong sectors for us. The resiliency of our investment banking results this quarter, in light of the softness in energy and real estate, really highlighted the investments we made over the last 5 to 7 years to diversify our platform. In fact, much of the strength in M&A was driven by technology sector, which we essentially didn't have one as recent as 5 years ago. We continue to make these type of investments. For example, we've invested in our capabilities in the consumer sector. And, recently have added significant life science sector support, which, this quarter was hit by recruitment guarantees and the bill out expenses of the life science sector, but, we believe is a very strong and good investment for us. I quickly want to discuss institutional commissions in the segment. Equity commissions of $60 million were down year over year and sequentially. Primarily due to lower equity underwritings as we talked about earlier. Meanwhile, fixed income commissions of $75 million were up substantially on both a year-over-year basis and sequential. Our fixed income division had a very strong quarter. Benefiting from significant amount of interest rate volatility during the quarter. Net trading profits were also strong, which is a testament to our agency focus model. Also, remember this quarter had 3fewer business days than last quarter, which impacts our transactional parts of our business. In the asset management segment, asset management reached a record quarter end for financial assets. Under management of $69 billion, which is up 11% from the prior year's March. Quarterly net revenue of $94 billion, up 7% at to last year's March quarter, but down 6%, compared to the preceding quarter. Remember, the preceding quarter benefited from a $5 million performance fee and had 2 more billable days than this quarter. Quarterly pre-tax income of $31 million is up 44% compared to last March quarter, but, down 22% sequentially. But again, you will see there's reasonable operating leverage if you look at the first half of the year. The asset management segment's revenues were up 6% to $194 million and pre-tax income was up 15% to $71 million. Raymond James Bank reached a record of $12.1 billion of net loans, up 20% over last year's March, and 2% over the preceding December. Loan growth – excuse me, loan growth that decelerated this quarter after a very robust December quarter, as we've always said, remain very focused on quality loans, and we're very opportunistic of growing when those loans are available and slowing down when they're not. Record quarterly net revenues of $102.9 million; up 21% over last year's March. And, remember also, the bank was impacted by 2 less days of interest charges versus the previous quarter. This was the second best quarterly pre-tax income for the bank of $71.3 million, which was up an impressive 25%, compared to last year's March quarter. The loan loss provision declined sequentially on slower loan growth. And, net interest margins did improve to 3.09%, which is 12 basis points higher than last year's March quarter. More importantly, our credit quality remains strong, as a total nonperforming assets declined by nearly 22% compared to March's quarter and now represents 55 basis points of total assets, down from 83 basis points a year ago in the March quarter. So overall, a lot of noise, and Jeff will go through some of the expenses that hit this quarter. But, we believe, very good start to the 6 months of the year and the operating metrics that drive our business ended very, very favorably. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff. Jeff.
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. As I've become accustomed to now, I'll start – I will go through some of the line items that give a little more detail on some of the items that affected those lines. Which, I hope will help in the modeling exercises that many of you go through. Commissions and fees were pretty much in line. The noise around that line item, for the last couple quarters, both commission revenues and commission expenses, has to do with the mutual fund adjustment that we've been talking about. By way of reminder, in the December quarter, we took a $10.5 million reduction of revenues, and a corresponding $6 million reduction of comp expense assuming that that would be the amount recouped from financial advisors on commissions that would be reimbursed to clients related to mutual funds that share class issue, whereby, some of the mutual funds that we sell had some, were run – ran specials periodically. Very deep in their prospectuses there were special deals that were available to certain type of plans. It gets very complicated and very easy to miss. And, so, what we had done in December was on an automated basis, went back 5 years, and sort of, took a charge for what we deemed to be the worst-case situation for us in terms of client reimbursements and FA chargebacks. In the most recent quarter, in the middle of February, we made the decision not to charge this back to financial advisors. So, that $6 million reduction in comp expense became a additional comp expense in this quarter. And actually, represents a $12 million swing if you're looking at December versus the March quarter. Further, the $10.5 million estimate that we had reduced commission revenues by in the first quarter, has been refined downward after we scrubbed the accounts for which we're truly eligible, etcetera, that, to about an $8 million number. And, those reimbursements are – to clients are starting this month. So actually, we've benefited by $2.5 million to – by fine-tuning that estimate. So, that was – other than that noise in that line item, it's trended pretty much as all your models have expected. Paul's touched on investment banking in some detail. Also, investment advisory fees, which are down just because of fewer days in the performance fee in the preceding quarter. Interest is in line despite the 2 fewer days. And, the most significant item of note there, of course, is the net interest margin improvement of 5 basis points quarter over quarter at Raymond James Bank. Account and service fees are in line. Paul touched on trading profits. They usually trend pretty much with fixed income commission volumes, which were good last quarter. This most recent quarter as well. In the other revenue line item, with the detail you can see in the press release, the big factor there was a higher than normal gains from private equity investments, about $17 million for the quarter. But about $6 million of that, by way of reminder, is attributable to noncontrolling interest. So, only about $11 million of that to our pre-tax line, for those of you that adjust private equity out of your models. Looking at the expense side, aside from the mutual fund reversal of the chargeback to FAs, which added $6 million in the quarter, Paul mentioned the FICA restart. This is an annual seasonal event for us, of course, and, everybody else that added versus the December quarter about $6 million to our comp expense, as everyone restarts the FICA clock that had surpassed the limits in the prior year. That difference will dwindle, that increment will dwindle over the course of the year, as people continue to hit the limit going forward. And then, information processing: we have some seasonality in that line as well. We had this discussion last year. The annual printing and mailing of our 13th statement for our capital access, which is our cash management accounts, the – all the 1099s for all of our clients at the end of the year, our annual reports and proxies, our – because our annual meeting's in this quarter; the March quarter, etc. And, when you add all that together, that effort in total, is about $2.5 million that hits in this quarter every year. In addition to that, in this line item. We had, what I would call a more normal run rate for IT projects; projects that involved additional consultant charge – consultant fees. We had some proj – some programs come online, so we starred some amortization and maintenance fees, etc. Some of it was a little bit of a snowball that caught up a little from the first quarter. So, for these 2 line items particularly, the comp line item and the info processing line, I would encourage you to look at the six-month average run rate for those 2 items. And, for the six-month, the comp ratio is 67.8%. So, for the six-month period, we're pretty much in line with our goals. And, for the 6 months on the info processing, it's averaged about $63 million per quarter. Which, is in line with the low-to-mid 60s guidance that we've been steering you toward here for some time. And, I think again, both those represent more realistic run rates for us at this point in time. I will note, that there was a slight reclass our last quarter that affected the info processing. And, the other side of it was the admin line, by about $3 million, where some of the capitalized IT costs, which, really, our developers' time, was capitalized out of IT costs and should have been capitalized out of compensation. So, we did adjust that: just made a reclass between those 2 lines to get them comparable to our current presentation. Occupancy and equipment's pretty much in pretty much in line. Clearance and floor brokerage; we had in there a $3 million catch-up adjustment. It relates to several years worth of clearing charges that were paid to – on foreign clearing. Clearing our foreign branches, at least, to our clearing agent. But, the other side of it got hung up on the balance sheet and when the – an account reconciliation jarred that one loose. And, it's – so it's about $3 million one-time charge here, one time charge here to catch that up. Like I said, it relates to several years' worth of charges. It was never evident in one single year. Business development is a little high. It's a – Paul mentioned the advertising exp – what, we have an annual budget for advertising and branding expenses. Particularly, television advertising and we really don't know at the beginning of the year which quarter we're going to buy air time. But, we bought a significant amount in the March quarter. Which, will again, even out over the course of the year, because we will not exceed our budget over the – for the year. And, that hit in the other segment for now. Over the rest of the year, it's allocated out to the other segments ratably. So, but it's – for now, affected the other segment. The other thing it's affecting business development is this very robust recruiting activity. When you're having the success that we are currently in recruiting, there are a lot of exit fees that are being paid on behalf of FAs, they're – whose clients get charged an exit fee by the broker/dealer that they're coming from. There are a lot of costs associated with flying people down; home office visits. We're starting amortizations of all the hiring deals, etc. So, I mean, a whole lot of costs, which are good costs. I mean, it's an investment we're happy to make, as it – given that we're in a sweet spot for recruiting. Investment advisory, sub-advisory fees are in line. Paul mentioned the loan-loss provision. It was – generally reflects our loan growth. We had a modest amount of additional provision for some downgrades, a couple in, a couple additional steps down in some energy names. Additionally, we're ex – trying to get prepared for the SNC exam results here in the June quarter. We like to get in front of that as much as we can. If you remember last year, that was a fairly modest impact on us. Last year, less than $2 million, and we're hopeful that we do as, do this – do as well this year when we get the results in late June. Other expense was in line. Tax rate was in line. We didn't have a lot of Coley gains. The market was relatively flat. The equity market was relatively flat for the quarter, at least the S&P. Noncontrolling interest for what you'd expect. The – Paul's talked on the pre-tax margins. Again, this is – since these quarters have so much jostling between them, it's better to look at the six-month period. Again, 15.1% margin versus 14.6 a year ago. And, the comp ratio, I already mentioned, a year-to-year to date, 67.8 versus 68.5, a year ago. I will mention our capital ratios that you can see. Now, we now have 4 that we're displaying instead of three. As this is the first period we're reporting under Basel III. I will mention that there are at least a couple items, mainly private equity, that gets treat a little more harshly under Basel III than it did under the prior methodology. That could impact our capital ratios negatively. There are also a number of items that are not clear to us yet. How they need to be treated, that could impact these ratios positively. We have portrayed what we think are the most conservative ratios, because that's what we do. So, any of these items that we get some clarity on in terms of risk weightings, etc., over the course of the next couple months, we will reflect that appropriately in the June quarter and that you may see an uptick in the capital ratios from what we've displayed here. But, that remains to be seen. We had a higher share count by about a million shares. What happens is, I think we talked about this last year as well, the December quarter is by far our largest quarter of the year in terms of RSU equity awards to employees and retention awards to financial advisors that are done in shares, etc. So, that's – this is the time of year that you'll see the spike in the outstanding shares. So, at the end of the day, for again, hopefully to help your modeling purposes. If you look at all the things I've talked about. And, we've talked about, well, what's really not going to recur in the next couple quarters? Well, this $6 million increase in FICA will diminish. It eventually, it'll go away here toward the later, latters part of the year. Certainly, we're not going to have another $6 million reversal of the FA chargeback. I don't think we're going to have another short quarter, best I can tell. We should not have another $2.5 million of printing and mailing for 1099s. We should not have another $3 million clearing adjustment in equity capital markets. And, I already told you, we won't have more accelerated advertising, in that we're not going to exceed our budget. So, we have a lot of expenses that hit some seasonal, some self-inflicted wounds. That should not play a part going forward. But, for all those reasons, we again still think that the 6 months is a pretty good representation of how we did during this six-month period. But, in that six-month period every year we've got these seasonal factors. The shorter quarter, the printing and mailing costs, the FICA restart; all those things. That would lead you to think that, perhaps, all things equal, that the next quarter won't have those charges and might be better. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. And, I know we're spending a little more time than usual. But, we know we had a little bit of a noisy quarter. In a way, I feel like it's like deja vu over again with same situation we're in the first quarter a year ago. But, if you really go through it all, you look at the first 6 month's numbers; we've had good strong operating results. More importantly, if you look at the factors that really drive our Business and the private client group record assets under administration at the quarter end, record advisors, a great recruiting pipeline; I think we'll continue to still drive and grow our Business. I wish you guys were all here at our conference and you'd see the positive energy from our financial advisors. In the capital market segment, investment banking activity remains robust, particularly in the M&A and public finance. But, we do con – still continue to feel the headwinds in underwriting, especially in the energy and real estate sectors. As we told you, we thought that the energy price fall would impact this sector for a quarter or 2 and be replaced by M&A and increased underwriting. But, we're still working through that transition in the marketplace. But, we got a very very good year and start this year in M&A. Asset management, record assets under adminis – under management, continue to help drive earnings. And, you also remember we announced a $1 billion asset acquisition in early March and were waiting for our final pending regulatory approvals. So, assets should continue to grow. Driven a lot by recruiting and net inflows. Bank, another very strong quarter. Good credit quality and the NIM improvement, the modest NIM improvement, should continue to help drive good numbers. And, finally, we know getting a lot of questions about the Department of Labor's fiduciary standard. We were active in fighting back in the first release in 2010 and now the law, as proposed, is very complex. We are analyzing it internally. As well as, I'm on the board of FSR and SIFMA. Scott Curtis, on FSI with our trade groups. I think were all united. I'm going through the proposals. In fact, there's ongoing discussions right now with labor. So, it's hard to quantify any changes and we're studying it. But, believe, the business we do is very positive for clients. So, with that, I appreciate your patience and we'll finally open it up for questions and answers. So, I'm going to turn it back to Therese.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning.
Paul Reilly: Good morning, Devin.
Devin Ryan: A question on the bank. If I look at just the overall, kind of, deposits. And then, kind of, think about the deposits of third-party banks. I mean, I know that you guys, you want to have the bank balance within the platform and grow, kind of, with the firm. But, when I look at the capital base of the firm, capital looks strong. You have excess capital. Then you have significant deposits at third-party banks. And so, yes, I would think the spread pickup from moving some of those deposits onto the balance sheet would be pretty significant. So, just let me get your thoughts there? Is that an opportunity? And, some of you guys would, maybe, look to do? Just given that, I think, from earnings standpoint it could be pretty powerful.
Paul Reilly: Yes, Devin, I think that there's a lot of things we know we could do to improve earnings. And, it goes even taking some fixed rate risk in securities; minimal. We could grow the bank. But, we've had a philosophy to target the bank about 35% of capital and no more than 40. We think it's important for our advisors and for our shareholders to understand we're not a bank first. So, we're a private client group that has strong banking and asset management backing to it. So, sure, we could deploy more capital. I think the bank's done a great job of investing in its assets, its loans, and its good risk return basis. But, our view so far is, we want to keep it within those capital ratios. We have an opportunity to grow. We haven't told Steve not to grow, because we certainly have a little more capital room. But, we're not going to be overly aggressive in it either. So, we're going to stick to our model right now.
Devin Ryan: Great, thanks.
Jeff Julien: Kind of makes sense. The bank's not intentionally slowing down just because of that constraint. They lend when they find good opportunities to participate in credits that meet are – that meet our quality standards and our return standards. And, that gets lumpy. You saw it really big in the first quarter and you saw it slow down a lot this quarter.
Paul Reilly: So, you're right. It has room to grow, and we've told them to grow if they find good quality loans. And, I think, we're – as we find good loans and we're opportunistic, we add them. And, when it's not there, we slow it down. And, it has room both within our internal capital allocations and certainly our client cash. Which again, we limit to 50% of our client cash in the bank as another control and diversification tool. But, they have room under both. But, we won't let it get out of hand.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Thanks for so much the update there. And then, just with respect to the NIM in the bank. You had a nice step up sequentially. Was that mix-driven? Or, what drove that? And then, just, kind of, thinking about the outlook for the NIM. Just giving some of the moving parts around mix versus what we're sitting in rates today? That would be helpful.
Steven Raney: Devin, this is Steve Raney. Good morning. It was primarily driven by NIM increase in our corporate lending book of business. I would say that, yes, the outlook I would say is probably stable for the next few quarters within a small range up or down. But, I would say the outlook would be pretty stable at this point.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. And then, just lastly, within investment banking it sounds like the backlog feels pretty good. And, just, kind of, within the businesses there. How is M&A, maybe, specifically today? And, how does that backlog feel? And then, with public finance it sounds like it turned on toward the end of last quarter. So, what drove that? And, is that, kind of, theme carrying into this quarter?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I'd first – in investment banking, I think, certainly, kind of, underwriting business has been tough across the board. Especially for us, where we're strong in energy and real estate. But, the other sectors have done well. In M&A it's been across the board, but, particularly in tech and tech services, an extremely good quarter. Late March quarter actually, where it produced a lot of the results. I think people forget sometimes, in public finance, we're a top ten underwriter. I think one poll said 8 and one poll said 9, with total credit to lead. So, we are – it's a significant business force. That business was very slow in January and February. The March turn on had to do with, I think, first, in that business, you get a lot of, because of the holidays at year end. Financing typically slows in January. That carried over longer into February. But, we're getting the refinancing part of that business is turned on during some rate volatility. So, we're – the refi part of public finance has been absent in the last year. That turned on and a lot of deals happened quickly. So, so far we see the movement short term. Here we are into early April. Good activity in both of those. But, as you all know, that's a lumpy business that's hard to predict. Both of those. But, we feel pretty good about the backlog. Sure.
Devin Ryan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Paul Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Hugh Miller with Macquarie.
Hugh Miller: Hey, morning.
Paul Reilly: Hello, Hugh.
Hugh Miller: I appreciate the insight that you guys gave on the fiduciary standard. Was wondering if you could just give us a little more detail on a few areas to help us, kind of, frame some things up? With regard to the percentage of your, kind of, advisors that are RIAs. That are, kind of, already adhering to that standard? And, some color, maybe if you can, on – you could give us in detail on the fee-based assets? But also, can you give us any sense as to how much of those are qualified? And, any rough sense, on historically, the type of revenue you typically tend to generate from IRA rollovers in those types of things?
Paul Reilly: \First, let's answer it in 2 parts. The standard, we have an awful lot of our advisors that have their own RIAs, or, in our RIAs. But, that's not actually even the issue. I know that publicly it's been the issue. If you look at the definition of exemption and level fee payments and disclosures, it's pretty complex right now. So, I think hopefully in this comment period, and working with the Department of Labor, we can get things that are clear. Because, it's not that clear the way it's written. So, we're working through those right now and that's, it's – that's hard to tell. So, it's not as simple. If it's as simple as having an RIA, we'd have a lot of people exempt. But, it's not that simple in terms of level fees, products, what qualifies in an exemption, what doesn't. And, that's what I think the industry's trying to work through. In terms of assets, Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Yes, I mean, our retirement plan assets in our firm are about 35% of our assets. And, which I believe that includes IRAs. Is that right, Paul?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, about 35 to 40% our retirement plan assets. Actually, it's a little bit higher than that within fee-based accounts. It's about 45% of our assets in fee-based accounts are retirement assets.
Jeff Julien: I don't think that's a statistic you'll find much different than –
Paul Reilly: Anyone, yes.
Jeff Julien: Well, may be different than Ameritrade.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Jeff Julien: Or, something like that. But, not much different than most full-service firms that focus on financial planning.
Hugh Miller: Okay, yes, that's very helpful. And then, as we look at, kind of, the asset management business. Do you have a sense of, kind of, the percentage of the assets that are in qualified accounts?
Paul Reilly: I don't that, I don't think we know that one offhand. But, I will tell you that the early reads on that, that actually that we get some benefit, some restrictions of – in that area. In IRAs and what you can sell. But, if you read again, the best you can read the DOL standard, we may actually may even get some relief and some opportunity in that area. And, again it's just too early to speculate. It's – the law is 800 pages. It's very complex. And, people are still trying to go through and understand it. And, I think even the department's trying to understand the implications and what all this means. So, we're studying it like crazy.
Jeff Julien: We have a whole committee doing that.
Paul Reilly: Yes, but, it's too early to really give you an impact. If we had a clearer picture, we would.
Hugh Miller: Okay. Well, that's certainly helpful; the color you've given there. And then, just a question or 2 at the bank. I think you started to talk about, maybe, some of the energy credits and things like that and getting ahead of this – the SNC exam. But, is that what's driving, kind of, the uptick we saw in classified assets? Just, kind of, adjusting things ahead? Or, are you seeing any changes in credit trends? That are, maybe, low level, but it's not rising to an MPA? But, that you're making some adjustments?
Paul Reilly: Yes, Hugh, the increase in criticized loans was attributable to downgrading 3of our energy names. And, us proactively, and we think wisely, adding reserves against those names. So, the exposure still remains a very low. It's less than 3% of total assets are in the energy sector. And, the vast majority, 75% of our energy exposure is really not related to – it's not as sensitive to the volatility of oil and gas prices. It's more midstream-oriented related to exposure. So, but, continue to watch every name very closely and monitor that portfolio actively.
Jeff Julien: The percentage may have moved, but if you look at dollars, it's not much. It's in a normal fluctuation. So, I think, there's nothing underlying that we're worried about, that's driven any increase there. Is just our normal credit process and trying to be conservative and doing the best job we can at estimating that. And, trying never to be behind the curve.
Hugh Miller: That's helpful; that's helpful. And then, as we look at, kind of, the deceleration in loan growth. If you could just give us any color between the resi portfolio and the corporate portfolio? And, I guess as we look at things from a spread basis, we have seen, kind of, a nice improvement in credit spreads in both investment-grade and high-yield in late last year and into this year. Any color as to how we should be thinking about that in terms of your willingness to, kind of, go out there and put capital to work?
Steven Raney: Yes, we have seen improvements in the marketplace pushing back and credit takers like us and institutional investors in this market are finally having a little bit more discipline as it relates to the returns they're looking for. That being said, I would say as reflected in this quarter. Loan volumes, I would say broadly in the corporate sector in particular, were down. There's not as much deal flow right now. And, as Paul and Jeff alluded to. As you well know, we've been very prudent and not really changing our credit standards at all. So, I think you'll see us, really, not making any significant changes to our approach. We've got latitude to run in place and even shrink if we needed to. If there weren't opportunities, so.
Jeff Julien: Hey Hugh, and this is the one we've been terrible at guidance, because we just don't know. We've seen when we say it's slowing down, we all of a sudden, like the December quarter, we had a huge quarter. So, we just – we're very focused when the markets are right and we get the right credits, we act. And, when they're not, we slow down. So, it's a hard one to tell you how we really – where we see it going because it can open up like a spigot and it can slow down in terms of the things that we're interested in lending on.
Q- Hugh Miller: All right, that's helpful. Thank you so much.
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks, hello guys.
Paul Reilly: Hello, Chris.
Chris Harris: Surprise, a few questions on DOL. Wondering if you guys could help us out. Maybe, not getting into the law specifically. But, if we just think about your advisor force overall. How does the behavior differ between your advisors that are operating under fiduciary versus those that are not? And, I know one is – tend to be a little more fee-oriented and the other is commission-based. But, anything you can kind of help us out with, with regards to how they run their practices differently? The different products that are in those 2 categories would be helpful.
Paul Reilly: Here's the hardest thing Chris. First, I wish I could tell you that one's one and one's the other. And, those operating our fiduciary are different than the commission volley. We believe that our job is to put the client first. It's been one of our – it's the center of our core values. It always is. To say that just because your fee-based, it's better for clients, when a commission is cheaper. Especially, in small accounts. In fact, there's anti-churning regulations where we're not supposed to charge a fixed fee when we're not giving a lot of advice. It's cheaper for the client to be commission-based. So, this whole thing of fiduciary, what does it mean under the standards? And, that's really the question. Whether it's under the 40 act or it is this fiduciary standards proposed now. I – we all believe it's in the best interest of the clients. So, just because your fee-based doesn't mean you automatically do what's in the best interest of clients. Madoff was fee-based IRA. But, so, that's the hard thing here. So, it's – at one extreme you could say everybody who's doing commission base is going to have to go to some wrap fee level, commission charge. Frankly, that wouldn't be good for a lot of clients. And frankly, for small accounts, it probably is cheaper not to have them. Better for the client if that's forced. But, they're going to lose access to advice. Short term, it may impact, as we – our accounts. But, frankly, a lot of those accounts aren't profitable for us either. We do them as an accommodation to our clients, friends of our clients, or relatives, and to our financial advisors. So, although we may have some juggling around, and it may hit revenue. The expense part, we might be better off. So, this thing gets so complicated and everybody wants to simplify it. Until we get through the rules, the regulations, and what do these exemptions really mean, it's so hard to give guidance. It really is. So, I wish I could answer. But, I think the headline from the administration of DOL is: fee-based is good, commission is bad. Well, we can show you hundreds of thousands of accounts where that's not true. So, we're just going to have to see where this ends up.
Chris Harris: Okay, that – now helpful. The other kind of question I had on this topic, have you guys disclosed? Or, can you disclose the amount of revenue-sharing payments that you generate on a recurring basis?
Steven Raney: Revenue sharing from?
Jeff Julien: Chris, we have a line in the queue that we provide that just shows what we earn from mutual fund companies of – all types of fees and revenues we earn from mutual fund companies in the private client group segment. But, again, going back to Paul's comments, we're not even sure that those fees would actually be totally impacted by the new proposal. As we, kind of, go through it and look through all the exemptions. So, we haven't disclosed a estimate of what portion of those fees we think would actually be impacted is, because we don't know what that estimate would be. So, until we get more guidance on that item, you can kind of reference that line item in the queue under the private client group segment. That's probably as good a number as any for you to look at.
Chris Harris: Okay, great. I'll check that out. And then, real quick, a question on the numbers this quarter. Jeff, thanks a lot for walking through all those expense items. Just one follow up on that. It seems like a lot of those discrete items were in PCG. Yet, you had a pretty decent drop off in the capital markets margin this quarter. I know you had the $3 million item that impacted the numbers there. But, was there anything else to call out in capital markets while you saw a bit of drop off there in the margin?
Paul Reilly: Well, you see the investment, actually, in the new practices was, kind of, a light number all in between recruiting fees, guarantees, startup costs. And, you also – it's, as our business shifts and we look and estimate comp, we're better as we get to the end of the year in that business to get better estimates at the end of the quarter. So again, it had a lot of shifting pieces in it. But, there's certainly those 2 pieces, that on a smaller business, that had an impact on the bottom line.
Chris Harris: Great. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Oh yes, the other one is – I'm sorry, as Jeff just pointed out to me, is, the other impact is Canada has had a very difficult market. Not just for us, for everybody. And, the results there have been, from a bottom line standpoint, haven't been positive. So, and that's across the board. Even with our competitors, because it's a commodity, energy-based market. So, those numbers have dragged down significantly too this quarter. That's the other big factor.
Operator: Okay. Does that complete your question?
Chris Harris: It does. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Bill Katz with Citi.
Ryan Bailey: Hello. This is actually Ryan Bailey filling in for Bill. I just had a quick question on margins and ROE targets. And, how we should think about that going forward? And, kind of, what might be the main drive with there? Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Yes, we're – for the moment we're sticking with for the year that to exceed 15% margin. We would like to hit 12% ROE. We know we're behind that, even for the first 6 months here. Still, our 12% ROE goal, in this particular interest rate environment. As we get into the 2016 budgeting process, we're going to be revisiting the targets for margins in all of our businesses. As well as the overall firm. And, when we arrive at those, we'll make them more public. But, for this fiscal year we haven't shifted in the middle of the year here because we don't expect any change in interest rates either.
Ryan Bailey: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Christian Bolu with Credit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Good morning, guys.
Paul Reilly: Hello, Christian.
Christian Bolu: Hello. Just a broader question on expenses. Ignoring the ins and outs of this quarter, expense efficiency just seems to be a recurrent theme for you. And, I think some of your other peers. Just curious if there's anything in your pertinent environment that's driving this? Is there increased competition that's driving higher marketing spend? Or, is the rise of robo-advisors fill in the need to, just, improve technology capabilities?
Paul Reilly: I don't think the robo-advisor factor is certainly topical, but not impacting our business really at all. So, I think we've been running under our technology and investment run rate, which has helped drive our recruiting. Because, we have a extremely competitive platform in technology now and we continue to advance it. But, we've told you it's low-to-mid 60s as a run rate. And, we believe as a run rate average, that's what we're going to come in this quarter. The marketing, our budget for the year, is the same budget we've had all year. It's just lumpy. We just had a bigger expenses quarter because we run them in flights. We don't run all year round and it just happened to hit this quarter. So, I don't think anything in the expense. Sure, we run high levels of back office support. We always have. It's part of our model. But, I don't anything's fundamentally changed. And, if you look at the first 6 month run rates and what we've given as guidance, we don't see anything that's fundamentally different. It's just a – we got a lot of hits this quarter.
Jeff Julien: Yes, I'd say Chris, and even over comparing this to a year ago or 2 years ago or anything else. That, we have – we're bigger. So, we have some increased absolute expenses. But, the only area I'd say that disproportionately has increased in expenses has been compliance and regulatory. Which, is obviously mainly in the admin side of the P&L comp expense, but.
Paul Reilly: We're not alone and that.
Jeff Julien: Yes.
Christian Bolu: Okay. That's fair.
Jeff Julien: I don't see anything fundamental in the other expense line items that are responsive to anything in the environment.
Christian Bolu: Okay. That's fair. Just switching over to, kind of, M&A and acquisitions for you. I know you've been clear that asset management is a priority. You did the Koger deal, but that was fairly small. I'm just curious as to what's holding back, you guys pulling the trigger on the bigger deals? Is it that you just haven't found the right targets? Or, price or just something else?
Paul Reilly: Yes, we're very clear that our strategy is, first, has to have a cultural hit. Secondly, it's strategic fit. And, third, has to be at a fair price. And, the hardest filter is the first one. A lot of the companies that we're interested in, because they share our culture and, we think our values and background, are private and not for sale. So, that's problematic. But, we believe a number of those companies will go through owner, founder transitions. So, we stay close to them. So, we continue to talk to a lot of people. We stay very close. We're very active. We're very desirous of doing something. But, they have to fit the criteria. So, I'll tell you, we're more and more active and we talk on more and more deals and upwards. But, we're very disciplined on spending cash.
Christian Bolu: Okay. And then, just a follow up question on this long-term operating margins for you guys, for the firm. We can do the math in terms of, like, how much margins should improve as rates rise. But, just curious, is there a natural level at which, kind of, margins max out for you? Just given competitive forces that should come into play as, maybe, as rates rise?
Jeff Julien: Sure. I mean, it's – your margins definitely are not going to be rising forever. So, given our current mix of businesses. Once we get the benefit of interest rate lift, and we will get some modest benefits of scale in some of the businesses over time. But, it won't be as material as the impact of interest rates. So, I've – if, a couple hundred basis points from here in terms of margin, is probably a realistic cap. Given the dynamics and businesses that we're in today. The world can change on a dime, but we don't anticipate that.
Christian Bolu: Okay, fair. And then, just lastly for me. I apologize if I missed this one in the earlier remarks, but an investment advisory fee line. I think revenues there were up, kind of, 3% year over year. Which, kind of, lagged significantly the pace of AUM goals. It just seems like it was more like 11%. Do you have any color on what was driving that, kind of, revenue lag while if it to AUM?
Jeff Julien: Yes, it's been a pretty – if you look at the components of our assets, which I think are disclosed in the queue in chart form. The components of our AUM, you'll see that the growth has come in what we would call our lower fee type products. Which, the most of – a lot of, large part of the growth has come in the lower fee products. Predominantly, the product we call, "Freedom." There's a Freedom in our Freedom UMA, which are managed mutual fund portfolios. And, given the significant costs embedded in mutual funds already, we don't feel like we can layer on a particularly large charge on top of that to manage that. So, that's where a lot of the growth has come from and it's a very low fee relative to, say, a separate managed account where you're managing equities.
Christian Bolu: That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you and that completes your question?
Christian Bolu: Yes, it does.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham.
Jim Mitchell: Hey. Good morning.
Paul Reilly: Morning.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe, just on the growth in fee-based assets. You guys were up, I think, 4.7% quarter over quarter. That seemed quite a bit stronger from mark – versus the market impact. Can you – I know you guys don't just disclose flows into fee-based assets. But, is that a fair assumption? Or, was there something unusual on the promo market impact? Or, is that just reflective of the higher recruiting in the assets coming over? And, quite a bit of it was net new assets?
Paul Reilly: It's recruiting. It's net at new assets. We've had net asset inflows and we've – just recruiting is very very strong, and that drives asset management also.
Jeff Julien: And, a lot of it's billed in advance, obviously. So, that'll be a good harbinger for next quarter.
Jim Mitchell: Right that should be priced in next quarter? Okay. And then, maybe just another stab at the fiduciary duty. Just maybe, bigger picture. Obviously, there's a lot of moving parts. We don't know how it's going to play out. But, if there's some pressure on some revenue stream that says, hey, this is not allowed under a fiduciary standard. I mean, just big picture, do you guys feel that you have pricing power to maintain pricing regardless of what an individual revenue stream may fall away on the way side? Can you reprice somewhere else? Or, do you feel like this is a – if there is some impact on a particular revenue stream that you won't be able to make it up?
Paul Reilly: It – that's kind of hard to say. I would say overall, if you look at where we are in terms of size and distribution power, that we should be able to. If one source of payment goes down and we have to change it, you would assume that, I don't know in the short term. But, over time, it's going to even out. And, in the worst parts of the law, you would say we'd have to get rid of some accounts and assets because they're not cost-effective. On the other hand, those accounts are not profitable to us, in general anyway. So, it's really hard to tell the net income. I do think, that at the end of the day, it's a very competitive market. We have a valuable franchise and distribution. And, I think people are going to pay us fairly to access that. But, I don't how it's going to look.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, no, I appreciate that color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin with Susquehanna
Douglas Sipkin: Thank you and good morning to all. Just had a couple of questions here. First, I figured I'd add that I'm pretty sure I know the answer I'm going to get. I'm looking at your record results for the first 6 months. Yet, your ROEs, kind of, to trend down. And, it just feels like the logical thing to do, is maybe, shrink the equity somewhat. And, I know you guys are not hip to doing buybacks. But, I still struggle with, why you guys wouldn't, at a minimum, just buy back the dissolution from new awards. It seems like a pretty common practice in the industry to do that. Just doing that alone could probably – would've shrunk the share count couple million shares over the last year-and-a-half. So, I'm just curious, are you guys are considering that, given a little bit of pressure showing now on the ROE?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I don't think it's – philosophically, a year ago, the board's position was that we felt we could deploy the capital and that a nominal share buyback was really kind of a false signal. We knew it pacify people, but it really didn't move the needle but 1 or 2% in the deployment of capital to be stronger. I think we reported after the last board meeting, that it was an item that was under further discussion. And, I think an item that will be looked at again. We've told you guys and our shareholders, our job isn't to hoard capital. We don't do it. In fact, our – holdbacks on our compensation each year as a management team are RSUs. Half of that holdback is indexed to ROE targets. So, we're not incented to hoard capital for the heck of it. We're trying to do what's best for our shareholders and how we think we can use it. So, the topic and discussion of the board is not dead. I'm sure it'll come back up and if we can't find uses for the capital, we will look at ways of returning it. So, I think it's a fair question, Doug. I'm surprised it took so long to come up. But, maybe we had enough operating expense questions, that it took a little longer to hit this time. But, it's a fair question and we are looking at.
Douglas Sipkin: Yes, okay, no, that's great to hear and I appreciate the color on the targets related to stock awards and things like that. That's very helpful. Secondly, so, obviously, great run with the recruiting. You're seeing it in the fee-based accounts. You're seeing it in FAs. You're obviously, you're seeing it in some the front-end costs. I mean, it's been a couple of quarters with this. So, looking out 6 months. I mean, are we still on this toward pace here? Or, are you guys sensing, maybe, there's a little bit of flatlining of the recruiting? I mean, it still looks like you guys are winning advisors and your pipeline of new people coming in is pretty good. But, I'm just curious to get your pulse?
Paul Reilly: Yes, right now I remind our people, don't believe the press everyone's writing about us. Because, they're going to write other stuff someday. So, but the truth is our recruiting's going great. We've been one of those firms that have just been attractive to advisors. Pipeline's very strong. It's lumpy. We have a lot of people that like to change after year end. Just like in other places. After their bonuses and things. But, having said that, if you look at the pace of – in summer months it slows down a little bit typically. But the pace and the backlog are very very strong. And, our discussions aren't, are they going to fall off? It's, maybe we should even increase our recruiting sales force more and take advantage of the position we're in. So, the six-month year end outlook is very very good. But, we know these things don't go forever. And, just like good markets don't go forever. So, we're trying to take advantage of it while we can. And, also to make sure our FAs are very very happy here and that we keep continue with high support level. So, and retention is the key. I think our real net recruiting's really good. But, the nice thing about the firm is we don't have to chase a dark hole that a lot of firms have to chase with advisors leaving. Our regret attrition stays low and that's a big focus for us too. So, the outlook is still good.
Douglas Sipkin: Great. That's helpful. And then shifting gears. So, I've been very encouraged to see the fixed income commissions start to show a little bit of life. 2 consecutive quarters of sequential improvement. I mean, just curious, digging a little deeper into that marketplace. I mean, as you get the sense that this quarter here in March was kind of an anomaly? Given the rate volatility? Or, are you maybe, picking up that there's a little bit of a sustainable trend improvement that may be coming about in this market? Because I know there was a point in time where this was doing $80, $90 million in quarterly revenues a quarter now, obviously still a long ways away from that. But, the last 2 quarters have seen a real nice uptick. So, I'm just curious, is there more there? Or, is it just too hard to call?
Paul Reilly: I'd say the trend has continued so far. Certainly, at the last few years we always wondered every quarter if it was the bottom, but, it wasn't. As people stop trading, and certainly the 2 big drivers of the fixed income business there, is rate volatility and slope of the yield curve. So, if the Fed raises short-term rates and we have a flat yield curve at 2% from 1 day to 30 years, it wouldn't be good for the business. If there's volatility and speculation on that, it's good for the business. So far, that momentum has kept up and it's nice to see for us that institutional commissions have picked up and there's activity and that's continued so far. So, how long it lasts is a function of volatility in the markets and what happens with the rates. We've got a great team though. We've got a really – I've told our team in the last 2 years we had an A+ team working in a D market. And, I think when a business is really terrible and you can stay at double-digit margins, you're doing really well and they've done a good job.
Douglas Sipkin: Great. And then, just the last question and I know it's been hit on today, the fiduciary standard. I'll maybe, try to approach it from a different perspective. Can you, maybe, just shed a little bit of light on the philosophy of your guys' advisor business? And, some of the products that you have historically, sort of, shied away from? Because, I think that, maybe, provide a good framework of sort of, how the business has been run for a long time period, rather than, sort of, focusing on, obviously what's going to be some compliance headaches from a potential.
Paul Reilly: The philosophy of this firm way before me is to be very conservative in client product. And, then every new product is to say, the first green isn't what we make. Is it good for the advis – for the client? Does it give returns compared to other things existing in the market? Is the risk less for the return? And, is it explainable? So, very early on, the firm was a pioneer in requiring, in variable annuities, to lower the front-end fees. In fact, firms had to manufacture those products specifically for us because we didn't want the upfront loads. And, pricing of the riders and everything had to be fair. It wasn't about the firm. It was the client. Our non-traded REITs. We've stayed out of that market. It's not that we think all non-traded REITs are bad, but, we look at liquidity versus return and the valuations of – and we said it's not worth it for clients. You looked at closed-end funds. We have very strict leverage ratios. It doesn't mean there's a lot of great product that we won't sell. But, we said, hey, the leverage in the return isn't worth the yield enhancement. So, that's always been our philosophy and it's been the philosophy in the products and the things we sell. Now having said that, I think for a lot of accounts, commissions are a lot better for small accounts than a continuing fee. And, at the heart of this fiduciary standard, commissions are bad, isn't fair. And, that's the heart of the debate. Now, we can all find examples in the industry and all of our firms where there's always the 1% bad actors. But, you shouldn't penalize all the really great people that are doing the right thing for clients. We should get after those folks as an industry and as regulators to make sure we penalize the misbehaviors and take care of those clients. Instead of just messing up the whole industry. Which, honestly, I believe will leave millions of people without advice and that they're getting today. So, that's the heart of the debate. So, and we're still in it and we're continuing to work with the DOL. The great thing is all the trade groups are in line on this. And, we don't have a split between the custodial firms and the broker/dealers. And, then we all, kind of, agree on this approach and we'll see where it ends up.
Douglas Sipkin: Great. Thanks for answering all that.
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Hey, good morning, guys.
Paul Reilly: Hello, Joel.
Joel Jeffrey: Just a follow-up to Doug's first question. I mean, in thinking about, potentially, buybacks. Just curious as to how much you guys believe you have in excess capital? Not just necessarily above what's required by regulators. But, what you see in terms of operating the business currently?
Paul Reilly: It depends how you look at it. There's probably a couple hundred million, 200 to 300, if you really go through it. But, we also have a bond issue coming due next year. And, people could say, well, why don't you just refinance in these low rates? We tend to be very anti-debt. Again, not just for our clients. We keep the same philosophy for ourself. And, so when we look at that, that's kind of the excess level. And, it doesn't mean that we couldn't do a much larger transaction in a good asset management business and take on some more debt and use our equity. So, we're not adverse to it for the right situation. But, we kind of, view that as, kind of, the excess real capital that we have today.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then, when you talked about, clearly, the negative impact to the underwriting business tied to what's going on in energy markets for you guys. Do you also see that on a go forward basis, kind of, plying out in terms of equity-based commissions from the institutional side of the business?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I don't know if I can make that call. There's certainly been a lot of activity and speculation in the equity mark – in the energy markets of people making bets that oil's going down and oil's going up. So if – and clients, we have a lot of people that have gotten in.
Jeff Julien: But, our commission base is pretty broad.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Jeff Julien: I mean, they're buying a lot of sectors, not just energy. And to – low energy prices are good for a lot of other sectors. So, that – it definitely – the equity commissions were down. But, that was just related to the underwriting activity. Maybe, underwriting activity'll pick up in some of the other sectors that are beneficiaries. Others that are beneficiaries.
Paul Reilly: And, so, the commission drop is, as Jeff pointed out, as I said in my remarks is really underwriting driven. There's nothing else fundamentally. So, if you took out those factors, it would – there wouldn't have really been a decline.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay.
Jeff Julien: And we're adding SVUs and we were just continuing to build out, both consumer and life sciences to help augment some of the underwriting activity of the firm.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then, Jeff, I think you mentioned that there were some items on your balance sheet that you could get better, potentially better risk-weighted treatment under Basel IIi. Can you just talk a little bit about what those might be?
Jeff Julien: We're, there – it's kind of hard to go into detail at this point in time. But, there's some pretty significant pots of assets that it's unclear to us just exactly how they're supposed to be treated. And, we've asked for regulatory guidance. And, like I said, we've treated them all as though they're the most heavily. But, I don't want to get into any of the details right now. Until we get the regulatory guidance. It won't – I mean, it's not going to move the ratio 10,000 basis points. It might move it 100 basis points.
Paul Reilly: Again, we think we've taken a very conservative approach overall. I believe we have some of upside on that.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then, just lastly, for me. I apologize if you guys touched on this earlier. But, in terms of the impact on the fewer number of business days on the investment advisory revenue line. Can you just talk about how that impacts the actual billing of the client?
Jeff Julien: The client gets billed based on the number of days in the quarter over 365. So, we're getting a lower fee in that quarter from clients. Given it's 90 days, instead of 92 or 92 or 91, which the others are for that quarter. And, that into the investment advisory fee line item. And, obviously, it affects interest earnings as well at the bank, which is done on a daily basis. So 2.2% fewer relative to December quarter. It's the same as last year's March though.
Joel Jeffrey: And, do you have a – do you know specifically how much on a revenue basis that actually impacted the number this quarter?
Jeff Julien: I don't have an exact figure. I don't have an exact figure on that note. I'm sorry.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Paul Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Chris Allen: Morning, guys.
Paul Reilly: Hey.
Chris Allen: Apologies if these were already asked. I joined the call a little bit late. But, I was just wondering, the business development increase in the sequential basis. How much was due to recruiting related and how much was due to an ad spend increase? I'm just trying to break it down.
Paul Reilly: This is to development; how much recruiting versus?
Jeff Julien: Oh, the advertising spike was, called a spike, was between $4.5 million versus a normalized run rate. So, I would say it was a little bit slanted toward that. Because recruiting's been active for a while. But, I'd say it was a little bit more slanted toward the TV air time purchases. To the tune of $4 to $4.5 million. Something in that range.
Chris Allen: Got it, okay. And then, in the asset management segment, pre-tax margins were down in the year-over-year basis. Even though you see nice revenue growth, nice AUM growth. I'm just wondering if you could give any color there? What's driving that and whether that could, it – the trajectory there could change?
Paul Reilly: Well, that relates to the shift in, to the lower fee products that I, that was talked about earlier. If, maybe you weren't on the call then. But, if you just look at the – a mix of where the assets in the – are being held, it's – there's been a bit of a shift to some of the lower fee products to us. Particularly, the Freedom account products. Which, again, as I mentioned, were, are mutual – managed mutual fund portfolios that have pretty high embedded costs already in the underlying mutual funds. So, we add a fairly modest margin on top of that.
Jeff Julien: But, Chris, if you look at the first 2 quarters compared. First half of the fiscal year versus the last fiscal year, the margin improved from 33.6% to 36.6%. So, there was about a 300 basis point improvement in margin on a year-over-year basis. If you look at the first 6 months, which is important to do because of the noise you may have in any 1 quarter that can really impact their margins given their revenue base. So, there is operating leverage occurring, as Paul mentioned in his opening remarks.
Chris Allen: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Okay, thank you. At this time, I'm not showing any further questions.
Paul Reilly: Well, thank you all for joining us. We know it was a difficult quarter. I wish we could give better guidance as these – as this quarter happens. It's the same thing as last year. Net strong, we think, start to the year. Our best first 6 month start ever. We've gotten, if you look at the key indicators of our business, recruiting, FA count, assets under administration, assets under management, net bank loans, all at quarterly, kind of, records. And, so, that's going to position us well for the next quarter. And, we have to fight in this environment like everyone else to bring it in. So, I – just make sure that when you look at the quarter and, kind of, normalize the expenses, I think the six-month run rate is a good proxy for that. So, thank you for attending us. We know on a busy day here with a lot of calls. And, we'll talk to you soon. Thank you, Therese.
Operator: You're welcome. And, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. And, thank you for your participation. That does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-10-31 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Earnings Call for Raymond James Financial Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014. My name is Felicia, and I will be your conference facilitator today. This call is being recorded and would be available on the company's website. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Shoukry, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Good morning, and thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules to join us this morning. We certainly do not take your time or interest in Raymond James for granted, so thank you. After reading the following disclosure, I'll turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated savings, financial results, industry or market conditions, demands for our products, acquisitions, anticipated results of litigation & regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition to words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intends, plans, projects, forecasts and future and conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should and would as well as any other statements that necessarily depends on future events or intended to identify forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent forms 10-Q, which are available on the SEC's website at sec.gov. So with that, I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. So it's always a little weird, little scary releasing the day before Halloween. And even though the ghouls and goblins seem to come out in October, I think we ended up with more of a treat than a trick for the quarter. It's a great quarter to close out a great year. 33 records as we counted them, so we're not going to go through them all. Hopefully, I'll try not to use the word through them all. The fiscal year, again, great, with $4.86 billion, 8% increase year-over-year, $480 million net income, which is a 31% increase before all the adjustments, 15% after. EPS of fully diluted, $3.32 a share. Those are all records for us. And the September quarter, $1.29 billion of revenue, up 6% over last year. I mean, sequentially. Net income, $136.4 million, up 11% sequentially and $0.94 per fully diluted share. So our record annual net revenue for all 4 segments, we all -- I think that people focused on M&A, but if you look across the firm, we actually had a record year and revenue for all 4 segments and a record pretax in 3 of the 4 segments, except for the bank, which had really a second best year and very good performance. So 12.3% ROE to our shareholders on an over 20% capital, I think a good return to the shareholders. I want to pause here a second just to say how extremely grateful I am to all our advisers and associates who worked hard. I think this validates our combination with Morgan Keegan a few years ago, which has been seamlessly integrated now. And based on the culture here that Bob and Tom James have built, honestly, it's kind an easy firm to run and hit -- point it in the right direction as people have executed extremely well. I'm going to talk for a few minutes about the segment and then Jeff Julien is going to go over the more detailed items that have affected the results. In the Private Client Group for the September quarter, net revenues of $861.1 million, which is 16% over the prior year quarter and up 5% sequentially. And the pretax of $100.2 million is up 55% over the prior year quarter and 23% sequentially. Annually, $3.27 billion of net revenue, up 12% over the prior year, and pretax income of $330 million, up 43% over the prior year. Now these were all driven by a number of factors. Certainly, market appreciation helped, but we had our second best recruiting year ever. Certainly, our great recruiting is driving that, and our client-pricing initiatives all at it. And Jeff is going to add some commentary especially for the quarter on IT and fees, which certainly helped the numbers. IT may well be a little bit more temporary help for the quarter as we're in transition between projects, and our new fee schedules also would have some adjustments on an ongoing basis. Private Client Group asset is up $450.6 billion. It's up 11.9% for the year, down slightly for the quarter. And I'm going to address that a little bit later. Advisers now stand at 6,265. We're always proud when we have robust recruiting, but the key for our firm is retention, as we focus every day on retention of our great advisers. That's been the key to our financial success. We reached the 10.1% marked target -- we beat the 10% target margin for this segment. Both divisions, RJA and RJFS, our employee and independent advisers, performed very well; and also our IRA division, which we've started to aggressively roll out is showing promising recruiting results. Capital Markets, a big story for the quarter, $263.6 million, 9% over last year's quarter, 11% sequentially up. Our record pretax profits of 39.5% for the quarter, down 2% really from last year's quarter, which is very good, up 41% sequentially; and they hit a 15% pretax margin for the quarter. Annually, the $966.2 million, up 3% over the previous year. Pretax of $130.6 million, up 28% over the prior year. This is really strong in investment banking results for the quarter of $115 million, $340 million for the year driven really by M&A. M&A was $150 million for the year, up 19%; but $57 million of that hit this quarter. Underwriting, $100 million, up 14%. Fixed Income banking of $55 million, up 15%. And Tax Credit Funds at $34 million, up 40%. So a lot of factors contributed across that brought a strong quarter in Capital Markets. Somewhat muted by the Fixed Income performance, which we believe our Fixed Income team did an exceptional job in a very tough margin. We had headwinds. Fixed Income institutional commissions were down 25% over last year, over $80 million. But the trading profits doubled holding profitability very steady for the year, so great performance on a very tough market. Public finance continue to grow in recruitment builder franchise, and again, we had a Top 10 ranking on our way to another Top 10 ranking in public finance this year. Asset Management, similarly, very, very good quarter and year, $94.9 million, up 17% over last year's quarter and 4% sequentially on the revenue side. And record pretax of $35.3 million, up 15% over last year's quarter and 13% sequentially. Overall, if you look at the year, though, with revenue at $369.7 million, up 28% year-over-year and the pretax of $128.3 million, up 33% over last year. It's a very strong performance. The AUM year-over-year is up 15.4% and down slightly this quarter. I know people that had questions on flows, but when you really look at the net flows, we're up 7.7% for the year. That's 15.4%. If you look at the quarter, although the S&P was somewhat flat, the small-cap in International segment was down about 5%, which had a little more drag on this segment given our concentration in the small cap space in our Eagle division. RJA Bank. Revenues are $93.1 million for the quarter, up 4% over last year and 2% sequentially. Pretax of $64.1 million, down 12% over last year and 1% sequentially. Record revenues of $351.8 million for the year, up 1%. Pretax down 9% at $242.8 million. The story of the year was just great net loan growth. We ended up with a record net loans of $10.96 billion, up 24% over last year and 5.7% sequentially. This is a great accomplishment given our conservative underwriting standards to be able to drive that loan growth. And the offset to that loan growth was NIM compression. If you look at through the year, we almost had a 27% drop basis -- point drop in the NIM. The good news, it looks like the NIM has improved this quarter, and Jeff's going to comment on that a little bit. Credit metrics continue to be strong and improved. All in all, quite a year, quite a quarter, and I want to congratulate our team. And now I'll turn it over to Jeff Julien. Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Thanks, Paul. Given that it can be a little bit difficult from that segments to line items, we started the practice now of me actually walking through some of the line items, and I'll comment on some of the factors within those line items and kind of give you our take on or feel for those line items going forward as best as we can. Not a lot to say about securities commissions and fees, I think you all know the drivers there in PCG. I can tell you that the billings on October 1 were flat to slightly up from July 1, which is indicative of the billings happening before we hit the low point here in this recent 9% mini-correction. In addition to that, for next year, we are anticipating some continued good recruiting. We hope that continues to -- at roughly the rate that it's been going, that would be wonderful. Also, the recent volatility, actually both in interest rate and in the equity markets, that will help on the institutional commission side. Although, during the year, it was pretty benign in terms of volatility, but we certainly seen some to start this current fiscal year. Paul has talked about the very, very strong investment banking revenues. This is probably our most difficult line item to budget in the revenue side. We averaged this year around $85 million per quarter. Perhaps, that's a reasonable baseline for looking forward and whatever you're projecting for your pure Investment Banking clients in terms of change for next year, maybe you assume something similar for that division within our company. Net interest income is interesting. It's nice to see it surpassed $100 million for the quarter. The biggest driver there, of course, was the bank. We did see that 14 basis point net interest margin improvement. We've been talking at least the last couple of quarters about how NIM was -- the NIM compression was slowing down and, I guess, I'll go and stick my neck out a little bit and say it looks like it's bounced off the bottom at least for the very near term. The 14 basis point improvement sequentially was really a combination of factors. Some of it was additional corporate loan fees that were recognized because of some payoffs. But also, we were able to put some of our cash for our investments of the bank to work in the loans, and -- but around all that, there truly was some net interest margin improvement in the outstanding portfolio of about 4 basis points, and we have made a comment in the press release that it appears that new productions being done at higher levels, and I can certainly attest to that as part of the Loan Committee. So looking what's in the pipeline, it looks like we're off the bottom there. Going forward, we're not projecting a dramatic rebound in net interest margin. We are projecting some pretty healthy loan growth, and I'll let Steve Raney, who's here with us, talk about that shortly. But we are just kind of projecting NIM to hold flat around 3% for this year. Again, we're not projecting any interest rate hikes either this year. Account and service fees, I think caught everybody a little bit offguard in terms of the 10% sequential growth throughout $112 million for the quarter. Some of that relates to, I guess, I'll have to say some sort of some catch-up entries as we negotiated some contracts, we brought in some outside assets under the billing process and things like that. Some of it actually relate a little bit to the June quarter, but we didn't have the numbers in time to record them there, didn't know what they were at the time. So in terms of our run rate, looking forward, probably about $108 million of that $112 million is probably about the true run rate of where we are at this point in time. We talked about trading profits. The only thing I'll remind you of is when you look at the year-over-year comparison, remember that last year included that May-June muni-market swoon that impacted trading profits quite negatively for the year. Other than that quarter, they've been pretty steady at that $14 million, $15 million per quarter rate. So that's, again, given the market environment, that's a pretty good accomplishment. Other revenues, I think you know the main driver in that line in the past has been private equity activity. We did have a lot less gain in that than we did in the preceding quarter. We also have other things hitting in there. We talked about foreign currency gains and losses in the past at the bank. We did actually have a gain in the June quarter and a loss in the September quarter in that line item, so that was about a $4 million swing or $3.3 million swing quarter-to-quarter. I'm happy to report that between maturities and us transferring the remaining Canadian-denominated loans to our Canadian-financing sub at the bank, we won't be talking about that factor going forward. On the expense side, comp obviously gets a lot of discussion. We did achieve the run rate that we were hoping to by the end of the fiscal year. We hit the 67.7% for the fourth quarter, and we actually end up with 68.1% for the entire fiscal year. I don't know that we're moving the benchmark a lot but we -- if we can stay sub-68% for the coming year with some revenue growth, I think that we'll be -- see some margin improvement. Paul mentioned the data communications expenses. We did kind of take just a little bit of a hiatus this quarter, this past quarter as we completed some projects and just decided not to launch right into a bunch of new ones for a couple of months. So we did see -- and some of the projects we completed that we've been working on now hit the capitalization phase. That's a little bit hard to predict. So while we think the mid-60s number we've been guiding you to is probably still right on an annual basis. It's a little bit lumpy. It's not always going to be a consistent number, so we're still sort of expecting that run rate spend -- it was $63 million per quarter this year and $64 million for the quarter the year before that, so I think that, guidance-wise, we still think that we'll average that. We certainly are not going to abandon our investments we're making in technology to help support our financial advisers. The bank loan loss returned to what I'd call somewhat more normal levels, still a little bit low relative to the 24% loan growth. But last year's was just abnormally low. Obviously, at $2 million given all the credit enhancement we had. We had some of that this year, some credit improvement which caused some declines in growth. But going forward, we don't have -- as you can see, our criticized asset balances are coming down dramatically, so there's not a whole lot of additional credits to be gained from credit improvement. There's still some but we're -- we would expect a more normal 130 to 140 basis point charge on loan growth for the next year. The other expense line item, there's many small items that come in that, the only one of any magnitude, and it wasn't particularly large, was some legal expenses that hit during the quarter, bigger than the preceding quarter. That's another one that bounces around a little bit, but still at a very reasonable rate in terms of total expense. I will talk about the tax rate just for a second. It came in at a little under 36% for the year. And a lot of that versus our 37% to 37.5% guidance for the year, at the beginning of the year, had to do with the strong equity market and the tax-exempt gains realized on our corporate-owned life insurance portfolio. I guess, guidance-wise, I'd say that we're still probably at 37% to 37.5-somewhere-in-that-range percent taxpayer in a flat market environment given the various factors that we have that impact our rate. In an upmarket, I think you can sort of assume that rate's going to be 100 to 150 basis points better with the corporate-owned life insurance swing; and that in a poor market, just the opposite. So what rate you use, I guess would depend a little bit on your outlook for the market. A couple of other factors, we did, did a 13.4% ROE for the quarter and 12.3% for the year. I'll remind you that 12% is somewhat our target rate for this interest rate environment. We'll have a very different target when we get to -- if and when we get to a more normal interest rate levels. Shareholders' equity got to $4.1 billion. That's up 13.1% over last year, notwithstanding the almost $100 million et cetera that went out in dividends. And I will lastly mention our leverage ratio, which actually has improved, as simple assets to equity leverage ratio was 6.3 a year ago, and now it's down to 5.6. And those factors have continued to drive a very positive regulatory capital ratios as well. So all looks very strong on that front.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Just the outlook Jeff kind of touched on our go-forward PCG building starting in the quarter. I think the key for this quarter is volatility, and certainly, as asset levels stayed down, they've recovered and that's where they're heading now. It'll affect next quarter, but the volatility has opened some of the trading side, as you know, a big chunk of our Private Client Group is fee-based. The recruiting pipeline is still very, very strong. We're hoping to surpass last year's recruiting. From a goal standpoint, this last year was our second best year ever to '09 when there's kind of a slight -- some, yes, certain players that were in the paper, certain that weren't and we were certainly beneficiaries of that. But our recruiting pipeline stays very strong, and also for a very high producing advisers both in terms of assets and revenue, with multi-million dollar team visits are common every day here now. And we'll continue to focus recruiting throughout the country, but we've expanded with particular focus out West and in the Northeast where we gained progress. Asset management. Again, assets should grow as we recruit to PCG. Market volatility may create some headwinds in AUM. Certainly, the market impacts that but we think we're in good shape. As we've always said, we continue to look and our actively looking for niche acquisitions to grow that business. The capital markets side. The equity side of the business certainly had a strong year. And just that $85 million average might be a number, but this was a record year for us, and you never know what the market -- where that number goes. As he said, probably the hardest one to predict, and -- but we have expanded our tech practice starting a few years ago broaden our consumer team and expanding into another SDU as we're looking, so we're continuing to make investments and very happy with our backlog. It's strong and with our people. But again, the market's going to play a big factor in that. Fixed Income, the headwinds will continue. October started very volatile in the markets, which was tougher on trading profits but was positive on commissions, so who knows where it'll settle out as the market settles out. But we have a great team, and they're well positioned. In public finance, we continue to grow. We've done a great job in California and other states adding bankers and continue to stay a Top 10 banker, and we'll use this downturn to recruit good people to build the platform. Bank loan growth looks very strong. Runoff has dropped from 30% to 20% and production's up. We also have a contract to purchase $235 million of 5/1 adjustable resi loans that should close in December as we finish our due diligence, and we expect that will close, and that'll happen near the end of the quarter. But I think you're going to see strong loan growth as a start in the quarter. And again, I think, every time we predicted loan growth, we're -- the market changes, and the next quarter may be different, but we look like we're in good shape there. So all in all, I think a strong quarter, a strong year. And Jeff has something to add before we turn it over to questions.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, when you look at the year-to-year results, which are as shown in the press release, the GAAP results, I just want to remind you some of the comparative factors that play into that. If you remember, last year included about a $74 million in revenues from the sale of a private equity holding, which -- majority of which was not to our interest, which obviously impacted noncontrolling interest, but that was an item that drove that other revenues last year. Secondly, we had that May-June muni swoon I talked about in trading profits last year, which certainly impacted that comparison. And on the expense side last year, we were still showing $73.5 million of integration costs, which we're no longer showing as we're fully integrated. And last year, we had that abnormally low loan loss provision despite some pretty strong loan growth in 2013. So when you put some kind of reasonable adjustment, all of those out of the ordinary type factors, I think that you would say that on adjusted basis, the revenue, which we recorded an 8% increase actually increased more than that on operating basis. But on the other hand, while we showed a 33% increase in pretax profits, as shown on the bottom of the segment page for the year, pretax income growth, I think that when you adjust for all those factors, it probably wasn't quite that good, but it was still a very, very strong performance year-over-year.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Okay. And with that, we'll turn it back -- we'll turn it over to you operator, Felicia, for question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
Ryan Bailey: This is actually Ryan Bailey filling in for Bill. My question was regarding -- I know you mentioned it. I was wondering what your outlook is for the investment banking business. We know M&A has been pretty good over the last couple of quarters. Do you have any color into that going forward?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I wish I did. As we said, it's the hardest one to predict. I would just say that we came off of a kind of a record quarter for M&A and very strong for banking. Backlog is very good. The market in October certainly on the underwriting business pushed some deals back, but they didn't cancel. We think the pipeline is strong. But you have to remember, this was a very, very strong quarter, so I wouldn't anticipate -- I hope we repeat it and grow from here. I wouldn't anticipate that though. And Jeff gave you the average for the year. That might be good for the next quarter given where we were, but again, the market changes by the week or by the day sometimes, sometimes by the hour.
Ryan Bailey: Sorry, if you don't mind, another question just kind of on, I guess, a different topic. Just wondering -- I know you mentioned again the asset management business kind of looking for tuck-in acquisitions there. Do you have -- anything that you're looking at in particular? Or anything on the pipeline?
Paul Christopher Reilly: We've been aggressively looking for 2 years, and we're just very conservative and cautious, so we've talked to lots of firms, and it's always a -- part of it's a timing issue sometimes. You like each other, and it's not the right time. Sometimes, we don't agree on the price. And if there's not a culture fit, we won't even start. So we've been actively talking, and we don't have anything to announce. But we're -- I'm proud of the effort they're making in the market and the due diligence. When we do talk to people, it's pretty heavy. And if we find it, we'll close. If we won't, we don't. And the ones that have been nearer term were more active than a little smaller, but that could change tomorrow, too, so...
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
James F. Mitchell: Can you talk a little bit about -- you've noted for the last couple of quarters record recruiting, but it looks like this quarter, the number of new updates kind of slowed. Is it just sort of a timing issue? How should we think about that? Because I think as we looked at it sequentially, it was up couple -- maybe 20 basis points in terms of growth. Do you think we should expect that to pick up?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, there's 2 pieces to it. First is it's a net number when you see it. And unfortunately, it's not just regretted attrition. I mean, some is regretted. We've had a number of deaths. We have a number of retirements as an over FA force. We do have occasional regretted attrition, although, that's low. And we do have times where people leave the industry just because at the lower end, they're not making it, so it's a hard net number. But if you look at productivity per adviser, part of that is market driven, but a lot of it is a higher end FAs coming in. So the number is a little lumpy. It was -- 2 quarters ago, it was really large [indiscernible] This quarter, it looks flattish. But if you average it out, I think it's pretty steady. And where people sign -- when people join us, it can be lumpy.
James F. Mitchell: And would you expect, I mean, just on the flow side, it looks like obviously it's a volatile quarter in terms of the market, but if you kind of look at your fee-based assets, they did not a lot of -- it's any net inflows this quarter versus a pretty strong flows in the last few. Is that just market volatility? Or any other color on flows?
Paul Christopher Reilly: It's driven by both. Certainly, the market impacts the flows. But recruiting and people bringing assets in impact the flows, too. So again, given last year, you -- we got -- we're impacted by both. I don't know if I could break it out for the quarter how much was due to what. But net-net, we think we're having good flows. And from advisers and from productivity of existing advisers, and certainly, the market has an impact. So it's all of those that were impacting that number.
James F. Mitchell: Great. Okay. All right. That's Fair. And last one for me. Just if I look at -- you guys have had very strong loan growth. You're now over the last 2 quarters, loans -- your loan-to-deposit ratio is now over 100%. Do you -- with that dynamic, do you start to -- I guess what could strain you in terms of growing the loan book in the balance sheet? Is it deposits? Or is that not an issue? And you're just listing to keep growing?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Our only internal -- we have 2 internal constraints. One is we don't want more than half our cash, client cash, to be in the bank, and that's not a constraint for the foreseeable future.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It's under 1/3 right now.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Which is under 1/3. We don't want to be half. We have an internal guideline, and we don't want it to be -- we're targeting them around 35% of capital, which we're at but not to exceed 40%, but the bank's earnings, too. Right now, the biggest constraint is just if we get good credits with acceptable spreads, we can grow. And the times we slowed the growth is when felt we weren't getting good credits or the spreads for the risk weren't acceptable. And it looks like the environment right now looks promising. But again, that's even throughout last year. I think every quarter the dynamics are a little different. But right now, it's in good shape.
James F. Mitchell: So do you still feel like you can get pretty good spreads just funding it in the wholesale market without deposits?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Without deposits, we're...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Client cash.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. We have plenty of client cash to fund our deposits. We -- the bank takes what it needs, and then we sweep it out amongst other banks, and we're not constrained on deposits.
Steven M. Raney: Jim, I would also -- would just offer up that we have ample liquidity still at the bank, and we also have contingent funding sources, borrowing availability at Federal Home Loan Bank and the Federal Reserve, so we manage that very conservatively in terms of making sure we've got plenty of cushion from liquidity for funding. And as Jeff and Paul mentioned, we do have about 1/3 of client cash balances currently deployed in the bank.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And my 2 cents on that is we don't have a very good track record of predicting the bank growth or spreads or anything else.
Paul Christopher Reilly: For interest rates.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We've generally been on the conservative side, but we've -- that's why we -- that's where our feelings are today.
James F. Mitchell: Okay. Great. And if you can predict what rates are doing, and that would be also great.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. If we could do that we wouldn't be working now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin with Susquehanna.
Douglas Sipkin: So just a couple of questions. A bit nitpicky on comp. I know you guys, you came in a little bit here in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe refresh us a little bit? I just recall there were a couple of items which may start to ease in the comp ratio. Maybe it starts in '15. Maybe it relates to a little bit lower payouts and some of the trading businesses, I mean, Fixed Income. And maybe some RSUs, which I think are done running through the system in '15. Can you give us an update on that?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, there were 3 pieces from the Morgan Keegan acquisition that were impacting the comp ratio. The first was the management piece, which was adding about $6 million a year. That will end at the end of March 2015. Then there's a 5-year piece that's costing us about $6 million to $7 million a year that relates primarily to the Fixed Income Capital Markets group that obviously runs through the end of March 17. And then the third piece was the Private Client Group, which was a 7-year deal, which was costing us $18 million to $20 million a year, which obviously has only run 2.5 years of that 7-year life.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. So there's probably a touch of relief in '15 but nothing yet really major until we get a couple of years further out?
Paul Christopher Reilly: That's probably accurate.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And then we put in place new retention along the way anyway, so...
Douglas Sipkin: Right. Right. Okay. Great. So a question for Paul, I mean, obviously, shareholder can't complain, a 13.4% ROE and practically 0 interest rate environment, very impressive. That being said, you guys -- the balance sheet looks so strong. I mean, what would it take for you guys to do something a little bit more, I would call it, unorthodox for you around capital return policy. I know you guys have been looking to grow the acquisitions, small stuff and the asset managers, but it's been a while and the earnings continue to go up and the balance sheet continues to get stronger. So I'm just curious if there's any change of thinking around the capital policy for you guys.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I think we're holding firm that we believe that first, we're always going to be conservatively capitalized, I hope, if something goes wrong, but that's -- so we're going to be conservative. But we have been looking and working very hard and looking at acquisitions and niche acquisitions. And I know for some investors, a quarter is forever. For us, our horizon is a little longer, and we think we can deploy the capital. If we can't, we'll do something else with it. But we think we can deploy the capital, and -- but we're not going to close on a deal just to deploy the capital. We've had those opportunities over the years, but if we don't think it's a good investment, we're going to keep it on the balance sheet. So at this point, we still believe we can deploy it, and I know people aren't going to believe us until we do. And if we can't -- the other thing is we're not going to deploy it just to deploy it. If we can't do it, then we'll deal with excess cash, but we don't believe we're in that position today.
Douglas Sipkin: Great. And then -- and I apologize if this has been hit on already. I know you guys obviously gave pretty clear interest rate guidance. Obviously, who knows if interest rates ever go up. I mean, how do we think about that now with the sense -- maybe the client asset levels are up, maybe $20 billion, $30 billion or something like that from maybe the time you provided the guidance. I'm thinking around, like, Analyst Day. You've provided it before, but I think you've articulated it well at the Analyst Day, so I mean, does that -- can we think about that changing all that much? Or the client assets continue to go up meaning in terms of the actual impact on 100 basis points? Or is it too early to think about changing that guidance?
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean -- this is Paul Shoukry. While the asset levels for the client asset levels are up since we gave that guidance, if you look at the cash balances, a lot of it's been redeployed into the market and obviously, they don't benefit from market appreciation like the other assets do. So actually, cash balances have been pretty steady, and when we do our projections, it's still pretty constant with what we told you at around $150 million pretax impact on an annual basis when interest rates rise, 100 basis points simultaneously. That doesn't change much, Doug.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Christian Bolu (sic) [Chinedu Onwugbolu] with Crédit Suisse.
Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu: Just back to the M&A strengths. You mentioned some of the investments you've made in that business, and I appreciate it's hard to predict, but I would like some color on the backlog. I mean, is it contrary to the certain industry verticals? And how broad-based or lumpy is it?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Well, first, it's always lumpy by definition. And if you look across the industry, it was a good quarter for M&A, so it certainly wasn't just us. And why deals all tend to close near the same period of time? I don't know. The factors still seem good both with equity market outlook and certainly achieved financing cost for M&A. The backlog's good, and in fairness, a lot of the activity in the segment both in underwritings and M&A was kind in kind of a life-science based this year, which we didn't participate in since we're not really in that space. So it's pretty broad across our sectors. They've all kind of contributed, and I can't say it's focused on one area. The backlog is still very strong, and I don't think we're going to hit the level we hit this quarter every quarter, but I think we anticipate a reasonable quarter this year. And again, timing is everything on these deals. So we can't predict when any deal will close and it is lumpy.
Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu: Okay. Okay. It's strong, so that's good. Just a bit on Fixed Income. You spoke into one of your initiatives being driven to asset manager client base from your traditional sort of bank client base. So first, just an update on that and how that's progressing. And then secondly, when you think about some of the rules impacting banks, going forward, like the LCR, do you have any impact on the long-term demand, say, for munis, from deposit institutions?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I think on both initiatives that the focus is on extending the client base, the total return client bases. It's been a focus of ours, and we're making good progress. But as a percent of our revenue, it's still small, so we're very focused on it. And I think as we look at some of the rules, which they have changed for the banks and liquidity calculations for munis, I think actually the new rules we're feeling very comfortable. The demand will continue. I think at a period of time there, we wondered with some of the liquidity calculations based on the latest rules. We think those business will be fine. Now I can't tell you what's going to happen to regulation day-to-day because they keep changing, but we feel good about those spaces. The thing that's inhibiting that business the most right now is rates. And most of the bank deals really aren't muni deals, so there's a lot of tax. They were holding on the taxable instruments in our bank franchise to...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Agencies.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Agencies, particularly. So the munis distribution is really separate from the bank space.
Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu: Okay. And then just lastly for me, I guess, on regulation. I know you're not formally -- I believe you're not formally subject to kind of a set of liquidity rules at the bank or the HoldCo. But just curious if you have us a sense of where you would be on the LCR? And if the regulators care at all about that number for you guys.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Every calculation we've seen and done as we've gone forward is, if you look at our capital and liquidity position under any rules, we're still well over, so...
Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu: Even on liquidity?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Liquidity, too. We're extremely liquid right now. So as the previous question said in excess capital, it's not just capital. It's in cash. So we're very liquid right now, and it's kind of nice to be liquid when there's opportunities and day-to-day fluctuations, but we certainly have more cash than we need to operate this business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Sharon Leung: And I'm Leung for Steven. Just had a quick question. Some of the bigger banks that have reported earnings this quarter have noticed that they've seen -- given the loosening set underwriting standards, they've seen some more aggressive pricing, which has resulted in lower loan pricing. Just wondering what you've seen that's kind of given the opposite effect at RJ bank.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, we've not seen that. We've actually experienced a little bit of the opposite this last quarter. Actually, I would say that secondary prices on corporate loans have actually come down maybe 100 to 150 basis points, and I would say that the market plays both banks and institutional investors that invest in commercial loans has been pushing back against the declining margin, and we've seen improvement in that space, not huge, but some improvements so...
Paul Christopher Reilly: And in fairness, we play in a small segment on the C&I loans with a certain credit rating and -- so they could be getting some pressure at the high end.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And the risks here are -- or the risks...
Paul Christopher Reilly: We have a very less risk within our risk less, but -- yes.
Operator: And the next question comes the line of Devin Ryan with GMP Securities.
Devin P. Ryan: I just want to dig in a bit more on the recruiting momentum and, I guess, the backlog. I mean, I guess, outside of contracts that have been rolling off of the wire houses, I wanted to get some perspective on what else has changed to make the recruiting back drop so strong right now. And I know that you guys have done a great job upgrading your technology and adviser offering over the past handful of years. So just trying to get some perspective around how much might -- maybe the environment versus how much you guys think is Raymond James specific based on what you're seeing.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I thought you said they wanted to because of us and not because of -- the -- I think honestly, you get in the momentum plays in recruiting, and there's a number of factors, it's not just one. First, I do think that our culture has been very steady, and a lot of advisers that grew up in regional firms like ours that are at the wire house. They went to the wire houses by waking up, and their card changed. Those deals have rolled off that seat to find a place like ours, and that certainly has been a big factor. The second piece is I think that other people did even grow up at the wire houses as many banks and private institutionalize our clients through credit and relationships and also eliminating lower accounts and putting pressure on fees and teaming with people that like their semi-independence and then grown up and looking for alternatives, and we're certainly a very, very good alternative. And I think the other 2 factors that have helped us, certainly, our technology, which we believe is competitive with any of the big banks or custodial firms. It's never perfect, but we think some areas we excel in, especially when it comes to the advisers' desktop that our technology is certainly is not a limiting factor in many cases against even some of the bigger firms, a positive. And last but not least, I think the Morgan Keegan combination added a kind of renewed interest in us given our size and scope and just made us more people, more market aware. Our surveys always say if you leave, where do you go? And we do blind surveys, and we always finish on top. And other competitors are there too, but whether it's a good destination, and all those factors plus the recruiting momentum has just added to it. So our focus is windows don't stay open forever in recruiting. You can look at the market times where it gets very active and then where it's slows down. Right now, it's an active time, and we're just in a great position, so we're trying to take advantage of it by just getting as many good advisers as we can during this process. We're also opening up in regions we didn't recruit in. California, it's so far away for us, and now we've got boots on the ground there in terms of management. We're expanding it. We've increased the number of advisers by multiples, but we're still a small factor in that market. And the same in the Northeast. So we just really stayed out of New York and the employee side and surrounding areas and we've grown those businesses. So we've opened up. I think the status are there are more advisers between the Philadelphia and Boston and the rest of the country, and we weren't active -- really active in those markets. We are now. So that's also opened up our recruiting availability. So there's a lot of things going on that is driving the number.
Devin P. Ryan: Okay. That's really helpful color. And then just staying on maybe the technology side. I apologize if you addressed this. But the low in technology investments within product line that you guys mentioned in the release. Can you give any perspective around the magnitude of that? And how much that helped? And then did that imply there's going to be some catch-up -- there could be a catch-up quarter. I'm just trying to understand the comment in relation to the impact.
Paul Christopher Reilly: No, I think what happened is that -- I'll oversimplify it but it's human nature a little bit, too. So we've been on a fast pace. We're a little ahead of budget in terms of spending and then slowed it down in the fourth quarter as projects ended to come within the budget. And our budget for next year, we think that range were giving you of that around $65 million-ish is the right -- it's our budget. Technology people like to spend their budget. They usually don't want to give back dollars. They've always got 20 more projects to do that you cut from the budget. So we've increased our technology spend. We're focused. We got great delivery, and I just think it was 2 factors: one was a little budget catch-up; secondly, the projects rolled off, so it's just a matter of, "Did you buy the software in September or October or some of the products? Or do you have a consultant show-up at September 15 or October 1?" And it's not really much of what was the budget catch-up. It's not a deferral. I think they spent their budget through the year, and I'm sure they're going to do everything they can to spend their budget this year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: First question on the trends you guys seeing on fixed income trading. And I think you guys have done a great job on your Investor Day, a couple of times now, describing the nature of that business, who your clients are and the environment in which we could actually see some recovery there. I was curious to get a better sense of whether or not you think it's the shape of the yield curve for one of the level of interest rate that matters here because I think increasingly the content of the issues become the what the rates of the short end might go up a little on action that would affect yield curve, so just curious how you think your fixed income trading business aside from the trading profits fees would perform in that environment.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, it's a factor of everything. I think just gross interest rates. No one's just forgetting the yield curve. No one's rushing to buy 30-year bonds anywhere, and that's where you get paid the best. So certainly, a general rise in interest rates and QE makes the long -- go up a little bit. I think it's helpful. Secondly, certainly, the yield curve is a positive. So flat yield curve will not be a positive across the total industry. And the third is then the biggest factor is all solely on commissions. I mean, a lot of our trading profits are just a little piece on inventories returning quickly. If there's no volume, it's harder to do. And certainly, if there's no volume, there is commission. So in October, we -- the early weeks, trading profits are down a little bit because we had good days and bad days, but I think well-managed. The commission volume was way up as people looked whether it was the market or movements in -- because of changes in TIMCO and other things, there was activity. Who knows what's driving it, but volatility is a big help on the commission line and if we manage our inventories well, I think we'll do fine. So it's multiple factors.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. That was my follow-up on the commissions and how the increased volatility in October has impacted the Fixed Income Business because it sounds like it's been a fairly good lump on that front.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, the front end was very, very good. So we'll see where it settles out whether it will continue. Now again, if rates stay flattish and nothing moves and there's no market for us, I think you're going to see a slowdown in commissions where people are just waiting again. So they like volatility. And the trading businesses, the sales businesses all like volatility. The same with equities. They like the volatility. It's people picking up the phone and making calls and making bets, and without it, people sit on the sidelines and just wait and watch, so a little volatility will be helpful. If you look at last year, I think we really didn't have much.
Alexander Blostein: Yes, makes sense. And my second question was around the asset management business. Just looks like you guys obviously don't break out the net flows in that $60-ish-or-somewhat billion number, but it sounded like -- it looked like you're just backing up the market. The flows were softer. Maybe even a little bit of outflows over the course of the quarter. I guess, a, is that a fair assessment? And b, maybe you can talk a little bit about the source and your outlook for flows and asset management business.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, so our flows for the year were good. I mean, they were probably half our gains, so -- and we've had good flows. The only thing that impacted the fourth quarter and the asset management business is again, even though the S&P was flattish, small caps were down 5% depending on how you measure it and we've got and equal especially the large concentration of small caps. And mid-cap, good product, but that's in international, and those products weren't in favor. So they probably got a little sequentially hit in that quarter in that segment. But long term, I don't see any major issue. We tend to -- the segment is a whole outside of Eagle, which had a good year in recruiting. A little more outflows not net but in the normal. The net flows were positive. The asset management segment, the internal part has been very strong because of recruiting, so just to get more advisers. Those advisers choose to put some of the assets on our platforms and that grows. So we're not negative on it even though it was again choppy at the end there because of small caps.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Presenters, are there any closing remarks?
Paul Christopher Reilly: No. I just want to thank you all for joining, and it's great to have that you're in. We got about 5 minutes of celebration and then go on to the next meeting. We keep operating the company. So thanks for your support. We're focused on our continued growth, and appreciate you being on the call.
Operator: Thank you, and this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-07-24 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Raymond James Financial’s Fiscal Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. My name is Desean and I will be your conference facilitator today. (Operator Instructions). Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Paul Shoukry Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at Raymond James Financial.
Paul Shoukry: Good morning. First on behalf of our entire management team just want to thank all of you for joining this morning for fiscal third quarter 2014 earnings call. We certainly do appreciate your time and interest in Raymond James Financial, so thank you. After I read the following disclosure I will turn the call over to Paul Reilly, our Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Julien, our Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks they will ask the operator to open the line for questions. Certain statements made during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives; business prospects; anticipated savings; financial results, industry or market condition; demand for our products, acquisitions; anticipated results of litigation; and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, projects, forecasts, and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, which are available on SECs website at sec.gov. So with that I will turn the call over Paul Reilly, Chief Executive Officer of Raymond James Financial. Paul?
Paul Reilly: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone. Jeff and I and Steve Raney actually are calling you from the beautiful city of Asheville. We have our Summer Development Conference which is the conference for our traditional top advisors, our employee advisors and if you don’t think it's a unique event, us and the advisors and the 700 kids are here Aqualand [ph], I think it's a testament to our family culture that we still have not just spouses and others but also children attending the event. We just finished the Summer Conference for Independent Contractors Conference in Washington, D.C. and again it was fantastic with 2000 people also. I will now provide a brief overview of our results and Jeff will give you a little more of detail. We achieved many new records in this quarter, net revenue of 1.2 billion, net income of a 122.7 million, earnings per diluted share of $0.85 and client assets under administration of 479 billion all records for us. Our largest segment, the private client group generated record revenues pretax income this quarter also. So there is a lot to be proud of. However this quarter also benefited from certain favorable items that don’t necessary recur every quarter. The major ones we highlighted were the $8 million in private equity of valuation adjustments and exceptionally strong quarter for tax credit funds the business that tends to be lumpy but having a very good year and a continual beneficial tax rate. You guys can do the math but even without those numbers we had a very solid operating quarter. Just as we said in the last quarter’s earnings we had many items going against us, we think it's more valuable to look at the three quarters of fiscal year in aggregate to evaluate our performance and quarter-by-quarter because of the noise inherent in any quarter. If you do that you will see we generated a 15% pretax margin on net revenue and delivered 11.9 annualized rate of return against the 12% ROE target in this current interest environment. We think with interest rate changes we told you that the 15% targets in range we get a 100 basis point rise where we get the majority of our benefit in short term interest rates, overnight interest rates which should give us another about a 150 million per year in pretax income. Meanwhile we think the 12% ROE is very reasonable compared to other firms in our industry especially considering our very conservative capital position, a total capital to risk weighted assets ratio of over 20%. So going back to this quarter we generated record net revenue of 1.2 billion, up 9% compared to last year’s June and 3% over the preceding quarter. Record net income of a 123 million, 46% over the GAAP results in June’s quarter and 33% over the non-GAAP results of last year’s June which did include some adjustments related to expenses associated with the Morgan Keegan acquisition. So a quick view by segment, the private client group segment generated record revenues and pretax income as I’ve said driven by record levels of assets under administration which reached 454 million client assets under administration. 454 billion in the segment. Net revenues of a 187 million grew 10% over a year ago, June quarter and 1% over the preceding quarter. The revenue growth has really being led by a growth in assets and fee based account in the private client group which now accounts for 37% of our client assets in that segment as equity and fixed income activity in the segment remains tough [ph]. Despite the rising equity markets we think that many clients are still waiting on the sidelines although our average cash balances even to our historic mean per client are down. Those shows that the advantage of our recurring revenues now has reached 70% of total revenues this segment. Another thing we’re very proud of is that the advisor front, we continue to be extremely effective in retaining and recruiting the highest quality advisors. During the quarter we added 49 new net advisors growing our total count to 6251. Activity levels which we measure by home offices it's a leading indicator for recruiting are still robust. We expect the trend to continue as deals -- retention deals from other firms till the financial crisis burn off. I also have to talk about the profitability of these segments since pretax income of 81.5 million grew 39% over last year’s June quarter and reached a new record. The segment is benefited from operating leverage and discipline expense management which has enabled us to hit our 10% pretax margin on net revenue for the quarter sooner than expected. We previously had told you by the end of the fourth quarter. I know that sometimes people get confused on our pre-margin target of 7% it seems much lower than our competitors but then Dennis [ph] explained at our Analyst Day, almost all of it’s a trigger to just different economic -- not the economic measure but how we count the beans. So for example most of our peers would include their bank earnings in their segment. Raymond James Bank is not included in our private client group nor is our asset management which is accounted for separately. Now turning to capital market segment we generated net revenue of 237 million and pretax income of 28 million for the quarter representing 11.8% pretax margin. That’s below our 15% target but given the fixed income environment with head winds and the trading activity which is being tapped in the equity capital markets. We don’t expect much improvement in the short term until -- especially in fixed income we need rising rates and/or interest rate volatility to really generate more activity there. On the equity capital markets division underwriting revenues grew 24% on year-on-year basis and 17% sequentially. A lot of that is driven by Canada but really offset by weaker M&A markets in the segment for us in this quarter. The M&A activity was softer than last quarter although our backlog still appears very strong and building. It's really the same story this quarter for our fixed income division, low interest rates and low volatility continue to drag on commissions were down 22% from last year’s June quarter. So I don’t expect much upside in the short term for fixed income again until rates start to move. Probably the big surprise to many was the number in capital markets for our tax credit fund business. It is a lump business as syndication fees increased by more than $10 million over the preceding quarter but you know we account before this deals close and we just had a good closing quarter especially in the month of June. The asset management segment continues to benefit from record levels of assets under management, we reached a record of 65.3 billion this quarter, an impressive 25% over last year. Net revenues of 91 million grew 19% over the prior year and pretax of 31.3 million grew 31% over the prior year. This business should continue to perform well because of net inflows partly of the market but also because it's a strong private client group recruiting. Raymond James Bank, it's going to generate strong results. Total net loans of 10.4 billion, grew 19% over prior year and 3% over the preceding quarter driven by growth in the C&I and securities based loan portfolios. Compared to the preceding quarter, the bank’s net interest income in the quarter was almost completely offset by higher loan loss provisions which is due to grow not the issues. I know a lot of you are concerned about the OCCs annual review of our Shared National Credit Portfolio and you can see by the release that we had very good results. The review reinforced that the vast majority of our loans were in great condition and we had additional provision expense of 1.6 million compared to 5.6 million in the prior year. The bank also experienced a few positive items this quarter, (indiscernible) pretax results by about $8 million which Jeff will explain in a little more detail. So with that overview of the segments I’m going to let Jeff get into some details into the line items. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks Paul. I know that we typically talk about segments but all of you do models and we report obviously in line items on the P&L. So sometimes it's a little difficult to translate the segment info into the line item. So I thought this time we would -- I would walk down some of the line items as they deferred from the -- what we put together which is a consensus of your models those of you who that are the kind of not to supply them -- we actually do a consensus by line item so we can see where we’re not giving enough guidance or color and then we can help explain some of the differences. By the way I guess we’re doing pretty well at it because about half the line items are within a $1 million of the consensus to actual. So we seem to be doing something pretty much right. Running down the line items quickly, securities commissions and fees are -- we are pretty much right online and you’ve the detail in the press release on page nine and you can see it's the usual mixture that we have had so far this year which has been a steady improvement in private client group offset by some more difficult times in the capital markets commissions and this trended during the monthly operating specific releases, so no big difference there. Investment banking line, we did better than year consensus projections. As Paul mentioned it's primarily driven by the Raymond James tax credit fund syndication business $10 million swing from last quarter to this quarter. Excluding that investment banking revenues were pretty flat maybe down slightly which again on page nine is detailed where you can see underwriting revenues up and M&A actually down slightly from last quarter. Investment advisory fees didn’t -- we came in below your expectations. One of the things I guess we didn’t do very well at because we didn’t mention it last quarter is if there was a couple of million dollar performance fee in Canada that came in the March quarter that was -- came in and then -- a bunch of it was paid out as subadvisory fees. Couple of million dollars total. So it was kind of an in and out on both sides of the P&L but that distorted last quarter a little bit. We spent most of the time last quarter talking about the difference because of the performance fee in the December quarter but this factor obviously makes the difference in looking at June to March. So we’re taking that couple million dollars out that -- annual fee. It was more in-line both on the revenue and the subadvisory expense side. Interest we were just slightly below projections. Paul mentioned client cash balances, actually -- versus a year ago our cash balances are up about 75 million -- sorry our total client assets are up about $75 billion but our cash balances are actually lower than they were a year ago. They were 8.4% of assets a year ago, they are down to 7.1% now. So clients are certainly a little more invested in lease holding less cash here or in short term cash equivalent such as CDs or very short term bonds and other things for the time being. Account and service fees were pretty much in-line trading, Paul already addressed. In the other revenue line we did better, obviously driven by the private equity valuations and other factor in there compared to last quarter at least is one of the (indiscernible) items at the bank that drove their gain and there were really two items at the bank level while net interest -- a net interest improvement of 3 million was roughly offset by a $3 million higher provision for loan losses. There were two items that’s changed quarter-to-quarter that has caused the bank to have a pretty dramatic improvement. One was in the March quarter, there was a foreign exchange loss and in this quarter there was a foreign exchange gain. We still hold $30 million to $40 million of loans in the U.S. bank that are dominated in Canadian dollars that we so far have not hedged, so that’s been a little bit of a volatile item but from quarter-to-quarter about a $4 million swing and the other item that’s in there has to do with a charge and a liability related to unfunded loan commitments which is not part of the provision in loan loss reserve but it is part of the P&L as a charge and it's in other liability account. There was one particularly large item that was a special mentioned credit that still was not in covenant violation and we had taken a bigger charge in March related to the potential of them drawing on that line and us having to take a reserve provision at that time, turns out that loan either we are no longer are in that credit. We sold that loan out in the June quarter, it was about a 1.7 million charge in March and we reversed that in June. So that’s about $3.5 million. So those two items make up the vast majority of the bank’s swing. But going back to line items the foreign exchange part and also the reversal discredit charge are in this other revenue line. I’m sorry the reversal charge and other expense, my apologies. On the expense side compensation, we’re pretty much in-line with everybody’s expectations a little higher maybe because of revenues were higher and we did achieve the 68% comp ratio for the quarter but I guess people can say while it was only because of some of these extraneous revenue factors like proprietary capital and things like that. So we probably on an operating basis weren’t quite there but we still have that as our objective for our run-rate in the fourth quarter to get to that 68% total comp ratio, we’re getting very, very close. Data comp you remember last quarter we talked about some seasonal factors such as the mailing of 1099s in that an unusual item which was a move to a new data center in Denver. Most of you had adjusted that correctly and it actually came in a little better than your projections and probably our expectations as well. We had some projections wrap up early in the quarter so we got ended some of the consulting agreements and things but my guess is those will be replaced with other projects going forward. So I would say we’re still kind of guiding for the mid-60s per quarter on that which is where you had us this quarter. Occupancy clearance and flow [ph] brokerage business development were all right in line with year consensus. Investment subadvisory fees I talked about the loan loss provision we talked about, now we’re down just to other expense which a lot of which is and there is a detail of this of course of page nine in the press release as well. It has to do with the consolidated tax credit partnerships, a lot of those losses come in there every quarter now it's not a once a year thing, we’re going to have a number like that in our expenses most of which comes out through non-controlling interest which is another line item that was pretty fair off from where the consensus chart was. So you can see that was about almost all the $12 million expense from these partnerships came out through non-controlling interest. The tax rate -- I know we have been guiding you a little higher than it's been because we don’t typically project a 5% a quarter market increase. We have been experiencing that and so we have been benefiting from the corporate owned life insurance appreciation that’s a non-taxable gain to us. So in a rising market perhaps you could if you want to be precise back to that a little bit into the tax rate. It's been about a 1% - 1.25% boast to us so far in the tax rate this year, it's running about $7 million a quarter. We got about $200 million in corporate owned life insurance, it's not all in equities. So it's not all impacted by that but it's been about 7 million a quarters so far this year. A couple of other things I will point out, we’re frequently asked about the asset mix. We have seen a shift from a year ago. Equities were a little under half of our client positions a year ago, they are up to about 53% now and that’s 5 percentage point increase came about 4% on a fixed income and 1% out of cash as I mentioned earlier. I would also like to point out that our firm wide recurring revenues for the quarter were over 62%, for the year-to-date they are 61% and so we’re nicely over that 60% plateau. I’m not sure if I would say we like to stay -- we would like to grow it or not because if it shrinks back under 50 it's because we had a whole lot of transactional revenues and that’s not necessarily a bad thing if there is a really active trading environment or investment banking environment. And lastly I just point out that it was nice to see our shareholders equity top to $4 billion mark for the first time. With those comments I will turn it back to Paul.
Paul Reilly: Thanks Jeff and just wanted to make a few comments before I open it up for questions. First maybe the preempt question I know will come on kind of our targets. I think once as I have said earlier we think that 15% margin and the 12% ROE targets are good targets for now in this operating environment. Certainly we’re affected by the market. People have been waiting for market correction for a while and it may or may not come and for us it depends when it comes, if it comes in the middle of a quarter and rebounds it doesn’t have a lot of impact, it's on quarter end and it has more impact. But we’re well positioned and we think these targets are good targets given this interest rate environment, until interest rates move I guess if they move. We’re maintaining kind of that outlook. Our private client group business is really been doing extremely well, I’m proud not just for the recruiting but more importantly the retention. We’re getting great retention coming from both of these conferences, the spirit of our advisors are very, very high and a part of it is the market is good, people are happy but a lot of it is -- they are very happy with all our investments in technology and our continued high level support people just believe the firm is really helping them with their business which is kind of our model. We believe that that’s kind of our unique position that we have advisors continue to move to what we call independence and whether they are independent or the employee channel we give our advisors a lot of freedom to practice business the way they want within our guidelines and as deals on the wire houses [ph] tend to burn off and our recruiting pipeline stays very robust. So we expect this recruiting continues to grow, and in the decent market that -- the private client group business should do very, very well. The capital markets business is kind of the tail on the other side that certainly over the (indiscernible) commissions challenged across the industry. We have been in underwriting certainly you know one of the segments that we’re really strong and do well, we do well. When the segments we don’t participate and do well we don’t participate as much which I would say has been in the last quarter or two. We have had good syndicate activity but not high this quarter what I call lead activity. Although July has been so far a good month. Fixed income, like I say you know I got an A franchise, I would say an A plus franchise operating in a D market until volatility and rates move, they are doing a good job of double-digit margins and really one of the toughest markets you could have. So I’m proud of what they have done and our public finance service we have actually continued to look to recruit in this tough down market as we are solidly in the Top 10, I think we’re number eight year-to-date in the lead tables in our public finance. I’m proud of that group. Asset management, because of inflows partly because of the recruiting and the market increase our year should be pretty well set, they should have another good quarter since a lot of their assets are already built in advance. So they should have another solid quarter. And the banks continue to perform well. The challenge for us is we have been very clear to the bank. If you can find loans that need our conservative underwriting standards that are reasonable yield continue to grow and if you can’t don’t make loans, and they have been very good so far in finding good credits that meet our standards. And this market is unpredictable but the banks have done a great job. So overall we’re in a good position. Proud of what we have done, I think this quarter I would characterize as not as good as it looks but very good, where last quarter we told you it was better than it looked and I think the average if you look at nine months running. So I think if you look at our first nine months operating and average it out you can see that -- I think that’s our operating level and feel very, very comfortable about where we’re. So with that operator I would like to open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Chris Harris from Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Great quarter for recruiting, you kind of talked about that a little bit. Just wondering Paul, you guys are getting the benefit of some of these legacy retention bonuses rolling off, based on your conversations, based on the flow you’re seeing how long do you expect that trend to kind of persist. Is this something that could go on for quite a long while or is this maybe something that might be just kind of a quarter or two benefit?
Paul Reilly: Remember what Tom said and Tom is the master of phrases and openings. So when recruiting close down we just wait for some of the big competitors to do something else stupid which does makes sense for them but sometimes the advisors don’t like what they do is the institutionalization of their business but banks tend to look at doing more products direct, relationships direct, we seem to get the benefit also. So I think there is an awful lot of people still because the merger activity is pretty fresh that grew up in firms like ours that don’t like that kind of operating environment that tend to become and I’m sure the big banks own firms from their strategy it makes sense because they are trying to institutionalize and maybe overtime they will get the advisors that fit their business and their business model but I think we will continue to be the beneficiaries for a fairly decent period of time here.
Jeff Julien: I think that’s probably caused a little bit of a way generally when the markets are as good as they have been lately, you don’t see a lot of movement. So that’s probably what’s driving some of that but as the markets ever do slowdown that just shows that what the potential is here because we’re really in a pretty sweet spot. I have been talking to a lot of managers and regional managers here at this conference and they say it's just a little bit out of the ordinary, how many incoming calls we’re getting from people because they like the story, they like the stability, they like that we’re a private client group focused firm, they like to own their book. You know they like all the things that we have talked about as our differentiating features and I think that is sustainable the market environment and all is what’s going to change.
Paul Reilly: And the other thing is that if you look at our record year results ’09 and we were just kind of a haven. We were the firm out of the news and a terrible market, right? So this has been a very, very good market for advisors. So to get this kind of flow, most advisors don’t want to upset their business when it's doing very, very well. I think it's just showing that there are lot of people searching a platform like ours.
Chris Harris: Maybe just if I can ask a follow-up question or two on margins and I appreciate you guys already gave us a lot of color there. As it relates to the bank Jeff, you called out a few items. Is it safe to assume then that under reasonable set of circumstances that the bank margin might drift back down from the level we’re at now and any comment you could maybe give us about potentially extra cost you guys might have to absorb when your bank trips to $10 billion asset threshold?
Steve Raney: We’re over 10 billion now. We’re actually over 12 billion and subject to all of the regulatory changes once we go over that 10 billion. So that’s really in effect now but we have I would say over the last few years added to compliance and audit and oversight, you being some of those regulatory changes but it's not a material difference at the bank. It's clearly inside our Raymond James Financial, we have had to add expenses being a bank holding company. We have added two risk management in that enterprise as well. So but really I would say in general a lot of those expenses are already kind of in our numbers over the last couple of years. In terms of net interest margins we continue to see some pressure on margins and as Paul indicated we’re not under any pressure to grow loans just for the sake of growing loans and we have been even more selective on credits particularly it's not meeting our return hurdle. That said as we provided our comments in the past I would expect some slight net interest margin compression to continue over the next few quarters. It was down a 9 basis points this last quarter. I would say the bulk of that is in our corporate lending area, most of the other areas there maybe some slight deterioration in net interest margin but it's primarily in our corporate lending and commercial real estate book. But frankly we’re just passing on deals where we don’t think that the net interest spread that we’re being offered is commensurate with the type of credit they were extending.
Paul Reilly: So my only add to that is that in looking at the new production we’re not really doing much new production at rates that would compress this what’s happening is even if the new production is at steady rates or steady spreads, the fact is that older loans are what are running off or are being refinanced. So you still have -- that's what is driving it down. It's not the new production coming out of lower and lower rates going forward.
Steve Raney: I would mention, we shared a line item in our numbers, our supplemental information on the bank that I have mentioned to you in the past but we have gotten into the tax lending business. The net interest margins are actually on a tax equivalent basis, are actually a little bit higher but without the tax adjustment that will potentially have a negative impact on our net interest margin. That business is just under a $100 million and outstanding as of the end of June. So it's still relatively small but a growing part of the bank now.
Chris Harris: Steve if I can maybe get you to kind of identity a number for us or maybe a range what would you say that the bottoming of the NIM, what that number might look like assuming kind of rates don’t change from here?
Steve Raney: We have been provided some guidance I would say maybe over the course of next couple of quarters, maybe another 15 to 20 basis points.
Jeff Julien: I would say 270 (multiple speakers). We don’t have any economics to support that.
Paul Reilly: So far we have been able to use loan growth offsetting NIM compression to keep earnings flat. We don’t know -- our production has been good.
Steve Raney: Yes it's interesting. They are embedded in the net interest margin, it's fee recognition. The March quarter for example we had an exponentially high fee recognition quarter where loans were paying off where we had unamortized fees that we took into income that actually kind of artificially inflated net interest margin in the March quarter relative to the June quarter. So that can contribute a couple of basis points. But as Jeff said I think -- you kind of bottoming it out 270 or maybe even little bit higher than that is probably a reasonable number for us to expect over the next few quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Chubak with Nomura.
Steven Chubak: So Steve, I think I’m not ready to let you off the hook just yet. I do have a follow-up question on expectations from loan growth and what I’m trying to do is reconcile -- some of the comments you had made in actually the last monthly metrics release highlighting a reduced level of -- or increased risk aversion within the commercial or C&I space given the deals that were coming across and I wanted to -- I just wanted to understand what our expectation should be for loan growth particularly within that channel going forward and maybe if you can give some context on the other channels as well, that will be really helpful.
Paul Reilly: Every time we give you guidance on loan growth, it goes the other way. So Steven -- going down. It's so hard to get visibility and we look credit by credit; so with that it's just -- I wish we could give you guidance but it's basically on the flow. If we like the loans we will participate. If we don’t, we don’t. So go ahead Steve.
Steve Raney: I was -- up that we diversified the business over the last few years. As you know we are doing business in Canada. That business is growing actually a little bit more rapidly than our U.S. business. I mentioned the tax exempt business, the business that we weren’t in six months ago that we’re now in. We do some project finance infrastructure type lending. Obviously we have got a commercial real estate business as well that we have selectively grown. So we have got a lot of different businesses and obviously a lot of different industries inside of our peer commercial and industrial portfolio, energy, healthcare, technology, consumer, a variety of different industry. So in those businesses they don’t all run the same and they are -- some of them are counter cyclical with each other and we have been able to pick and choose across this broad spectrum. We have been able to grow the C&I book, we have got the tax exempt business now growing. Growing our residential business and our securities based lending business will go through a $1 billion and outstanding this quarter. So we have got a lot of different businesses that can contribute to being able to selectively grow. As you saw we grew loans 3% this last quarter. I think that growth in the 2% to 3% range per quarter is an achievable number given that all of our businesses that we’re in. But as Paul mentioned if -- in one or two quarters if there not enough deal flow that we liked, it's in our sweet spot from a credit selection standpoint then we can run flat or shrink the bank potentially.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Then moving over to the expense side of the bank. It's a follow-up to one of Chris’s question’s. If excluding the provision we actually saw the core expense come down – it's pretty meaningfully to 24 million versus 28 million last quarter and I just want to get a sense as to whether there is an seasonality that’s driving that decline and it seems as though you have already invested in terms of regulatory and compliance or have made the necessary investment. So how should we think about that expense run-rate going forward from a modeling perspective.
Steve Raney: I know Jeff mentioned before the foreign exchange as well as the other revenue --
Steven Chubak: I guess just on the expense side.
Steve Raney: Yes I mean we have --
Jeff Julien: That provision for the --
Steve Raney: The unfunded -- that was a big number, it was almost $4 million change right there in terms of our unfunded commitments. We have a reserve for unfunded commitments, the unfunded portion of lines of credit. We have a credit size loan that actually we exited in the June quarter so in effect released unfunded reserves that had a material impact to that line item. So our true expense run-rate is relatively stable. There is no seasonality to it.
Paul Reilly: But the trough is probably in between the last two quarters or maybe trending a little more towards the March quarter actually.
Steven Chubak: And I guess switching gears and moving over the investment banking side. the business that show growth in the quarter, the pace of growth has wide [ph] some of the results that we have seen at your bulge bracket [ph] peer and looking at the M&A business specifically and maybe taking Paul’s comment and constructive comments I should say on the M&A backlog into consideration here. It does appear as though that the recent M&A surge has been concentrated in larger deals and I wanted to see if this is potentially limiting your participation in the recovery that we’re seeing.
Paul Reilly: I think two areas, in the banking areas our flagship practices historically have been reach downstream energy because of the MLP business. Healthcare, bull markets and bioscience or industrial or stuff we don’t compete as much because those aren’t our strongest spots and we’re building out some space in consumer and others right now. So on the banking side when banking activity in our sectors do well we outperform and when they are in the other sectors we probably underperform the market just because that’s not our sweet spot and the same on M&A. I think our M&A backlog is good but you’re right on -- the headline numbers are very, very big or very big deals and they tend to hit the money centered banks and the very, very large M&A firms. So as those big deals headlines come or market share is going to be down because we don’t participate in those.
Steven Chubak: And then just one final one from me on the trading profits line. I suppose given the subdued volatility we have seen in fixed income markets, the revenue stream there has actually been quite resilient and I argue it's really back to trend that we have seen at some of your larger peers and I was hoping you could explain the factors that are driving that resilience. I would have expected that higher volatility backdrop would in fact be better for that business but we have also seen some favorable inventory marks particularly in the month of June and want to get a better sense of -- maybe whether that provides some incremental support.
Paul Reilly: I would say there are few things happening and which is, we -- part of the acquisition strategy of Morgan-Keegan was that we had a good fixed income department -- we had a great fixed income department and I will tell you they are better than we thought. The inventory -- the reason we can get still good trading profits on our inventories because it just turns and that the profits are just little pieces of lots of transactions. They have a very good sales force. We don’t keep inventory long and all, we turn it rapidly and it's just a very, very good management and sure you know rates come in a little bit and we make more money because whatever we’re holding is more valuable but we do hedge a lot of the pieces of it. When hedges work without big movements in certain areas and so they continue to consistently perform and rates come in on some months it does better but they have consistently every month, the exception was last June, a year ago when everyone got it and everyone -- we did a lot less and traditionally carried bigger inventories than our competitors. They just do a good job of turning it, hedging it, moving it and it's been pretty consistent. It's been consistent for a number of quarters but that’s what I say we have an A franchise in a D market. I don’t see in the short term that changing much. Now if we get steep rise in rates that will probably hurt us.
Jeff Julien: If the commission volume grows in the institutional fixed income side you will see trading profits grow with it as there will be more transactions.
Paul Reilly: And we just don’t like this gradual growth, and if it steep rises we can get a hurt a little bit inventory valuation but it's well managed and I think well hedged and they just do a good job.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Mitchell with Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: I just want to follow-up on you mentioned the capital ratio is improving and I know you talked about it in your Investor Day about looking at both on acquisitions and asset management. Do you have any color? Do you see any opportunities out there? Or is it still? You haven't really seen a deal? Are you struggling to find acquisitions? Just want to get a sense of if you feel I guess more optimistic or less about the prospects of adding on to the asset management business or other acquisitions?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I would say the acquisition areas we have highlighted are both asset management and M&A opportunities both in North America and Europe. I would say I’m more optimistic and I think it's a market where there are a lot of people in businesses that we like that are willing to talk but it's hard to handicap. We have a screen on culture and we have found people with the right culture but a lot of those cultures are independent and typically independent firms don’t trade. So it's a longer term process, so discussions are good and if we get the right firm who is willing to join us and join the team we will do something. If we can’t you know -- it is very lumpy. So I would say I’m more optimistic just because there is more activity and I’m more optimistic but I can’t give you any guidance or probability or timing.
Jim Mitchell: And maybe just on the wealth management side, it appears like if I can back into some numbers that flows in your fee based assets continue to be very strong and can you just help me think through is that a conscious effort on your part to move more assets into fee based versus more traditional commission based or is that just more of a demand from your client base, it's that’s where they are putting their money into more and more into the fee based account. So just want to make sure I know if it's sort of push or pull on that front.
Paul Reilly: Yes we don’t, with our FAs we let them choose the kind of business but I would say a lot of it is driven by the recruiting that we tend to -- a lot of the big teams that we recruit tend to be more fee based and it's interesting that before we got a $1 million team that was a big deal now, we are talking to $5 million and $6 million teams and a lot of those tend to be fee based businesses. So I think that’s driving a lot of the numbers. We see a lot of the more traditional Morgan-Keegan advisors also who are more transaction based slowly moving to little more fee based, that’s helped some in those numbers but I think a lot of it's driven by recruiting.
Jim Mitchell: And with the recruiting, seems like you’re being flat for about the last year, you ticked up about 1% in net asset advisors outstanding. What sort of the -- how long does it take to sort of get them ramped up once they come on. Is it pretty immediate? Is it a couple of quarters until you see the full impact of the new hires, just want to get a sense of the timing?
Paul Reilly: We say the full book is over a year so the first two quarters I think a good chunk of the book moves over. So a couple of quarters to get a bulk of it maybe a year to get them back up and running. So that’s not the lead time, so that should continue to drive results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: First question I guess on the retail business, clearly you guys are retention levels are good and asset gathering is very strong. I was wondering if you can comment on the retail activity trends in the quarter at all because it looks like when you look at just the PCG Commissions, They were up about 1% sequentially presumably majority of that is endured just higher market values and higher asset values. So can you talk a little bit I guess about the level of activity within the channel?
Paul Reilly: I think the results are driven partly kind of recruiting in the market but the truth is that the transaction level is down just like it is in fixed income and ECM over the (indiscernible). So if you look at the whole market transaction business is down, it was true in PCG. So the 1% growth was net so the fee based business was actually up and it was brought down by lower transactional business. So this environment I think our competitors that are more transactional based will have lower results just because the activity in the market is down and our model has been continues to perform in this environment.
Alex Blostein: And I guess at the Investor Day you guys pointed out the fact that the amount of retail cash or so in side lines, it's quite low towards the low end in historical ranges and it's the same kind of dynamic we have seen with some of the other retail -- brokers. Do you see that drawn down still happening over the course of the quarter or do you think we have kind of dropped out and those will be more challenging to find kind of incremental dollars for retail investors to sort of put to work?
Paul Reilly: If you look at the shifts, the shift has been two equities. We have had a pretty good shift to equity really over the last year. A lot of it is out of fixed income and as Jeff mentioned it's some out of cash. I think there is more activity because it's hard to tell in our numbers but I think cash is down, it's steeper or tighter earnings 1 or 0 bps wherever they were and I’m not sure all that money, part of the equity growth has been the market growth so the share changes. I think people are just putting using short term bond funds and other vehicles. I can’t prove it. The part money because I want more of a yield. So, I can’t tell how much -- there has certainly been some move to equities but I’m sure if it's dramatic as it looks and I’m not sure if the drop in cash is as dramatic as it looks. And this is the problem with -- anytime somebody fixes something in an environment and escapes the government and interest rates you get all sorts of behaviors that are hard to figure out. So the rate protection comes off and you see the market normalize. So a good question, but it's difficult to answer accurately.
Alex Blostein: The last one for me is just I want to follow-up on Steve’s question around the fixed income trading, the way I’m trying to guess characterize it is we have been in a -- to your point a D type of environment in fixed income trading for quite some time. You guys are not alone at it, your fixed income commissions have been kind of like in the low $60 run-rate for the last fourth quarters or so. I was wondering if you were just to think about no inventory marks, no big changes in interest rates, is this effectively kind of like the trough level of activity that we could expect. If you just kind of show up and turn the lights on like that’s kind of the amount of run-rate revenue you think the business is capable of generating without the environment getting better?
Paul Reilly: Yes we hope so. First our guys work really hard, so we just turn the lights on. They work hard to generate that and work hard to keep the relationships and I think whereas the trough, we have thought so for a couple of quarters but it's going down a little bit. You know we get some really good days and then it flattens back out. So I think we’re at this run-rate level until something happens in the market. I don’t think it will deteriorate much from here. I think we’re probably at a trough level. I already hate to say that because something happens that you don’t anticipate but I think this has been a tough environment, they are doing good job and I think this is kind of the run-rate so if something happens in the commission.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well thanks very much. I think in summary we’re very pleased with the operating results of the quarter. I think it shows strong underlying businesses especially crowded [ph] dynamics in the private client group and I know that sometimes due to last year people said, well, where is the results? We’re kind of low steady long term producer and I think it's showing up in private client group and as the management, of course we’re subject to market fluctuations like anything but I think our model is strong. Hopefully we will get some rate movement which I think will help both -- will help all the capital markets business and activity flows but feel good about where we’re going. We’re well positioned and we will continue chugging along. So appreciate your time this morning and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-04-24 08:15:00) =====
Paul Reilly: [Call Starts Abruptly] ..that went our way and Jeff will remind us of a few in a minute. This quarter, we think we had very strong operational metrics. But, we have had another factors going against us this quarter. We had three fewer trading days, few fewer calendar days which effected interest and numerous branch closings. You have to remember our concentrations in the Southeast and then the Midwest; we had a lot of branch closings due to weather. The transaction-based businesses were a little slower M&A was off, although not a horrible quarter. Tax credit funds was low, but that is a win deals close, good backlog, public finance has been challenging the whole market with new issuances. On the expense side, Jeff, I will leave those for Jeff whether its FICA, our data center move, which was planned, but over budget, but it was very successful had an impact, TV advertising and other expenses actually weighted down the quarter and some of these are seasonal, some of these are unique events. If you look at this quarter versus last quarter last year or the first two quarters, our first six months combined versus the first two quarters of last year, revenue was up 3% or 6% respectively, but net income was up 31% to 33% on a GAAP basis. So we believe the – we are in good position, the average of the two quarters has really been more indicative of our operational run rate for the first half of this year. Going forward, we have record client assets under administration of $458 billion record assets under management of $62 million. Our bank loans crossed $10 billion record advisor productivity and advisor count is growing with good backlog. We think we are in good position. By segment quickly, and I will let Jeff get into the details after this and I will give you a little outlook. The private client group had excellent results especially with the weather and trading days, record net revenue of $812.2 million up 12% over prior year and 5% over the preceding quarter, record pre-tax is $77.1 million, 44% over last year, 8% over the preceding quarter very good results again with record private client assets under administration of $434 billion, average productivity up, advisor count up 24, everything very, very solid quarter, the private client group [is well-positioned] (ph). The capital markets business net revenue of $224.4 million really flat from a year ago and down 7% sequentially, pre-tax $165.5 million up 20 – I'm sorry about – up 26% year-over-year down 8% sequentially. ECM had a good underwriting quarter with revenue up 16% in the preceding quarter, up 19% from the preceding quarter. M&A was softer, now was softer than a good December quarter which was softer than a great previous September quarter, but it wasn't a bad quarter. Backlog still looks good in that business and again, timing is important in terms of when deal closes. And if you look at the backlog we feel the M&A business which was – we had a very good year last year probably will be up this year. Institutional commissions were flat. Probably the most challenged business because of the market is fixed income, commissions continued to be challenging down slightly this quarter. We continue to have very solid trading profit. They have done a good job with good risk management of generating trading profits for us. Public finance although the – we are up slightly and new issuances is just down and it's a tough market. So as long as the low interest rate environment hangs around the public finance market – the segment will be challenged, but we have a great franchise, it’s well-positioned. So I think we are performing well given the market. Asset management with net revenues of $87.5 million up 26% year-over-year down 9% sequentially because of the performance fee last quarter. Pre-tax was $29.9 million up 43% year-over-year down 6% sequentially, but up if you factor out the performance fee from last quarter. Again, with record assets under administration of $62 billion up 22% year-over-year, 3% sequentially very good performance very strong inflows and we are well-positioned. The banks, I know we get a lot of questions, I will just make some general comments, great growth, production was about the same but payoffs were slower this last quarter. Looks like the rate compression is slowing down which has been a challenge hopefully we are near the bottom. Credit quality improved so the provision was low due to group credit quality both due to payoffs and we fold some loans. So we are – really the credit quality is really very, very strong there. So with that that's kind of the overview of the highlights for the quarter, I'm going to turn it over to Jeff and I will close it up with little outlook by segments. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. My walk around our segments really is that as Paul pointed out, PCG was kind of the star performer this quarter, number of records, average production client assets, record revenues, pre-tax, rev free assets, whole bunch of metrics also 9.5% margin in that segment which we sort of expect to continue with that rate for better at least for the rest of this fiscal year, so that we should exceed our target that we said at the beginning of the year. Our asset management as you would expect sort of follows the market up excluding the performance fee they also had record performance for the quarter excluding the performance fee in the prior quarter which led to the records. Capital markets, there is a good detail on that on Page 9 of your Press Release with some of the selected metrics, I think you will see, it was sort of a mixed bag within the capital market segment. Overall, I would say sort of a good quarter, but not stellar and not terrible. So it's kind of in the middle of where we would expect in this kind of market environment. And the bank, the loan growth is good, but we had a nice reduction in criticized loans that has helped, can expect provisions to stay at these levels and definitely as we continue to grow loans. We are optimistic that the NIM compression is in the bottom. And then the other segment for the quarter looks weak compared to the prior quarter and the prior year quarter I will remind you that prior year quarter included the sale of the Albion Investment within our private equity portfolio and the immediately preceding quarter also had about $10 million of private equity proprietary capital type gains. In this quarter we had no such gains, so and also in the prior quarter – previous quarter we had the ARS redemptions for about $5.6 million. So comparatively, it doesn't look good. But it's not as bad as it looks. We talked about a number of factors, if you will remember just by way of reminder last quarter we had, as I just mentioned a private equity gains ARS redemptions, we had the Eagle performance fee of almost $10 million and we also had some tax benefits that caused us to have a fairly low tax rate. So all those things were in our favor, we didn't really have any unusual items that went against us in that particular quarter. So although we reported $0.81 in December, we sort of cautioned that when adjusting for some of these items that were unusual either in character or magnitude that we are really pretty close to where the consensus estimate was for that quarter. Although, we will say the same thing about this quarter, it just worked the opposite way. We have a number of factors some seasonal that always hit on the March quarter and some unique to this particular quarter. Some of the recurring ones include the resetting of FICO, which is a bigger number than we had focused on. The difference in FICO expense alone from the December quarter to the March quarter was $9.5 million that increment will dissipate over the course of the year as people hit the now $117,000 FICO limit as they go through the year that actually added eight tenths of a percent to our comp ratio for the quarter versus the preceding quarter. So that was a big factor that will hit every March. We always have elevated nailing costs in the March quarter for two reasons, one is we have the printing and mailing of our annual report and proxy for our annual meeting in that quarter. And we have the 1099s that we mail at the end of the year to our several million accounts. The total cost of production in mailing of all that is in excess of $2 million it always hits in the March quarter. Another thing that hits in the – while it is symptomatic of the March quarter is some revenue related items – finished expense related items, I apologize. Some unique items we had elevated television airing of our commercials that was also a couple of million dollars. We have one necessarily go to zero in future quarters. But we typically will not run that level in any given quarter this is sort of an abnormally high period. Paul mentioned the data center relocation. We moved our primary processing center from St. Petersburg to Denver. There was actually most of the costs were not people picking up machines and putting them in trucks. Most of the cost related to testing of systems to make sure we could accurately and continuously process the business from a new location, which was a big undertaking and that as Paul said was incurred a little bit more expense than we had anticipated. And then another thing unique to this quarter on the revenue side, we had the weather related branch closings, hard to quantify, but clearly had some impact on the business as retail branches were down because of weather for several days at a time. We do have a shorter quarter, three fewer trading day this quarter, two fewer calendar days that both has an impact that's an always item in March and then the lumpy businesses that we talked about. M&A which was not weak was weaker than it had been running in the preceding couple of quarters and tax credit funds and private equity were not big contributors at all. So when you add all those things together, which is roughly $8 million to $10 million of elevated expenses that will be “non-recurring” going forward by using one quarter of the FICO amount although it will probably burn off faster than that. We are incurred in this quarter roughly 50% data comp, 25% business development with the TV ads and 25% in the admin line with the FICA. That coupled with the revenue impacting items that I mentioned. When you look at all those things, I would say again, that when adjusted we are pretty darn close probably to the consensus estimates again for the quarter. And as Paul mentioned we sort of view the six months as a good picture of our current run rate to give you an indication of that. For the second quarter, the comp ratio was 68.9% but for the six months it was 68.5% again, probably a [chewer] (ph) number. The pre-tax margin on net revenues was 14% in the second quarter, but when you look at the six month period it was 14.6%. ROE for the March quarter 10.9% for the six months 11.7%. EPS came in at $0.72, but when you look at the six months its $1.54 or $0.77 a quarter back to my comment about normalized if there is such a thing basis being pretty close to consensus. We are happy to see the advisor count go up this quarter. In PCG, we do have good recruiting momentum and Paul will talk about that in the going forward comments. One other thing, I do want to mention that is not in the press release, but that we follow very closely and talk about whenever we present at conferences is our level of recurring revenues. We reached the new milestone this quarter was over 62% of our revenues this particular quarter. And which brought over 60% about 60.5% for the six months. So that's a new high for that metric and we are glad to see that going forward. So I will turn it back to Paul for some going forward comments.
Paul Reilly: First, I will – I'm going to make some going forward comments. But since there has been so many questions on order flow, I want to hit that one head on before I do that. The first, we do not direct order flow based on hot dollar payments received from market makers instead our order flow is directed to firms that provide the best execution. Now, there is some times, we do receive nominal benefits than our cash equities and payments in our options business that they are very minor and small in the overall scheme of things. So a lot of people have asked the impact of payment for order flow and it really doesn't have an impact on us financially.
Jeff Julien: Kind of like doing one more comment before Paul goes forward, I apologize. With respect to the impact on EPS of our outstanding shares two things, one again is a seasonal factor. Our biggest equity issuances are in the December quarter when we do year-end equity awards or portions of bonuses that are paid in equity et cetera. So you will always see a little spike in shares in the March quarter versus the preceding. But what really impacted the dilution when you look at the six months this year versus last year outstanding shares were up 2.7% that's a big increase. It has – our normalized dilutions about 1.5% a year, the reason for that increase is the stock price going up, you know we used factor dilution, you used the treasury stock method and obviously you are buying a lot fewer shares when the stock prices at those highs. So that the elevated stock price is a positive and negative, I guess in that regard. But that did impact dilution. I'm sorry.
Paul Reilly: I have Tom James in the office, do you the stock prices is more positive or negative. So let me just really kind of look forward a little bit. Our asset management business is in a great position, we have not just going out for the record AUM because of the market, but we have great inflows and part of that's really driven by our private client group business also with record client assets under administration. Record productivity and we have got a very good recruiting pipeline. So we have added not only we have a lot of people coming in, a lot of large advisors, and I think we really kind of cracked being a place that people from – with large books and big firms look at us as a great destination. So take time, we work hard in recruiting everyday but those businesses I think if you can look through the short to mid-term are in great shape. The bank, we have had good loan growth. Now the cautionary part there is spreads have compressed, we see the compression slowing, if a stock compressing or expand that's good but usually those cycle take a bit. And the other is the provision we have had because credit quality has increased. Our provision is pretty low this quarter given all the loan production and of course that's not going to continue forever. So we think that with the growth of the loan book and those two factors and maybe kind of flattish in earnings there but on the bank and it really depends on spread. But we would expect to hit some growth and but we will have those two headwinds and we will see where they balance given what happens to the spreads in the marketplace. On the capital markets side, we like our franchises, I think done a great job of building them and we are well-positioned. If you look at pipeline alone, we got a very good pipeline in M&A. Last year was kind of a record year for our M&A and we could do better. And same with the equity underwriting business but that's going to be very market dependent as we go forward. So the pipeline is there, but the market has to cooperate in order for us to be executing on that. In the fixed income, we love the franchise we have. The commission rate, commission volumes challenged in the market and we are not immune from that. So I think we are doing a great job with our accounts. But volumes are down. We don't see any short-term release on the commissions as long as this rate environment is what it is today. So I think moving rates will help us but we are going to have to wait for that. In the meantime, we continue to generate good solid trading profits I believe with good risk management and cost control. Public finance, we have been rated a top 10 issuer in these last couple of years, but issuance as well. So we have got another very good franchise good location. We continue to grow, but again that's going to be market dependent and the tax fund credit business, I will consider our backlog vibrant. It's been a great business. This quarter was off just based on closings that business we feel very, very good about and think will continue to perform. So with that I just want to remind you of our guidance I think our first quarter got people forgetting that our guidance had been that we thought by the end of this fiscal year, we would be at a 68% comp ratio as a run rate and 15% net margin. We still believe that. I think the first quarter people thought we have checked the box and we try to warn we hadn't yet. But, we believe if you look at the average of these quarters, we were making great progress. And that is still where we expect to be by the end of the fiscal year. So with that I know we spend a lot of time and a lot of items going in this quarter but now we would like to open up for questions. So Jodi, could you open it up for questions please.
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Nomura.
Steven Chubak: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Reilly: Good morning.
Steven Chubak: So I just wanted to start with a couple of questions on the bank. We have seen core expenses at the bank excluding the provision actually raised fairly steadily over the last couple of quarters. Historically you have been running within a pretty high range of $18 million to $22 million a quarter, it steps up to $25 million last quarter and actually in the most recent quarter it increased to $28 million. And I didn't know if the increase was simply a function of higher regulatory in compliance made in for those banks in excess of $10 billion such as yourselves of assets. And should we be assuming this elevated run rate persists on a go forward basis?
Steve Raney: Hey, Steven. This is Steve Raney. Good morning.
Steven Chubak: Good morning.
Steve Raney: Bulk of that increased expense is related to additional FDIC charges for the higher deposit level that we have given the size of the balance sheet. And there is also an internal charge, the bank expenses are based on the deposits that we have. So the bulk of that increase is really just related to the overall size of the banks balance sheet.
Jeff Julien: And variable so it will grow as the bank grows.
Steve Raney: Yes. Quite exactly.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Thanks for that. And –
Steve Raney: I mean, Steve we do have I would say slightly elevated expenses that I would attribute to the regulatory framework. Our audit and compliance departments are bigger now. But it's relatively nominal. We are at 170 FTE at the bank now. So it's relatively small and on a comparative basis. Our expense levels and FTEs are very low relative to the size of the enterprise.
Steven Chubak: Okay. So presumably what's going to be driving expense rates going forward something going to be the growth of balance sheet?
Steve Raney: That's correct.
Steven Chubak: Okay. And I suppose focusing more on the credit side now, clearly the credit trends have been impressive, if you look at the dollar allowance, it's been stable for the last few quarters, while you have added $1.2 billion of loans. I suppose what I'm trying to glean is what through the cycle charge-off or provision rate should we be contemplating? And that's what you have been modeling in the near term versus the longer term?
Steve Raney: Yes, couple of comments on that. We did have substantial improvement in credit quality that trend continue. There is really not a whole lot left in our credit side category. We actually have 8 commercial loans that have a loan balance currently that are in our credit advisor category. So it makes it challenging to – I wouldn't forecast more release of reserve related to our criticized assets at least maybe normally but it won't be significant. So if we continue to grow loans, I would expect we will actually be adding to our allowance on a relative basis. So…
Jeff Julien: And based on our loan mix that might be at 130 or 140 basis points on average increase in loans something like that.
Steve Raney: Yes.
Steven Chubak: Okay.
Paul Reilly: The wild-care, I want to remind you all, if we do get a sneak example –
Steve Raney: That's right.
Paul Reilly: This quarter and that comes in we don't know what it will be. Sometimes we agree, a lot of times that we don't but it is what it is.
Steve Raney: Yes. Historically, if you look back in the last four or five years every year in the June quarter, we get the shared national credit exam results. There are usually a handful of loans out of 400 that are subject to the shared national credit exam that we have difference in the ratings, sometimes ours are more harshly rated. We don't upgrade them based on the shared national credit exam. We do always have a handful of loans that are more harshly graded by the regulators. And we got to downgrade those loans. So we usually have some provision expenses and some allowance related to those downgrades in the June quarter.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Thanks for that. And just one more on the loan growth outlook and Paul, I appreciate a lot of the detailed color you had given earlier in terms of the general market backdrop in pricing. What we heard from a lot of the big banks was that they were beginning to retrench a bit given that they felt they were not being adequately compensated for taking the credit risk on the commercial side at current pricing levels. And assuming the backdrop stays, on a go forward basis, system work to the current market. How should we be thinking about loan growth trajectory on a go forward basis?
Paul Reilly: You know that one is hard to say. We are hoping that people having this view which we share that spreads comes in you got to get paid for risk slightly have the effect of maybe spreads coming out a little bit, so which we hope the impact is in terms of loan balance growth our production has been pretty steady in the last few quarters. And it's not so much this quarter just because payoffs and refinancings are down as well.
Steve Raney: I would also just mention that this quarter really shed the power of the diversification of our various business units inside the bank. We did made our first tax exempt long-term the March quarter that business, it's directly referred to us by our public finance practice. So its loans to high credit quality municipalities, large not-for-profit higher education, hospitals and like. Our Canadian business grew by $100 million in the quarter. Our loans REITS in some project finance real estate along with our normal C&I, our commercial and industrial loan book grew. Our SBL, we closed 450 units in the March quarter of loans in our securities based lending business for $330 million of loan commitments. And we closed a 170 mortgage loans during the quarter. So we got a lot of different businesses inside the bank now. So we are not really relying on anyone business to drive it.
Steven Chubak: All right. Thanks. That's it for me. And thank you for taking my questions.
Jeff Julien: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey from KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Hey, good morning guys.
Jeff Julien: Morning, Joel.
Paul Reilly: Good morning, Joel.
Joel Jeffrey: Thinking about, I mean you guys have done a really nice job of growing your sort of Tier-1 capital on the ratio continues to improve. And just – in terms of the growth in that just wondering, is there a point in time where you sort of start to thinking more about returning capital either through buybacks or increasing the dividend or you really focus more on building a growth capital.
Paul Reilly: I don't want to sound like a broken record, Joel. But, I will go over again. Our view right now is, first, we tend to be more heavily capitalized lot of our competitors that's a philosophy. But, at some time, if we have cash, we can't deploy. We will have to look at returning it. And our view right now, as we have opportunities to invest the cash in niche acquisitions we talked about some of the areas we have looked about – we have looked at particularly asset management. And we feel over a reasonable period of time, we can deploy it. If we can't we will have to focus on how we return it. Our goal right now is we think there are opportunities to deploy that capital inside the business.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then just – I appreciate the comments you made in terms of the outlook, particularly ECM being kind of market dependent. But just wondering given the volatility we have seen and coming off the strong quarter you had in ECM, have you seen any kind of issue or hesitancy in terms of bringing deals to market or has the outlook changed at all just given what's gone on the markets over the past month or so?
Paul Reilly: I don’t think so. I think we had – that's a ridiculously strong market over the last year and we got a little bit correction this quarter. But I think that our read right now is the issuers are lined up just waiting if there is a good market, they will go. So I don't see any difference when we saw it a quarter ago.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Julien: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey, good morning guys. How are you?
Paul Reilly: Hey, Devin.
Devin Ryan: So it's a question on fixed income obviously it's kind of continued to be soft and appreciate the commentary around the need for, I guess higher rates. And then I get that you guys are putting nichey fixed income business with a lot of focus on depositories and municipalities. But just trying to get a little bit more color, I mean is there anything else here that you think could drive better activity. And then just outside of that or anything else going on behind the scenes of the company where you are trying to boost growth within the fixed income business broadly whether it would be, you adding into other areas that you may see is a better growth drivers or is it more just stay in the course and hoping that we get a little better environment that could drive better claim volumes?
Paul Reilly: Yes. I would say that first rates and volatility are – and yield curve are the big drivers of fixed income. So volatility has been kept in a pretty short range. And rates have stayed low. So we need both of those. And I think moving rates, changing environment would help that business significantly. We have looked at growing the business. We are pretty committed to keeping our risk profile the same. So we don't need to expand and if you look at our core franchises whether its bank deposits or a muni sales or the [gov] (ph) sales, we are pretty comfortable in our position. So as we look at other businesses outside, we are looking at a number – they got to step within our risk profile as they go. Some of the businesses we look at or the opportunities we look at the marketplace outside of our risk profile. So I don't think you are going to see us expand much more what we are doing now. But we are looking at adjacencies and just haven't found anything compelling at this point. We are expanding in the U.K., I can't say it's a huge profitable venture right now. We have got a good team. And we have got the base and it's fired up. And we are – we have had that initiative on since pre-Morgan Keegan and continued to try to grow as we have in our both, in our capital markets and our private client group where we have equivalent of an independent kind of franchise there in London and looking at growing that also.
Devin Ryan: Good. Thanks. And then with respect to FA recruiting and a nice quarter it sounds like you are pretty optimistic there. So can you shed any more light, I guess into the outlook for additions and maybe how they'd like to play out over the years just based on the conversations you guys are having. Are the office visits up over the last year; is there any color with respect to that? And then what other areas at the firm outside of the financial advisor, private wealth management area, are you looking to add people?
Paul Reilly: We have 150 opening right now in our company. So we are a hirer. If you look at the recruiting pipeline and say it's up from last year and it's very, very good. First of the year is the time when is probably the most active time in terms of people coming down, if it's a year end change and it's a nice place to come visit in the winter. That pipeline still looks good. And it is better than last year. Our results are better than last year. Our pipelines are better than last year. Our RAA initiative is relatively new in that pipeline is good without a lot of results. We have had a couple of joints. We are hopeful that and our hybrid select model will both increase. So that pipeline has been growing but it takes a while to actually close, it's a year – probably a good year across the time you bring someone in the time they sign-up just for a lots of reason. Most really good advisors are slow because they are worried about their clients. And I think they are in a transition. But the pipeline looks good and it's been good. Areas outside the firm as I talked, asset management we feel it's a growth opportunity. We like the M&A days whether its in Europe, Canada or the U.S. continue to grow and if we see opportunities there. And there is some others that we look at in and out. So we have a good corporate development effort now. I can tell you, we looked and talked to a lot of people but we are very selective in that pipeline is actually pretty good now too. But, we are not – we don't count on it and nothings the size of Morgan Keegan. They are much nichier types of opportunities but there were much more active and aggressive in sourcing, selecting and talking to people there.
Devin Ryan: Great. Appreciate all that color. And then just lastly, apologize if I missed this, but I guess a question for Jeff, just on the number the accounting service fee bumped in the quarter was at driven just by more accounts, more assets or is there something else going on there, just trying to gauge the sustainability of what was a really nice quarter for that line?
Jeff Julien: No. Predominantly is that. We renegotiated some of our arrangements with some of the providers that we share fees with in that regard and had to elevate our accruals in that level. So I think that what you are seeing is that coupled with the implementation of some of the accounting service fee that we talked about couple of quarters ago was some of the client fee changes had it been implemented and will be continued to be implemented throughout the year. So I think that it's a – its more of a higher run rate than we had been out in the past.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Jeff Julien: I will just make one comment on the number of 150 job openings, I will make a comment that that some number though it's not a majority but some number those would be to replace some consultant that we are employing particularly in some of the technology areas. So it won't necessarily result in pure incremental expense as bring some people on.
Paul Reilly: Or we have turnover to. I mean we got to replace.
Devin Ryan: I was assuming that 150, the majority of that's probably non-producing type of roles, is that right?
Jeff Julien: Correct, correct. We don't post for financial advisors.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thanks guys.
Jeff Julien: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell from Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Julien: Hey, Jim.
Jim Mitchell: Two questions. First on the comp ratio, I think Jeff if I look back in the third, your fiscal third quarter last year. I think if you suggested if you hit your targets of 15% pre-tax margin et cetera that would imply, I guess on a flat revenue base, the comp ratio nearly 66.5%, you did 68.1% last year and now we are just looking to hold it flat this year despite revenues being up. Do you think there is more opportunity there over time or is it just maybe you stepped up investment spending? How do we think about where that comp ratio could come out as revenues grow?
Jeff Julien: The comp ratio bounces around based on where we hire people obviously contractors that they are having good recruiting and a good production period. They have a much higher pay out. Based on our current mix of businesses and the current sources of revenues to get that 15% margin we need to at about 68% comp ratio by the end of the year. The one ratio that we are really I guess in our minds now changing our internal target on would be the private client margin where we start the year with a 9% target. We would be pretty disappointed if it ended up at 9 now given the run rate currently. But, we also need that on the increased revenues to get to that 15% margin. So 68 is our target for the end of the year and I can't tell you exactly, some I had work a year ago went into that, a number I don't know really remember at this point.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. Fair enough. And maybe just going – getting onto the retail, the private client side. Can you give a sense on the commissions in fees line which jump nicely is that more kind of annuity like fee based revenues or was it more trading, how do we think about that line going forward?
Jeff Julien: Within the private client group segment almost 70% of their revenues are recurring. So they have a very, very heavy fee emphasis, trails, things that are not transaction oriented. Most of the trading volume when we record number of trades which we have to record to the exchanges and report a lot of those are occurring in (indiscernible) fee accounts. So not really generating revenues. So clearly the biggest driver was – has been the increase in assets. We had a good increase from October 1st to January 1st in billings, which everyone was aware of and dealt into their models as well as continued our recruiting and people bringing in new assets going forward. So it's really as to do more with asset levels and it does trading volume.
Jim Mitchell: So most of the sequential improvement was asset level, is that what you are seeing?
Jeff Julien: That would be yes.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. If we kind of do the back of the envelop, it looks like you might have had close to $5 billion plus in net inflows, is that a fair number to think about?
Jeff Julien: Don't know that on the top of my head. We have had new FAs and we have had new – versus you are talking about versus appreciation?
Jim Mitchell: Yes.
Jeff Julien: Don't know the break down in total client assets of that number. I know within asset management. But I don't know within private client.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. That’s fine.
Jeff Julien: Certainly you can assume that it didn't rise. Generally it rises about 50% of the S&P because of little over half of our client assets are equity related.
Jim Mitchell: Great. Okay. Yes. That's kind of where it comes out.
Jeff Julien: It would, it mean it's mostly flows this particular quarter, right?
Jim Mitchell: Right. That's helpful. And just one big picture question, I mean your sense of retail engagements seems like its been picking up but what's your sense of where we are from a risk taking perspective among your retail clients?
Paul Reilly: Cash is a percentage of assets was actually down, which is interesting for us, the cash balances have been kind of flat this quarter and we are used to them always going out. So if you look at where they are flowing, you would say equity kind of large and mid-cap and fixed income short durations, but having said that I would still talk about the retail and investor, the individual investor is cautious. So trying to get some return on their assets but cautious in the marketplace so it's up that I wouldn't call it, they are all in.
Jim Mitchell: Right. Okay. All right. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Julien: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Hey, apologize if you guys covered this already but I wanted to kind of run through the expense structure just one more time. So I guess if we think about the truly seasonal impact, Jeff, I think that comes out to be somewhere around $10 million that we should expect to come down. Is that going to happen I guess all in the second quarter or sorry, your fiscal third quarter or kind of like over the course of the year. And then I was hoping you guys could quantify the actual dollar amount you spend on data center reallocation?
Jeff Julien: The $8 million to $10 million range number I gave you, stuff that should disappear right away. The FICA, I took one quarter of it just assuming it dissipates ratably over the rest of the year. But that wasn’t all necessarily seasonal. It also included running of a television add and data center relocation which don't happen every March. But the rest of it does happen every March. The data center relocation was about $2 million total costs to us.
Paul Reilly: Out of total costs but just kind of an over time testing cost that was elevated to data center cost a little more than that.
Jeff Julien: Obviously, we are going to have cost of running it going forward. And we have the cost of building it in the past. But this quarter that was the elevated relocation expense.
Alex Blostein: Okay. I got it. Sorry to dump it down like expenses step down by about maybe $8 million or so next quarter?
Jeff Julien: That's my belief based on these factors.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thanks.
Jeff Julien: I'm not saying nothing new can arise that we don't know about today. But based on what we know that would be correct.
Alex Blostein: Jeff, now I get it all else equal. So the second question, I have three guys around, the fixed income trading environment. I mean it looks like muni funds flows have gotten better this year. I think they are positive on net year-to-date basis for the industry and obviously you are a very big player in the public finance space, in the muni space, what impact is that having I guess on the fixed income business for you guys. And if the strike continues, what kind of results I guess, we should expect from fixed income trading?
Paul Reilly: As a muni, if you look at the retail trading because of the interest in muni – its actually performed fairly well. The institutional, the corporate and the corporate that kind of other businesses that are really did. So I think that you are seeing what you are seeing in the run rates right now, we see its continuing until there is a change in the market. So the retail, I call retail kind of commission part of the business okay on the institutional part very tough.
Alex Blostein: Got it. And then the last one for me guys. Obviously, lots of focus in the market on the higher interest rate backdrop potentially down the road. You guys have provided sensitivity to – I believe somewhere around 100 basis point raise interest rates. Presumably that could be some further net interest margin expansion of the bank if rates continue to rise beyond a 100 basis points. Have you given any more thought on what the ultimate upside to pre-tax income or revenues could be for the franchise as a whole be on the first 100 basis points?
Jeff Julien: Yes. In the first 100, it's hard to quantify it depends on what free cash holding, we obviously would earn more on our own corporate cash as rates continue to rise from there. But beyond that, it's a fairly nominal number say somewhere between $10 million and $20 million for the every 100 basis points beyond that for the next – talked about 300.
Paul Reilly: Banks going to operate of a spread more than just what the rate it. So –
Jeff Julien: Yes. It's not overly material after the first 100, its really the biggest factor is the earnings on our own free cash.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions.
Jeff Julien: Yes.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Paul Reilly: Are there no further questions Jodi?
Operator: Yes, sir. There are no further questions.
Paul Reilly: Great. Well, again, we think this was a good quarter and we know that the first quarter and the second quarter they have bumped around, but it's an average. I think we're about where we would expect it to be. Well-positioned markets are with us. We feel good about where we are. So thank you for joining us and we will talk to you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-01-23 08:15:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Raymond James Financial Quarterly Analyst Call. (Operator Instructions) Certain statements made in the press release and comments made in this conference call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include information concerning future strategic objectives; business prospects; anticipating savings; financial results, including expenses, earnings, liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures; industry or market conditions; demand for and pricing of our products; acquisitions, divestitures and recruiting pipeline; fixed income business outlook; anticipated results of litigation and regulatory developments or general economic conditions. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts, and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should, and would, as well as any other statement that necessarily depends on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Although we make such statements based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider the risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q, which are available on raymondjames.com and the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement is made. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which the statement is made. The press release and comments made in this conference call may also include non-GAAP financial measures. An indication of and a reconciliation to the corresponding GAAP measures accompanies the press release, which is available under the Investor Relations page of our website at www.raymondjames.com. An audio replay of the conference call will be available until 5 o'clock PM Eastern Standard Time on July 15, 2014 under the Investor Relations page of our website at www.raymondjames.com. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Reilly, Chief Executive Officer.
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Judy, and good morning everyone. And most things seem sunny here today as we report our quarterly net revenues of $1.2 billion, a record pre-tax of $179 million, net income for the quarter of $116.6 million or $0.81 per diluted share. This marks our 104th consecutive quarter of profitability, a record we're proud of, especially in our industry. We believe we had a strong start to the fiscal year this fiscal year '14. Now if you just look at the stats from quarter-to-quarter and net revenues up 5% for the preceding quarter, pre-tax income up 10%, client assets under administration up 5%, you’d think we just take a victory lap and just say what a great quarter it was, and it was a very good quarter. But there was a also a number of favorable items that all just happened to hit this quarter that made a strong quarter look, from an ongoing operating basis, maybe a little stronger than it really was. We did earn these one-time fees, but we can't expect them to recur every quarter. So we'll spend some time on the call giving color on those. Overall, the Private Client Group and Asset Management had very good quarters. I'll characterize the Equity Capital Markets Group having a good quarter. The Bank, as usual, performed solid, which I would call an okay quarter. And we still had headwinds in public finance and fixed income due to a challenging market, especially in the institutional commission area, but bolstered by strong trading profits. We also had a very good Other quarter. And so we're going to talk about some of those items. Those items made our margin 15% and our comp ratio of 68% look a little better than they probably are on a pure operating basis, and we'll talk about that. As we told you, we're committed to reach those goals from an operating basis on a sustainable basis by the end of the fourth quarter this year, and we're still committed to that. Overall in this segment, Private Client Group was pretty much good news all around, revenue up 5% sequentially over last quarter, pre-tax up an 11%. We saw an improvement in margins, but probably more importantly for the business as we look forward we had record Private Client Group assets under administration of $423 billion, up 5%. Our advisor productivity continued to rise and really strong recruiting pipeline in the Private Client Group. So all told, we think we have good momentum in that segment. Under Asset Management, we had record net revenue of $96 million, which is up 19% over the last quarter and a record pre-tax of $31.8 million. Our assets under discretionary management were up 8%. So those results were both affected by the market appreciation, but also strong net inflows of assets into our Asset Management Group. However, as we talked about in the release, we had a $9.8 million performance management fee, of which half really impacts our bottom line. And it's not that we don't earn those, we just don't earn them every quarter, and this one was of greater magnitude than probably at this time last year. The Bank had very good loan growth, almost $500 million in net loan growth for the quarter. Our criticized loans decreased. On the positive, the loan loss provision was muted for the quarter due to a combination of a number of factors. We had some loan pay-offs of criticized loans. We sold some loans that we got [hard for] [ph] that had some reserves. We didn't like the credit quality as much. And we had improved credit metrics. So despite the loan growth, the loan provision was down from a normal rate. The loan growth will help offset the interest compression, which we're still experiencing at the Bank. On the Capital Markets side, ECM had a good month, off the record of the last quarter and certainly off the record of the M&A quarter a year ago, but very, very solid results really from good financing markets and also we talked about the commission that we had our Analysts’ Best Picks sales, which actually drove commissions for the quarter. The fixed income markets remain challenging. We had a rough quarter for institutional commissions and public finance deals, which I think the industry had. We see that market still challenged, but with strong trading profits both from a good retail activity and we stayed in the market, I think, as people have lowered inventories and have de-leveraged we've been in the markets and continue to generate good trading profits despite lower commission levels. We talked about Other, which had a very good quarter, had some of the cautions. On our private equity side, we had $10 million of gains. $6 million were non-consolidated, $5.5 million gain on the sale of our Jefferson County Sewers auction rate securities. Again, both of those are earned, but lumpier in this quarter. And also our tax rate was down. Our tax rate due to some refunds due and a change in our state filing position in the state and as the markets go up, we get the COLI benefit. And we're looking forward that the tax rate we think is closer to 37% target tax rate, given a good market. But this quarter, it was lower than that. So that added to the earnings for the quarter. So all in all a good start to the fiscal year. We're very pleased with our positioning. I'm going to turn this over to Jeff and talk a little about, after Jeff speaks, kind of the outlook and the segments in this quarter. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks, Paul. I have a very similar outlook on how the quarter went. We're very pleased in general with the start to the year. We had some very big positives to take away from this quarter. The asset levels, both under administration and management, certainly give us a good headwind or a good tailwind into the next quarter. And equally important in the release, as Paul mentioned that fee-based assets surpassed $150 billion which is obviously a big driver of our ongoing securities, commissions and fees. Paul mentioned the Bank loan growth, that's faster than I know we had forecast in the last call or two. Production did pick up a little bit, but pay-offs lowered a little bit as well. So a combination of those two factors are giving us a good start there. You would expect with that kind of loan growth a little larger provision I know. But again, given some of the pay-offs and upgrades of some of the previously criticized assets, we continue to experience low provision expense. The recruiting pipelines and other positive takeaway and Paul mentioned that probably again as we look into the coming quarters, it's as active as it's been in some time. And then I think the overall expense control, particularly in IT, based on what we know today, we think that this level of IT expenditure, this low $60 million type number for the quarter is about a run rate. Obviously if any regulatory requirements change or some competitive pressures, et cetera, that could change. But based on what we know today, that's probably a pretty good run rate. But this quarter wasn't without a couple of negatives. The fixed income markets still aren't cooperating. On the commission front, we've managed to continue to realize pretty good trading profits. We're not sure if that's going to be sustainable over the rest of the year or not, but so far so good on that front. And then the other negative I guess in the interest of fair disclosure is the tightening spreads, both in the Bank and in our overall earnings on client cash balances around the firm largely to Bank suite program as those contracts continue to burn off from prior years and get renewed at lower rates. Paul mentioned the comp ratio of 68%. That's actually still a good target for the year I think for us. We had a very good quarter this quarter and some of these what you would call some of the unusual items that kicked in the revenues that caused the ratio to look a little lower than otherwise have been this quarter. But that's still, I think, a good target for us for the year if we can keep it at the 68% level, down nicely from where we were last fiscal year. If you look at the margins in our businesses, in your Private Client Group, we talked about having a 9% target for the year. Well, they exceeded that obviously in the first quarter, 9.2%. Some of that was due to nice revenue growth, which should continue given the equity market lift going into this next quarter, but also the expense control side, like I mentioned, which largely falls into the Private Client Group segment in our public reporting. Capital Markets had a 13.8% margin for the quarter, which is not bad, given the fixed income environment. So Equity Capital Markets is doing okay. I probably wouldn't describe it as hitting home runs, but they're keeping busy and have a reasonable amount of business. Asset management had a 33.2% margin. So that performance fee that we've mentioned, about half of which is ours on bottom line have a pre-tax line helped them surpass the 30% margin target for the quarter. So we had these things. And then the other Paul mentioned, the auction rate securities will get $5.5 million gain from that. And we had some private equity help, which we had almost every quarter, but this one may be a little larger than our average, excluding the (inaudible) transaction last year. But we've had some of that pretty much on a recurring basis. And with those things all rolled together helped the company to achieve its 15% target for the year. These are still our targets for the year. I mean we're not saying, okay, we've already hit the 15%, so let's change it to 15.5%. I mean we still think that the 68% comp ratio and the margin targets we gave you for each business and the 15% for the overall firm are still where we'd like to be on a run rate basis at the end of the fiscal year. Our tax rate in terms of bottom line obviously was a help. Paul gave you the right guidance. I think 37% is kind of what we would counsel you to use in modeling going forward for this year. If the market stays high, we'll continue to benefit from the non-taxable gains in our corporate-owned license portfolio however and then obviously the other way in our market correction. I think that covers most of the big picture comments. We did do a comparison to sort of the analyst models to see where we were way off-base relative to the average of the model. And actually we're pretty close on a lot of them and they're all very explainable, which we've already talked about. The performance fee caused us to be over in investment advisory fees. Trading profits were better than most we're anticipating. In the other income, we had the private equity gain and the ARS redemption proceeds. So those kind of where the differentiating factors on the revenue side. The one that stands out a little bit is the account and service fees that actually declined slightly from last quarter. There's really a couple of reasons. One is I would say September was abnormally high as we did some catch-up entries in that quarter that we didn't really elaborate on it and seen that material at the time related to some of the Morgan Keegan accounts that we brought over. So we're comparing to sort of an abnormally high. And the other part of that is I mentioned the compressing spread on client cash balances in our Bank suite program. Remember that's a fee income to us, not interest earnings to us from these outside banks. And that did compress several basis points this quarter to last, while the balance has stayed relatively flat. So that actually caused a slight decline as well. On the expense side, there were only a couple of items that were significantly off. Obviously the bank loan loss provision, which continues to come in at lower levels than would be normally indicated by the loan growth. And other expense was up a little higher. There's a couple of things. We had a little more legal expense. That wasn't a big driver. The bigger driver is we're doing a better job now of estimating and spreading across the four quarters of the year some of the valuation adjustments that happen annually in the tax credit funds that we consolidate into our books. We usually we've had a spike in the March quarter related to that, but we can sort of estimate them pretty well. So there is no reason for us to have that spike. We can make that ratable throughout the year, and I will also remind you that virtually all of that comes out to non-controlling interests. So it's not really our item to the pre-tax line, but it does distort the other expense line item. The one other thing I'll mention is for those who looked at the balance sheet saw our assets decline by almost about $1.3 billion from last quarter to this quarter. The real reason for that is at the end of December, we undertook a project to move about $1.75 billion of client cash balances out of what we call our client interest program on our own balance sheet into the Bank suite program. We hadn't been able to do that earlier, because we were up against capacity constraints in the Bank suite program. But we had some new banks join and some existing banks agreed to take larger deposits. So now we are able to accommodate clients' wishes for FDIC insurance and move another group of accounts off of our balance sheet into this Bank suite program. So you saw us come out of the brokerage client deposits on the liability side and generally out of the segregated assets or the reserve account on the asset side. So that plus the bank loan growth were really the two big shifts in the balance sheet from last quarter to this quarter.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. Just in terms of little bit of our view of the outlook, Private Client Group certainly, with their assets up 5%, should start off the quarter with some tailwinds and the same with Asset Management with a 9% increase in those assets were the new record of almost $450 billion of assets under administration and $60 billion of assets under management. However we don't expect our performance fees that usually come at the end of the year to be next quarter. So as you look at Asset Management, you can adjust those expectations. The Bank loan growth was good. We never know on pay-offs to decline. I think we give you direction if something else happens in that quarter. But overall, this is a very competitive market, but we've been able to grow loans. But there is a pressure on spreads. It will continue. And I'll talk about interest rates a little bit more. The provision has been low, but it won't remain low forever if we grow loans. So we've had again improving credit quality that's reduced the provision. But at some point, that provision as we grow loans is going to have to come up to match loan growth. The good news is credit quality continues to improve. On the Capital Markets side, the Equity Capital Markets, the overall market volumes remain challenged. We've done well. We've had a good lift this quarter by the Analysts' Best Picks. The financing markets appear positive and deals should still get done as long as the markets are good. M&A backlog looks good for us. I would call it strong, although traditionally, January and the first quarter are generally weaker in M&A markets, because a lot of deals get done by year-end. But as long as the markets stay good, I think the Equity Capital Markets outlook remains positive. Fixed income is just challenged with low short-term rates and the expectation of long rates to increase is just leaving a lot of investors on the sidelines watching. And those commission levels still remain challenged and I think will for some time. The offset has been very good trading profits. But if rates start to rise and if commissions don't improve, volumes, it will be hard to maintain those kind of trading profits in that environment. So we stay very, very cautious. Public finance issuance was down last quarter. We got a raise in the top 10 public finance issuers as the whole market was down. We expect it to improve. But when governments, which we think have the need to finance, start financing, we don't know. So we're cautious in the short term, but more positive in the medium to long term. So interest rates will rise, I think, and the question is when. We're well positioned to benefit from them, but until they do, especially with all the cash in the market, I think that spreads will continue to be challenging. We thought we had some relief from them last quarter. They look like they're getting to hurt again. And again, rates will rise some day as our position, we don't when. So in this environment, spreads will continue to be challenging. Cost discipline is very good. We talked about that through the whole Morgan Keegan integration, and you could see them show up in numbers last quarter and this quarter. And we are committed to managing that and you can see it in the run rate. So overall, we think the markets look constructive. There could be a correction in the Equity Capital Markets, but we believe the economy is in reasonable shape and expect constructive market, but again cautious given the reasons we talked about there. Overall, we feel great about our position. I think the integration is behind us. It's great to see we are acting as one team and we are operating as one team within a greater leadership. Our position is good. We feel great about our people and our firm overall. So with that, I'll turn it back to Judy and we'll take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Chubak from Nomura.
Steven Chubak: On the last earnings call, you noted that revenues at the Bank had recovered to $90 million level, as items were, I'm using your words, abnormally penalized in the past including SBA loan mark-downs as well as FX movements had reversed. This quarter, Bank NII was flattish and total revenues at the Bank came down $7 million. And I was hoping if you could clarify what drove the revenue decline this quarter.
Steve Raney: Steven, this is Steve Raney. There're some things in other income that in effect really went against us in the December quarter relative to the September quarter. It was a rather significant loan fee that was recognized in the September quarter, resulting from a loan pay-off in the Canadian portfolio that we bought a couple of years ago. The SBA loans that you referenced, the lower cost of market adjustment, there was a big positive back in the September quarter. We didn't see a similar improvement in that mark in the December quarter. That was about $1.4 million difference quarter-over-quarter. The foreign exchange impact and the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to Canada had about $3 million impact. We've already talked about the provision expense. There was about $3.5 million change quarter-over-quarter. Our Bank and life insurance had a $0.5 million difference quarter-over-quarter. So all those things combined resulted in the other income line being dramatically lower than the September quarter. So our core business remained very stable. As we had already mentioned, the net interest income, the small decrease in net interest margin was offset by higher average earning assets. But our loans on an average basis were up about $200 million. Point to point, it was $500 million. So hopefully that clarifies the difference for you on the other income line.
Steven Chubak: And I guess digging into the commercial lending side in particular, we're clearly seeing competition intensify and a general loosening of underwriting standards across the industry. I didn't know if you could speak to some of the competitive dynamics you're seeing in the market and your outlook for commercial loan growth, given what's been a historically conservative or disciplined approach to underwriting?
Paul Reilly: Yeah. That dynamic has really been in place now for a better part of two years. We continue to be extremely selective. We're really under no pressure at all to really grow loans or loosen our standards in order to grow loans. There's been enough volume and there's actually been an increase, I would say, in the M&A markets that have driven some of the transactions. We did have our most productive quarter. We did 89 transactions this last quarter. The higher watermark was the June quarter of last year that had 79 transactions. So yeah, in our unique model, there is still enough availability of new transactions that meet our credit standards. So I know we grew loans over 5% this last quarter. I don't think that pace will continue. But we're more optimistic just given the economic environment and deal flow that we're currently seeing, and we’re going to do that without loosening our standards.
Steven Chubak: Transitioning to the Capital Markets side, we saw that revenues were flat quarter-on-quarter and the contribution from some of the higher margin areas such as [inaudible] trading profits and M&A results are flat sequentially. And yet, the segment margin did decline 300 basis points. I didn't know if you could speak to some of the expense accrual trend that we're seeing within this segment in particular.
Paul Reilly: I think it's the two things. First, you get comp true-ups during the year-end, which are harder to predict and M&A, so we kind of I mean with the equity capital markets. So in the first quarter, I think the P&L is a little harder. And secondly, September quarter, I think, was our second best M&A quarter. And M&A, we tend to have better margins. We had a decent December quarter. It wasn't a bad quarter, but September was a very big quarter for us. And that drives comp down. So you are probably seeing most of the delta really in comp margins that drive that. Again, it’s a transaction based - a lot of transactions in that business. So it's a little lumpier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Harris: So you guys called out the recruiting pipeline and just kind of curious to get your thoughts, what does a good recruiting year look like for Raymond James in terms of advisor additions? And I know you guys historically tend to focus on quality, not quantity. So just wondering if you could share a little bit of what we might expect for the balance of the year.
Paul Reilly: Recruiting and net recruiting are two numbers. And I don't know if I can quantify honestly. I think the goal is actually $75 million in our businesses in each segment in our Private Client Group and our employee and independent contracted groups at similar targets, roughly that run rate of new recruiting. We also have rolled out our new RAA. It's on a new business, but I guess the reformatted business that we're hoping to add to those numbers, but it's early days. I think it's allowed us to fill our recruiting pipeline between getting people in and bringing them over. So that's kind of the run rate number we're targeting, but we're just as focused on the net number of assets, the way they keep growing is not to lose them and our retention has been very good. And so we're focused not really on the numbers, but we really look at assets.
Jeff Julien: And when recruiting, we're also reinvigorating the training effort in the firm, partially in response to some of the succession planning for ageing financial advisors, but also we've had some success with that in prior years and it was a good time to get that going again.
Chris Harris: And one follow-up question on the Bank maybe for Steve. I'm wondering if you could share maybe your NIM target for the year. And then in addition to that, given the puts and takes you guys have with loan growth and pay-offs, do you feel comfortable that you could maintain this level of revenue for the balance of the year, or do you think it could go potentially higher?
Steve Raney: Chris, it is hard to predict that. I mean as it has played out, the NIM compression has slowed, but there's still pressure on it. So we do think that over the balance of this year, we're going to continue to see net interest margins come in, but maybe at a slower pace than you saw NIMs come in year-over-year over 50 basis points. We don't think we're going to see that level of compression. I would say maybe another 20 to 25 basis points over the next year is maybe kind of a good number, offset hopefully by higher average earning assets and more loans. So I know there's been some volatility in our other income line. The net interest income line, we're focused on all of it, but there are some things that are really outside of our control on some of the other income line. I'd like to think that we're going to be actually able to grow net interest income slightly. So therefore, the increase in earning assets would more than offset the net interest margin compression. But I would say there's risk in that prediction just because there is a lot of unknown and uncertainty.
Paul Reilly: That's a hard one to predict. It looked like we were going to get some relief from that, and that's come back in and who knows what else went out. So we're subject to the markets. But today, from a standing start, which seemed to be off every time we predict, the market has moved another way. It looks like compression will still get some of that light compression.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey from KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Just to dig in a little bit deeper on the trading gains, I appreciate the color you gave. Can you just give us a little bit more clarity on precisely on what securities experienced the meaningful gains and is this going to be a sustainable trend, or it's just due to higher volumes in those securities or is there any kind of one-time issue?
Paul Reilly: Yeah, most of the trading profits have come through the muni book. Certainly that was true in last quarter. So there are two pieces to it. One is the retail activity was okay just because I think people have repositioned, giving longer from shorter, which we think is a good thing for retail clients. They're going shorter. And then in the institutional side of the market, if you talk to people, a lot of people got frightened in June with the rate corrections, which none of us liked, but we're pretty steady. And we've stayed in the markets. I think people have backed out a little bit. And since we're turning inventories really twice the weeks, we feel pretty comfortable in our position. And we have some rates, the 10-year came in during the quarter, which anytime that happens when you own stuff, you make a little more money on it. So overall, that's where it's coming from. And again, the concern is that as commission volumes stay low that that's going to be under pressure. January, same trends continued both on conditions and the trading profits are pretty good. I don't know how long that holds up.
Jeff Julien: In the past, Joel, we have guided in the $12 million to $15 million, I think, per quarter in trading profits. I don't necessarily think we would change that guidance going forward. This past quarter, we had some additional help from some emerging markets trading. They all were going in the right direction this time on top of the majority of it, which was provided by fixed income.
Joel Jeffrey: The diluted share count continues to rise. I think it's up a little under 3% year-on-year, and I know you guys have historically looked to buy back stock when you're at about 1.5 times book. But has there been any sort of change in how you're thinking about this, given the valuation of the stock? And then how should we think about future share count growth?
Jeff Julien: Well, it's something as we've grown, we've had share count growth. A lot of people have asked us about capital. We like to deploy the capital in the growth areas in the business. And we're consistently looking over opportunities, but we're conservative and we're so analyzing kind of what the options are there. So I'd say you're going to continue unless we do something differently to see a little bit of dilution in the share count. We'll look at opportunities to deploy capital and when we determine we have excess capital, what we'll do with this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christian Bolu from Credit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: On the fixed income business, by your words, activity remains sluggish there. Just curious on your thoughts on resource allocations in that division. Should we expect that to be resized in the light of weaker industry trends?
Paul Reilly: We went through a significant resizing when we combined Morgan Keegan with Raymond James. We sized it hopefully for a growing market. And it obvious that didn't happen. We made some cuts. And then again last year, we sized it. So I feel very comfortable with size. It's a pretty variable model in terms of costs. We do have salaries, but they're generally low and it's really more of a variable cost model in general. We have some fixed cost guarantees basically from the acquisition that come off in April. And so I think the sizing of the fixed income business for now we're very comfortable. We've very, very good people. And we've proven in the operations both in the top market. In June, I think we outperformed by losing less in trading profits. And that's due both to our very good traders and our very good salespeople. And I think we've shown that we've outperformed in this sluggish market. So I feel good about the people we have, but that model is pretty variable. I mean obviously if there is a dramatic change or you think you're down for a extended period of time, you ought to look at cost. But we tend to rise temporary downturns through and done over higher in big boom times. So we're more long-term player than trying to adjust for short-term profitability.
Jeff Julien: And further to your question of resource allocation, we're running that business on about half the inventory levels as we were running it at the peak in these, kind of averaging between $500 million to $600 million in total outstanding, where it was well over $1 billion at its peak before we further streamlined that. It's not using as much capital in that regard.
Christian Bolu: Just moving on to retail, you sound very constructive. And in light of some of the positive comments we've had from your peers, I was just curious as to what you and the team are seeing in terms of retail engagements just so far this year.
Paul Reilly: There is no doubt there has been a movement in the equities. And if you look at our economist review, it's a rather overweight equities and underweight fixed income in general for the individual investor. So you're seeing some movement in there. I'd get concerned when the retail investors are chasing a positive market. You don't want them to get into the peak. On the other side, if you look at retail, it is not positive on the equity markets. And in fact, our December sentiment actually went down under 30% for the investors who were positive about the short-term equity market. So you're seeing a mixed bag. I think there is movements in the equities. Some of that is the push out of fixed income a little bit. And looking for dividend yield, some of it is watching the rise in the market. So there's definitely inflows into equities out of fixed income.
Jeff Julien: When you look at our client base and their mix of investments, it has shifted a little bit toward equities, but we attribute most of that to appreciation and portfolios, not actual money movements.
Christian Bolu: Can you give broader client cash management strategy just in the context of kind of the excess capital you're sitting on, what would drive you to the more opportunistic in terms of deploying that client cash within the Bank?
Paul Reilly: We look at that pretty regularly. It's hard for us to do much different than we're doing without taking either credit or duration risk. And even a modest amount of that just seems like in stressed times, whenever something can go wrong, it's a little bit of our risk aversion that's causing us from trying to catch bigger spreads on that client cash. But we have looked at exactly what you're talking about on several occasions. And maybe to some modest extent, to the extent that we can find acceptable investments on the asset side. And we know a lot of the competitors and we could see in the releases of middle firm securities to raise their spreads. We try not to take those rate risk and we've always been conservative. Our strategy is like that, a little slower or not earning as much. But when markets move, we look a little smarter. Again, we tend to be on the conservative long-term side. So we do some of that to be modest. We're more worried about long-term impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: A couple of things here, first on competition. Jeff, can you remind us on how much of the RSU amortization from the Morgan Keegan deal that I think expires in April amounts to? So kind of in dollar terms, how much will sort of this drop-off in amortization for you starting I guess in May?
Jeff Julien: Yeah. We've got some RSU amortization, but most of those were three year, not two year. But we've got some management. So it's really what ties some of the guaranteed payouts and things we're using in place of RSUs. I want to say it amounts to on an annualized about $4 million or so. I remember the number that was given to us by fixed income.
Alex Blostein: And how much of that drops off in three years?
Jeff Julien: In three years, it'll be a bigger number. It's running about $6 million to $7 million a year right now in the RSU amortization.
Alex Blostein: Can you talk a little bit about which client you're seeing most pressure in and what type of broad environment do we need to see exploration and fixed income results?
Paul Reilly: Well, the bulk of our fixed income business, I mean our really franchise is in the muni business and the mid-bank in place that are very, very strong. We're in the corporate business. So it's more of an accommodation business for us. I wouldn't call it our pure profit drivers. So it's that space both the bank mid-tier banks and their investments and loans and the muni business that really drive our levels in our fixed income practice, as well as our retail.
Alex Blostein: Did you see an improvement in those areas or what kind of environment do you guys need to see? I don't know if there are one or two metrics, but whether it flows into the new funds or steeper yield curve, or what kind of environment should yield better results?
Paul Reilly: Definitely a steeper yield curve and volatility. I guess you'd say the worst part for that business would be a slow, steady creep of rates, where people just wait and wait and wait. And the best environment is when the rates jerk up and it shocks people. It's bad on trading profits maybe for the short-term, but long-term, people move and your commission volumes go up and you make it back. So we'd rather see steep rate increases in a slow, steady couple of basis points every month. That's kind of the torture environment for fixed income business. So steep and volatility is good for fixed income. The best news is when they're doing bad, the equity markets are doing really well and the overall firm does better. But definitely rates have to move. They're absolutely low. And so rates moving up help that business to reposition their securities portfolios.
Alex Blostein: When you look at consolidated net interest income for the whole entity, and that's a pretty decent source of net interest income for you guys. So can you talk about the balances you saw in the December quarter and maybe what you're seeing for January?
Jeff Julien: Yeah. We're not seeing a lot of movement in balances. But we have to look at jointly with securities base lending at the Bank, because that's kind of an alternative with sort of a lot of the same purposes. On a combined basis, they're certainly growing. But SPL at the Bank is growing faster than traditional margin lending at the brokers firm. The reason that the net interest earnings were up a little bit over the last quarter in the Private Client Group segment was we talked last quarter about a number of fee changes that were being implemented around the firm that would lead to some increased revenues this year kind of being phased in over the course of the year. But one of the changes that went in on October 1 was a change in our margin schedule. And that did have some immediate impact to the tune of $1.5 million to $2 million per quarter, which did show up in this first quarter in the Private Client Group net interest spread. Some of the other fees will hit some of the other line items over the course of the year as they are phased in January and April.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Allen from Evercore.
Chris Allen: Just wanted to ask about the Private Client Group margin. I realized sort of the 9% target in one quarter into the year. You don't want to revise that yet. But moving forward, just given what client assets have ended the growth in fee-based assets and what seems to be a decent recruiting pipeline, is there any reason not to expect incremental margin expansion from here?
Paul Reilly: The impact to recruiting is you got to charge against income too. So as you amortize those payments, so as you recruit, it's actually a drag on short-term margins. So obviously if the market continues to go up, you're going to get margin extension on the revenue. But I think it's kind of early to call. We changed our grid and our employee size this year and those effects are still coming through. We've done a number of fee changes that are still coming through. So I wouldn't declare one quarter as the number that we should live off. I think we got to look that play out. Markets are good.
Chris Allen: The $1.75 billion in customer cash is moved to the Bank suite program. Is there any economic benefit?
Paul Reilly: It's roughly a push in terms of economics. Otherwise, we might have had second thoughts. But it is where clients want it. But it does move the revenues on that money from what was interest earnings to us in our segregated asset account moves it to now the fee income from the other banks. So it'll be a couple of million dollar year shift from one item to the other, but in terms of economics to the overall premise about a push.
Chris Allen: I know you guys mentioned a bunch of the special items. Any color in terms of what those numbers would look like ex the items? Obviously there's some compensation that's included with the performance fee in private equity. So I'm just trying to get a handle on that.
Paul Reilly: I mean where we'd hoped over the course of the year, remember I said to get us down to that 68% type comp ratio was going to require some revenue help. We'd like to see that as an operating revenues, not special items. And we're starting to see that in some of the divisions. So certainly it was a big improvement from last year's average and trending the right way, but it probably wasn't quite as good as it looked, but we are still hopeful that we can get to that level on a sustainable run rate by the end of the fiscal year.
Chris Allen: The cash balance is still over $2.5 billion. And once you axe out the corporate debt, it came to over $9 in cash per share. And I realized you guys are going to be reassessing capital and thinking about investing for growth. I'm just wondering if there's a minimum cash level that's kind of necessary to firm, so this seems pretty high at present.
Paul Reilly: We have talked about this in some of our conferences. We do have cash targets. All that cash that you see in our balance sheet is not ours. A lot of it is client cash at the Bank, for example, that's just not invested yet. We actually have at our corporate about a little over $1 billion that we call free cash. We do have internal targets that are somewhat less than that. We kind of set that as a percent of overall shareholders' equity. So it gravitates up over time. But by those measures, we have some excess cash and capital at this point in time, not huge numbers, but in the couple of hundred million dollars range. And that's kind of what we said publicly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Within the equity underwriting business, the revenues there were a bit softer than I would have expected, given the strength that we've seen across the street. So just curious to know if there is anything maybe that you guys experienced from a sector exposure perspective and maybe waited on your results a bit and then just how to characterize your backlog specifically in the equity issuance business?
Paul Reilly: I wouldn't have characterized them as soft, but we play extremely well in certain sectors, the REIT, the downstream energy space. There's number of other spaces, growing technology, healthcare and those markets are all differential depending on who is financing, what deals at what time and what space. So I would say our backlog is good. I think I fell good about what they did in the quarter and I think the backlog looks good in a good market. So when certain sectors hit or certain areas we specialize in and the markets grew, were better. And when other sectors do better, maybe it will take up a few more deals. I thought they did a good job in the quarter and I think the outlook looks good. I would tell you I feel good about the business. And as long as the market is open, I think they're fine. They weren't record, but they were good. And M&A wasn't record, but it was good. And I think the backlog is good. We'll just have to see. And M&A especially is lumpy. So when they lose, you get big fees.
Devin Ryan: And then just another question on capital allocation and thoughts, I mean from an acquisition perspective, are you guys seeing any interesting opportunity? I'm curious to know what the volume looks like of opportunities that are coming to you guys in this market, and then are there any segments specifically? You guys highlighted in the past Asset Management where you've actually done a couple of deals, but are there any areas where you feel like you'd be interested in doing something if the right opportunity came across your desk?
Paul Reilly: Yeah, I'd say first Asset Management is the one that we've highlighted, because they've probably been most active consistently on and they're still interested in deals. As you know, we're highly selective and tend to be long-term. We talked about a number of Private Client Group we'd love to have, but you could count them on one hand and they're probably not for sale. So we tend to be long-term and focused on those kind of deals. And we're not going to buy something just to grow. We get a lot of people that bring stuff to us for size and we just say we're not interested. So we're selective. We've wanted to extend in Canada where we seem to be profitable when the other non-fixed banks are challenged. But again, you got to find the right opportunities at the right price. And we've been more active in looking at the U.K. in M&A and Private Client. But again, that has been successful in marrying up what we're interested in with the opportunities. But we continue to work at it, work on the contacts. And again, we're not transactional-based. We'll continue to look at those deals. And at the right place, the right time, if doesn't, we're not going to buy.
Jeff Julien: You make it sound a little more passive than it is. It used to be outside of Asset Management. They just react to deals that were shown to us. But we do have a proactive effort now in addition to the ongoing effort in Asset Management to look at potential targets in all of our spaces.
Paul Reilly: We have corporate development function. We have targets. We do have conversations. But again, we're only going to do the right deals at the right price and firms with our culture that fit long-term. And if we could find more Morgan Keegans, we do them, but there's not just a lot out there that fits that way and certainly not of that size.
Devin Ryan: With the respect to the headcount, I thought I missed this, but what drove this small sequential decline from last quarter? And then with respect to your comments on the backlog, it sounds like things are picking up. And so just curious if you can provide any perspective around expectations for timing just based on where you guys are in discussions if you expect that you could be closing on more individuals? Is it going to be this quarter or does it look like it's first half of the calendar year, or just any perspective based on where the conversations are?
Paul Reilly: Year-end you tend to have more activity. We also put new grid in for RJA combined Raymond James and Morgan Keegan. And it was tough around the lower end of producers and where we try to continue to upgrade, and you can see it in our productivity. We tend to lose people to lower end. And for economic reasons, they go to firms where lower volumes and they get a little better payouts and what we think is appropriate for our strategy. So that's where you're really seeing the numbers. If I could tell on recruitment, when people join, everyone is almost like an M&A deal. You got to convince them over and then they time it. Sometimes they move so much, they don't come. They generally move out a little bit. So I don't think you're going to see any lumpiness. I think you're going to see a good, steady. From what we can tell on the pipeline and good steady increase in terms of the number of people coming over. So we kind of measure that by pipeline, how many people are we talking to, how many people come into the home office. And I think we can just tell you that those activity levels are all up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Mitchell from Buckingham Research.
Jim Mitchell: I don't know if you can give any color on what net inflows look like into the retail brokerage business and/or asset management, that would be great.
Paul Reilly: I don't have the numbers here. You would expect in Asset Management, they're up 9%. 5% to 6% of that would have been market lift and the rest of net flows. We had very good net flows in that business. An d it just continues, partly as advisors get more into it, Morgan Keegan continues to invest more in our Asset Management business. Our outside businesses are going good. So we get good net flows.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe just one quick follow-up on the Capital Markets division, that's the one area that pre-tax margins are a little bit below your target. Is the amortization coupled with better revenues, or do you think there's still some more that you can get done there to hit your targets?
Paul Reilly: Fixed income is tough right now. So you're going to get some margin drag from there. And as I explained a little bit earlier, in the Equity Capital Markets business, I think it's hard with comp ratios to predict what they really should be. So that's kind of a lumpy business. So we kind of estimate them and correct them. As we get through the year-end when we get a better view on volume, so that's some work to do to get those margins up and there might be a little bit of cost. We continue to analyze kind of our total cost in Equity Capital Markets. But they're doing well. They're positioned well. So I think you'll see an improvement. Again, in that business, the Capital Markets business, it's hard to get a trend off of one quarter.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Paul Reilly: Thank you. I would like to make one further comment before we get off the call. First, thanks to all for joining. The other one is really to thank Chet Helck. Chet has been invaluable in growing our Private Client Group business. He was an innovator in RJF. He took over and ran that and has jointly overseen our Private Client Group business and we had great growth, great advisors joined us under his leadership. And he has proactively put succession in place a couple of years ago with Scott for doing a great job. And I have seen too many people for a couple of years to hang on. So he says you got the team in place and I want to go on and enjoy life a little bit. So I appreciate him for his leadership, his development and promotion of people internally. Part of all of our jobs is to make sure that organization succeeds well beyond as we bring succession in. So he's been invaluable. We'll miss him. He's left a great legacy here and just wanted to thank him and let you all know that the Private Client Group is in great hands. So with that, thank you all for joining and hope it warms up there for you in the Northeast by our next quarterly call and certainly by the Super Bowl, because I'll be up there next weekend. So warm it up.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-10-24 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. I would like to welcome everyone to the Raymond James Financial Quarterly Analyst Conference Call. To the extent that Raymond James makes forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory proceedings and other similar matters, a variety of factors, many of which are beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and experiences to differ majorly from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2012 annual report on Form 10-K, which is available on sec.gov. In addition to those factors, in connection with Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance: difficulty integrating Raymond James and Morgan Keegan's businesses or realizing the projected benefits of the transactions; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in the capital markets; and diversion of management time on integration-related issues. To the extent Raymond James discusses non-GAAP results, the reconciliation to GAAP is available on raymondjames.com and the earnings release issued yesterday. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to your speaker for this morning, Mr. Paul Reilly, Chief Executive Officer of Raymond James.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Good morning. I have in the room, Steve Raney from the bank; Jeff Julien, our CFO; Jennifer Ackart, our Controller; and Ken from Legal. So we've got a good group here for your questions. First, obviously, a good quarter for us. I caution you against multiplying it x4 as a run rate, as you know, we have a number of unusual items. We recorded a net revenue of $4.5 billion for the year, up 18% year-over-year and recorded net income of $367 million, up 24% year-over-year, with our diluted GAAP EPS of $2.58, up 17% year-over-year and our diluted non-GAAP of $2.95, up 18% year-over-year. And I start with the year because, we noticed it's been a big year for us, with the Morgan Keegan combination. And I'm really proud of our group, having come through the combination. You can see the synergy results showing up in the numbers this quarter as we talked about a year ago. And all 4 of our operating segments really had record years. So given the market, the uncertainty and the combination, which the integration is essentially over, it was quite a year for us. On the quarter, our revenue is $1.15 billion, or up 1% sequentially. Net income was $117.5 million, up 40% sequentially. And there -- this is a very good operating quarter, but there are a number of kind of unusual items in that. And I'll roughly break it down, these are rough numbers. So the income of $117.5 million, it's roughly $30 million to -- $35 million to $40 million over estimates, GAAP or non-GAAP. $15 million of that number was really tax driven. And I'll let Jeff get into that as he -- I'll go through the segments and he'll into some of the details. Almost up to $10 million was kind of bank driven. And then $10 million to $15 million were really operating results, which we on the back of record investment banking revenue, driven by great M&A activity, trading profit recovery and fixed income, not only a recovery, but a very solid quarter. And operating costs and synergies that you can see flowing through the P&L now. For the Private Client Group, the year-over-year revenue was up 18%, but the pretax is only 7%. And that really had to do with the IT spend and integration cost that were flowing through. You can see now that, that's reversing as we were through the integration. The quarter revenue was flat, but the pretax was up 7%, as you can see the IT cost coming down and the integration cost really getting through. We're in solid shape. Our Private Client Group assets under administration of $402.6 billion or a total for the firm of $425.4 billion, and this is a record. And I'll talk about that a little more when we get into outlook. Capital markets drove much of the beat this quarter, and our stronger equity underwritings and fixed income investment banking revenues were both up. The real driver was M&A, up 65% sequentially. In fact, if you take the December month, or December quarter as we report, and September month but September quarter, this quarter as we report, much of that activity was very concentrated in those 2 periods. Trading profits and fixed income went from a negative -- trading profits went from negative $1.5 million last quarter to $18 million plus this. And that was a positive surprise, given this environment and lower inventory levels than we've historically operated. So a very good performance from both capital markets divisions. The capital markets revenue was up 15% year-over-year and 35% up on pretax. And the revenue, up 7% for the quarter and 152% sequentially. So a very strong capital markets quarter. But we know that business tends to be lumpy, and I'll talk about the outlook a little later on. In our asset management division, revenues, up 23% year-over-year and pretax, up 43% year-over-year, driven by market and appreciation inflows and MK assets, such as migrated on to our platform. Our revenue was up 5% sequentially and our pretax, up 28%. But that pretax number and margins were aided by a $1 million comp adjustment as we look to outlook, and some of the comp going forward. So a little higher margin and profit, when you look at a normalized rate. We did have record assets under administration of $56 billion. RJ Bank revenue, up 3% year-on-year and pretax, up 11%. Revenues, up 10% sequentially and pretax, up 15%. The bank was aided by a negative credit provision of $2 million. The good news is that criticized loans, when they pay off, you release the provision. The bad news is you can't run on a negative provision forever. Because we are in the business of making loans, and the only way to have a consistent negative provision is to run off your good loans. So that certainly has an impact on some other items that Jeff will get into. Loans continue to grow and have done a great job, but spreads continue to stay under pressure. And Jeff and/or Steve will get into that as we go. You can see that the synergies, as promised in this quarter, are coming through the P&L. And in fact, one of the good things as CEO, I get to declare arbitrary things, and one of those is that the MK integration is really over. And that we're now going to focus on just moving forward with our business. And you're going to see that line item kind of disappear as we move forward. So even with the adjustments, a good quarter, some of that driven by -- a lot of that driven by capital markets, and I'll talk about the outlook for our business segments after Jeff goes into a little more detail. So Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Thanks, Paul. Just to add some color to some of the figures. This quarter was record earnings for the firm and -- but it was not our -- interestingly, our best-ever net revenue quarter. We trailed the quarter in March this year, which had the large private equity transaction that -- you'll remember, a large part of which the profits came out through noncontrolling interest. But still a record on the earnings side. Pretax margin, a number of you have already written reports and have noticed that on the face of it appears that we've kind of reached our margin target already, that we cited at the Analyst Day. And I would say, it's somewhat driven by some of these factors that Paul has talked about, and I'll talk about in the future. So again, I don't necessarily think we would conclude that we've reached our targets on a sustainable basis yet. The comp ratio dropped to about 67.3% and 68% for the year. We have seen improvement, no question about it, in the comp ratio. But at the end of the day, we think there's still a little bit more to come between now and, say, the end of fiscal '14. And that's -- some of that is going to come through what we project as revenue growth with some scale built into it. But this does -- this is largely reflective of most of the synergies that we expected to get out of the integration of Morgan Keegan, which -- a large part of the headcount reduction happening in the June and September quarters. The tax rate, obviously, very little explanation. We have a -- had a very low rate for the quarter, 27.5%, really driven by 2 major factors. One is that we have been providing taxes for future dividends from our Canadian subsidiary. But we've now altered our strategy on that and no longer have to provide those taxes. So even though that reversal, which, in fairness, to quantify, it was $10.7 million, occurred in this quarter. Obviously, it relates to a cumulative provision we've made over time for the earnings in Canada. So really, you can really say it's not really this period, but keep the current entry relay to the cumulative effect of that. And then the other piece in this quarter, about $4 million related to the gains in our corporate-owned life insurance. I'm not sure would call that a nonrecurring or one-time event. Obviously, we have COLI fluctuations every quarter, and generally, they've been more positive than negative to our provision for the year, for every year. But there are about $4 million tax benefit for this quarter and about $8.7 million for the year, and just because of the appreciation and the corporate-owned life insurance investments. GAAP ROE was 13. Non-GAAP ROE was 14.7. I will -- I think, I agree with one of the comments that we got that said, arguably, we could have put this nonrecurring tax benefit into the calculation of our non-GAAP earnings because we certainly view that as a nonrecurring type item. But we -- at some point, we don't know where you stop. So there's a lot of little things that are nonrecurring every quarter. So we chose not to do that. But the math was easy, and all of you have done it in your reports that I've seen so far. Book value closed at $26.40; tangible, $23.86; and shareholders' equity, $3.663 billion, of course, all records. And Paul has talked about assets under administration and assets under management, both hitting records as well. For the year, we obviously had record revenues and earnings for the year. Again, 12 months of Morgan Keegan this year, 6 months last year. Pretax margin for the year on a GAAP basis was about 12.6% and non-GAAP 14.4%. So again, just because we achieved this quarter -- Paul will talk a little bit about the outlook and why maybe that's not the right thing to do, but I'll make a couple of comments myself on that before I turn it back to him. Comp ratio for the year, I mentioned 68.1 and tax rate, 35%, again aided by both COLI and the one-time tax benefit. ROE, about 10.6%; non-GAAP, 12% for the year. My comment would be with -- my comment, before I give it back to Paul, for next year -- I'm sorry, I need to talk about that bank just for a second also. A number of you commented, yes, net interest was relatively flat, but they showed pretty dramatic improvement in results, sequentially. In the other revenue line at the bank are a number of items which were negative last quarter and flipped to positive this quarter. The 2 biggest ones were, we do have some ForEx gain and loss at the bank. We have about $35 million or $40 million of loans at RJ Bank, U.S., that are not hedged. And the ForEx was a negative $2 million in the June quarter, and it was a positive $1 million in this quarter, so a $3 million swing in that item. And then there is the SBA loans that we house on the bank's books, and then later, package and sell. We had a negative mark because of the state of the fixed income market in the June quarter. So we had a negative $2.5 million mark on those loans at the end of June. And when those loans were subsequently sold in the current quarter, that mark substantially went away. So we ended up with a $2 million, writing it back up by over $2 million, so a $4.5 million swing on that. So sequentially, it looked like a big jump in those items. But the fact is, last quarter was abnormally penalized by a few million dollars and this quarter just reversed it. In terms of my take on the outlook is -- well, I have a little page here, I call it "adjustments to reality." If you look at our year and try to forecast next year, in my opinion, the things that I would certainly take into consideration are the low tax rate for the year. COLI is not necessarily nonrecurring, so it depends on what your outlook for the market is. But if you have a flat market outlook, it really won't have much impact. But we certainly won't have that credit again. So certainly, if you adjust the tax rate for the year to a more normalized rate, adjust the bank's loan loss provision -- $2.5 million loan loss provision for the year, given the loan growth and the amount of turnover we had, and the portfolio and all is really abnormally low. We're happy to have experienced it, but I'm not sure we would forecast that to continue. And then the third thing for the year. If you remember, 2 quarters ago, we had a very significant private equity transaction, which -- again, a large part went out to noncontrolling interest, but a large part -- a reasonably sized piece was our profits. We had about $30 million of profits from that over the course of the year, pretax profits, hitting our books. I would -- and there wasn't much activity and private equity in the fourth quarter, which now is consolidated into the other segment. So I would say, if I were to try to normalize it again, I'd probably look at the June proprietary capital segment and discount that to some extent. So when you do all that, and then you put some kind of reasonable growth rate on it, in my opinion, it doesn't make next year's current consensus look all that out of line with what might be reality. But Paul has got some thoughts on that, that he'd like to share as well.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Well, thank you, Jeff. Let me give you a little color by segment. And like Jeff, I'd caution anyone using this quarter for a base. Any quarter that's capital markets-driven is -- always has some risks. In the Private Client Group, we've had -- the numbers and commissions with the MK integration and some of the changes, and people leaving and through all that have been a little less steady. But I think, if you look forward now, that we are steady. Billable assets were up 6%, going into this coming quarter, which should bode well for that part of the business, and the course of the commission part is yet to come. Recruiting has picked up substantially in both businesses over this last quarter. I think we're going to start seeing better results, both by, I think, some market movement. As the market gets choppy, we see more recruiting activity. The up market we had in the beginning year, I think put a downward impact on that. And secondly, we're a lot more focused now. We're focused outside versus inside. And so recruiting is up substantially and retention is holding very, very well. And the capital markets, as you all know, is volatile. EC and ECM, the underwriting window is still open. But that's always a hard one to tell when it does close. M&A had a very big year and a very good record, but that's a lumpy business. And again, just December and September made up most of that activity. Backlog looks good, but it's lumpy. So it's hard to predict. Fixed income, commissions are very challenged still. Again, another sequential drop in institutional commissions in this interest rate environment. And as we said, we didn't see that picking up until there is a change in the rate structure, which has seemed to settle back down after the government reopened. And the trading profits for the quarter were very good on half of the inventories that we used to carry. And we don't take that because we're really -- we size our inventory for our business and they just had exceptional results, especially given our competitors. So in this environment, I'm not sure that this quarter run rate is what we should expect every quarter. I think, it was a very, very excellent performance for the quarter. Our asset management is in good shape. This margin -- our margin this year was inflated. I mean, based on -- if you looked at -- on a normal run rate, the comp reversal, we still expect good performance, and the target of 30% margin, we think, is, they are not the margin that appeared in the quarter. But 30% is a very solid margin. I wish all of our businesses had that. And the bank is going to stay under pressure. Loan growth is very competitive. The bank has done good job of growing in a very competitive market. And the loans and the credit range that we want to take, and we're sticking to our credit discipline. But there is still spreads and interest compression. And I think until interest rates really move, and loans stay competitive, we're going to stay under that compression threat. And the loan provision of $2 million negative isn't normal. Last year, we had a mid $25 million provision, and you look for growth and underwriting, certainly somewhere closer to that range versus where we are if you have any kind of negative credit at all, and your portfolio is more normalized. Although the credit right now seems very, very good still, and the trends are good, I think, that's not a normalized environment. We still expect -- we're still trying to hit our 15% target by the end of the fourth quarter of 2014 this fiscal year. So this quarter was aided by a bunch of other factors. We don't view ourselves as there, that we want our businesses to increase their margins to hit our target. Then if you take out the exceptional items, we are not there yet. But we're still focused, like we've told you, to attain that margin by the -- that run rate by the fourth quarter of 2014. Our integration is complete, only because I guess I declared it. The cost synergies are showing up, so you can see them. Now we're focused, really, on organic growth, niche acquisitions in running our business and any cost adjustments we'll do going forward will be based on our business and our strategy. So given the uncertain environment, I'm kind of with Jeff, that the kind of the consensus earning outlook is probably in a ballpark that's reasonable, given where the markets are today. And we just can't predict the capital markets.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And if I can just make one more comment. The integration expense line was a lot higher this quarter than we had anticipated, and I think probably The Street as well. I would tell you that we basically underestimated some of the costs related to some of the real estate consolidation that we -- either in the process of or have planned to do in the near future, in several of the big cities, mainly institutional offices. And secondly, we had some lingering IT expenses that we had not recognized, that hit this quarter. So overall, from start to finish, where we had predicted at the beginning of this exercise, $110 million over the 2-year period or 18-month period of integration expenses, we actually ended up with just a little over $130 million. So we actually did misestimate that particular figure. But on other side, we probably underestimated the synergies as well. So -- and some of those are starting to come home to roost. And there'll be some others drifting in over the year as some deals burn off and things like that. But the material portion is out at this point in time.
Paul Christopher Reilly: So I think good operating results. We've got a lot of work ahead of us this quarter, driven largely by capital markets. If that environment continues, it'd be nice, but that's -- it was an awfully good quarter. So I would take a x4 if someone will give it to me instantly, but I don't think it's that easy, and it tends to be lumpy on a very strong quarter. And great performance by our equity capital and fixed income colleagues, given the market. So with that, Brook, let's open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Just a follow up, Paul, on your comments about the integration and the comments that it's relatively -- I guess it's fully complete, actually. In the past, you guys have talked about carrying higher support levels for an extended period of time. Is that part of your integration costs, or are those still in place? And if they are, how quickly do you think you can run those down?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I think a lot of those have run through. You're not going to see a big drop in integration. We think, over time, we can, but some of that is going to have to be systems driven, too, so it's going to take some time. So we think we can get more synergy in the operating. We did do a number of -- in our 2 risks, plus a restructuring, we had kind of a management risk and operations last quarter. So we think, you're going to -- you've seen of that in this quarter. We don't see a lot of change in there going forward. We do think, as we get in some of these technology enhancements we're putting in, that we can hold the operation cost study as we grow. But IT, as you know, we've brought the cost down, and it may come down a little bit more. So you'll see it probably a little bit in the IT lines and -- but in our overall ops line, I don't think the dollar amount is going to change much. And part of that isn't synergy in the operating part. I'll tell you, the biggest increase in our operation support has all been around regulation. It's been around cost basis. So we went from 2 to 75 people in order to support it. And so until we get all that automated, that's not going to go down, and we don't see it going down because we keep having to add more items. So a lot of this regulatory driven changes have added to support levels. And as we automate that, we think we can get some synergies. But I wouldn't look for them in this year. I think we're pretty well, with the small decrease in IT coming, that we're pretty well where we're going to be at an operating for the near term.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then in terms of just the M&A markets of late, I mean, if you look at sort of the industry-wide data, and they indicate that this -- the markets have been pretty weak. But looking at some of the results of -- from yourself and some of your competitors, a lot have posted pretty strong quarters. I mean, are we at a point in time where it's really just a market that's very driven by sort of specific transactions that people are involved in? It's just -- it's not as important to take look at sort of the broader picture in terms of what's going on the market?
Paul Christopher Reilly: That's been a weird segment because backlog has stayed good even through these cycles. And what we've had is a backlog, and then a rush to close everything in December. So then you have the first quarter, maybe into the second quarter, that was down. And now we're seeing deals close again, and still a good backlog. And the feeling is that M&A activity should be good. Now they're driven by specific transactions, and I think the small to mid -- middle market business has probably been more active. And if you look at the indicators of the big deals, it looks weakening. The middle market has tended to follow the big deal trend, but we don't see that right now. So we had an exceptional quarter, and they were deal-specific and good-sized deals for us. I think we'll continue to do okay in that. I read the commentary like you that it's going down, but it seems like the people in middle market business had a pretty good quarter and they're experiencing what we're experiencing, which is good backlog and good activity for those companies.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And it seems like the overall environment is still good. There is -- people still have a lot of cash and if they don’t, financing is still available at a very reasonable cost. And the targets are still reasonably priced in the marketplace in several sectors. The pieces are in place, I think, and what's holding it down, if anything, are these people's outlook for the near term in terms of the economic environment, et cetera.
Paul Christopher Reilly: On Sunday, someone will write a Harvard Business School case on what happens in M&A in this environment, with cash, debt cost, and what drives it because it's -- I think everyone expected more activity that we've got this year. And it seems to have been picking back up in our -- and at least in the area that we compete in.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then just lastly for me. I apologize if I missed this earlier. But in terms of the sort of quarter-on-quarter decline in comp ratio, I mean, is that primarily attributed to better revenues coming out of the lower comp capital markets business? Or was there something else all factoring into that?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, you've had revenue both from the bank and their adjustments and capital markets. And a lot of that is M&A, which is less costly than banking overall, usually, and commissions were are even cheaper, but they weren't up, so. I think it's just volume over the fixed cost in that business, and our capital markets -- in our Equity Capital Markets business, we have research as a big fixed cost, in that we're a research-based firm. So revenue certainly expands the margins, so you had a big improvement there. And in fixed income, trading profits, again, we make more money off of trading profits then commissions. And we lose more money, and we don't get the benefit [indiscernible] last quarter. So I think it is the capital markets' activity in volume that really drove the drop in comp ratio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hugh Miller with Sidoti.
Hugh M. Miller: So I guess -- following on the capital markets theme, I was wondering, obviously, you guys have talked about doing some cost rationalization within the Equity Capital Markets space, given that we are starting to see some signs and glimmers of a better environment there. Is there more to go, from your perspective from, that cost?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, there's -- there may be some. But I -- we took at a lot of those actions, but certainly at the Morgan Keegan integration. And we've been, quarterly, looking at the rationalization of bankers. And we've also made some investments last year on our technology practice, which have done very well from a standing start. So you got a lot of factors that I think will help the comp ratio, the -- so you may see some more, but a lot of that's through, unless revenues start trailing back down. But right now, if we can keep this kind of market revenue -- this kind of market, I think, our cost seems pretty good. If the trends back down, then we'll have to adjust it.
Hugh M. Miller: Sure, okay. And I guess, looking at that, too, it seems like, obviously, you guys are cautious about potential for these levels to continue for the ECM business. But then -- I think you also mentioned that the backlog still seems like it's strong, and that you're not really drawing down on it, is kind of the way I took it. But can you just -- is that a good way of looking at it, though? It's not as though you're seeing that pull-forward and drawdown on the backlog in this particular quarter ?
Paul Christopher Reilly: So I would say that, M&A, yes, but it's lumpy, right? So I mean, if you look at just -- we publish by quarter. But if you look the actual monthly activity in September and December, it's in awful lot of the business. And so, I think that just falls when it gets closed. And this doesn't always make sense, but if you look at the underwriting business, it's harder. The window is open. But it seems like the month after every quarter, business is slower. And so we just finished a very strong September, October, traditionally, would be slower. The same in December, it tends to be strong, and January seems to be slower. So it's harder to get insight. But if you look at the market, underwriting window is open, there's activity, but it's awfully hard to project that business just because it's up and down. And for us, too, there is a good flow of deals, but whether we're the lead or a co-manager makes a huge difference on how many deals during the year in terms of income. That spread is a lot bigger than it's ever been, traditionally. So it's just very, very hard to predict. I would say, the markets, if you ask me for a snapshot right now, look good, but they're certainly lumpy, and just any change in the market hits that business pretty hard. So we look at it as a very strong quarter, and then probably look at it as a -- a better-than-average quarter as a base.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And looking at the fixed income commissions for the institutional segment, obviously, we saw the contraction there, relative to last quarter. But can you talk about -- from a month-to-month standpoint, it seems like, obviously, it was a very volatile quarter from yield curve perspective, and that the bond market rallied in September. Did you notice any type of change in commissions from that business as we headed into the latter part of the quarter?
Paul Christopher Reilly: No, not really. I think commissions have been challenged where we really did well is because we're-- we weren't taking bets. So I think other people that were taking bets in the inventory, some dislocations happened. We kind of -- were in the market and profited from that. And so, really, the trading profits really drove the quarter. Commissions still stayed soft. And I think an awful lot of people -- we've benefited in the quarter from repositioning of books. I think if you look at the overall market commissions and what everybody else has reported, everyone is reporting, a lot of softness, and we're still seeing that softness. And again -- without a change in the yield curve or in absolute rates, I think it's going to stay soft. Having said that, they've done a great job of rightsizing the business. Our comp and almost of our fixed income business is very variable. So -- and the guys just actually did a great job, the salespeople on the desk, of not really taking risk in generating good trading profits. So -- but I can't tell you that I -- we see any surge in commissions right now. I wish we did, but I don't see it yet.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And just a question to -- at the bank, for Steve. Can you just provide us a little bit more insight into the dramatic drop that we saw in the criticized loans and kind of, what's fostering that? Should we be expecting to see charge-off reversals in future periods, or the trends there from an asset quality standpoint?
Steven M. Raney: Yes. We did have some pretty dramatic improvement in asset quality during the quarter, that was really related to about 9 or 10 loans that were sold, paid off or there are few upgrades as well. But most of it was just related to payoffs and the loan -- or a loan or 2 being sold. We'll continue to be proactively managing that number. Out of that number that was disclosed to you, out of the $356 million, about $250 million of that are commercial loans, with the balance being residential loans. Those tend to take a lot longer to resolve, that our criticized residential loans peaked at about $125 million. So we whittle that down by about $25 million over the last couple of years. There is still room for improvement, but we had pretty dramatic results in the September quarter. As a reminder, it tends to be lumpy. We could have a large loan that are criticized, or a couple of loans that are criticized in the quarter. They can influence that number upward also by $40 million or $50 million. But we have -- we've been on a nice trend for the last 2.5 to 3 years of improved credit metrics and enjoying that environment.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And then the last question would be just, if we take a look at some of the growth we saw, targeted in the CRE and securities-based lending portfolios, if you could just talk about what you're seeing there. And is that dispersed, at all, between strength in Canada versus the U.S., one or the other or both?
Steven M. Raney: Yes. A couple of comments. Yes, that was a little bit unique, in that we have lot of activity in the C&I, in our Commercial and Industrial loan portfolio, but it wound up remaining relatively flat. We continue to be predominantly focused on commercial lending versus commercial real estate on the corporate lending side of the business. We're going to continue to focus on that arena. There's a lot of activity in backlog, particularly in Canada. Right now, we've got quite a bit of new loans that we're working on in Canada, that will materialize over the next 90 days or so, and continued growth in our securities-based lending business. Each month, we've been adding the loan balances as that product has now been in place for about 18 months. So -- and our residential loan business continues to grow. We grew that business in the -- quarter-over-quarter as well. So activities, the levels are good. You did see some of the margin compressions that materialized, that resulted from loans going on in the prior few quarters. We do expect, as Paul alluded to, continued pressure on margins, although we have seen, the pace by which rates have been coming down has slowed somewhat. So...
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen: Paul, before you alluded to recruitment trends picking up, I was wondering if you could provide more color on that, maybe where -- whether you're seeing in legacy Morgan Keegan regions' opportunities or by the different FA buckets? If you could give us some more color, that would be great.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I think, first, the recruiting from both sides tends to be Weyerhaeuser brokers, specially set by a couple of them. As retention deal comes off and a lot of them are legacy acquisition firm people that are still seeking what they have before, and I think we are kind of the -- one of the last -- one of those Private Client Group firms that grew up with that regional feel, that have full service that are really around, so that's been the attraction. If you look at the independent channel, it wasn't as slow. They had in a better year, but it has picked up. We are seeing real increases in RJA activity, and that's both Morgan -- some at the Morgan Keegan branches and some are just other branches, we don't -- we kind of designate less. What I think you're seeing is a focus on re-recruiting people, when you go to the integration like that now to looking outside those people on platform, they're on the systems. They are productive again. They know how to use the systems. It's one thing to put them on, and we have almost a flawless conversion, but everything they did is new, and that takes a while than it used to. And I think, now they're focused more outside of growing the business and recruiting. So we've seen the significant pick-up on RJA side, the employee side, and I think a lot of that is both market improvement, in terms of people are looking again to come outside in, and our focus, being much more outside than it was before.
Christopher J. Allen: Got it. And then, just kind of following up on that a little bit. On the productivity side, you talked about the legacy Morgan Keegan advisers kind of closing the gap, and they utilize Raymond James' product. Any idea what inning you're in from that perspective?
Paul Christopher Reilly: We're a few innings in. And I think you're seeing good asset management flows as they get more in managed product to certainly help our Asset Management Group. The reason I think it's early -- so we're seeing good moves on that and the recurring revenue has been in good shape for the firm. But you're also getting that period where people are getting used to the system. And we do have summer seasonality in the business. If you look at the number, that shows an awful lot of our Chairman's Counsel, President Counsel, Leader Counsel trips, meetings. So we're getting through all that in season. I think we're back down the business. And so as I've said before, the productivity thing I thought was kind of 2-year project and we're -- they joined us in February, so we've made a lot of ground. We still have a lot more we can accomplish. And I think we will.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris: So a few questions around the margins and kind of the sustainability we may expect here. What's really interesting, when I look at the performance this quarter, is that capital market's revenues were actually down from last year, but you had 85% plus growth in pretax income. And I just want to make sure I'm catching all the variables here. But I mean, is that big drop in expenses primarily driven by comp and sales commissions? Or was there something else in the expenses in Cap Markets that kind of contributed to that phenomenon?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: There are 2 things. The biggest piece is the business mix. This quarter -- you're talking about this quarter versus last year's quarter?
Daniel F. Harris: Right. Yes, exactly.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Last year's -- this year's quarter, obviously, was heavily M&A-driven and trading profit-driven. And as Paul mentioned earlier, those are generally higher-margin segments of the business for us, the way it's structured. Then the commission revenues and fixed income, which were very large, are in almost $100 million in last year's September quarter and the investment banking revenues. So it has partly to do with business mix. And the second piece is, fixed income, as we've talked about has been on a -- an endeavor to rightsize their business. And then they were just one of the areas we got some additional synergies from the integration. And actually, beyond synergies, because of the business environment, actually, this year, as we've talked about in the last quarter, has been taking some steps to whittle down costs and support cost in that operation.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And they've done a good job. And I'd say it was through the Morgan Keegan integration. We're really through kind of rifts and changes. Anything we're doing are tweaks that we've made up. And we'll continue to tweak and try to become more efficient.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We had not really even begun that process in the fixed income side a year ago. And I think the early integration of those businesses really started on October 1, last -- of this past fiscal year, October 1 of 2012.
Christopher Harris: Okay, good. So it sounds like a couple of good things happening there. In PCG then, I'm just wondering if -- maybe -- follow my logic here, and see if this kind of makes sense. But -- so it seems like you guys are going to get some revenue uplift heading into Q4, assuming markets continue to stay robust as billings kind of catch up with asset growth. And if we're assuming like kind of a steady-state on noninterest expense, it just seems to me that you guys have so much momentum happening there that you're going to get well above your 9% margin hurdle in that segment, kind of next year, if those assumptions are correct. Is that kind of a good way to look at it? Or am I missing something there? Should we expect some cost inflation on the noninterest expense line -- or excuse me, non-comp expense line?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It can be, particularly if recruiting's active. That engenders a lot of costs -- not just the cost of the hiring transition assistance to the hired financial advisers, but there's a lot of recruiting costs involved in that. I don't think there'll be a big jump in non-comp expenses. If anything, we think IT maybe has leveled off, or could even decline a little bit from here, which is part of that segment, the way we categorize, it's IT and ops. Other than the part that serves Capital Markets, IT and ops is included in the Private Client Group segment. So they should continuously lift. And again, I think we're optimistic that we'd get to the margin, certainly, by the end of the year, if not for the whole year.
Christopher Harris: Yes, okay. And yes, it definitely seems like you guys can get there. All right, then, in asset management -- and you guys have called this out, and sorry if I didn't quite understand it fully. But the Comp catch-up you had -- or comp adjustment, excuse me, is that just kind of a one-time item that affected this quarter? Or should we expect kind of a higher level of margin at the segment going forward?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I think the 30% target is still a good target for that business. This quarter was aided by an unusual adjustment.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It wasn't even that big a number. It just it as a big impact on the margin and that $1 million -- so it drives -- $1 million drive the margin a lot for a quarter. So I would call that a nonrecurring, And even in the annual comp adjustment, it was just -- it was an unusual item based on a number of things. So I would shoot toward the 30%. But I think we'll continue that good growth. We've had a good growth there. So, again, I wish all of our businesses were at 30% margins, my job would be a lot easier.
Christopher Harris: Yes. It looks to us that the organic growth looks really, really strong in that segment. All right, last question, then, for me. Just specifically on the bank, any update on what you guys think NIM might shake out for fiscal '14?
Steven M. Raney: Chris, once again, continued pressure and there's a lot of variability, a lot of market factors that will contribute to that. Once again, I think that the rate by which we've seen the decline in net interest margins is slowing somewhat. But I would say that 20 to 25 basis point compression for fiscal '14 over fiscal '13 is kind of a good number to be using at this point.
Operator: That was our final question. I will now turn it back to the presenters for closing remarks.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Well, great guys. I appreciate you being on the call, and you adjusted the numbers,we were trying to communicate as clearly we can. The book is bigger, but it seems like you picked up most of it on your own. But I'm hopefully applied -- supplied more clarity on the call. So we're back to work, and we'll talk to you soon.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-07-26 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jodie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Raymond James quarterly analyst call. [Operator Instructions] To the extent that Raymond James makes forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory proceedings and any other similar matters, a variety of factors, many of which are beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and these experiences to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is available on raymondjames.com and sec.gov. In addition to these factors, in connection with the Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance: difficulty integrating Raymond James' and Morgan Keegan's businesses or realizing the projected benefits of the transaction; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in the capital markets; and diversion of management time on integration-related issues. To the extent Raymond James discusses non-GAAP results, a reconciliation to GAAP is available on raymondjames.com in the earnings release issued yesterday. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Paul Reilly, Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Thanks, Jodie, and good morning, everyone. And now that you know we can't foresee the future by the disclaimer, I'd like to kind of get into the numbers in the quarter. First, I want to kind of give a big picture. We're very pleased to where we stand today in terms of our market position and what we've accomplished over this last year in the Morgan Keegan integration, and we've had a very successful integration, retention, number's been very good. We've just come off our conferences for our Private Client Group. Both our employee and independent groups, and I'd say the mood is very, very good. They're very happy with the firm and where we stand, our technology, as we continue to roll it out. And I believe we're well positioned in all of our segments. Certainly, our -- despite market headwinds, our fixed income business is really a premier business now. All of our segments, I think, are showing good growth. And if we look over the 9 months, for the first 9 months of this year versus 9 months of last year, we're up 23% in net revenue, 10% -- 17% in net income and 10% in GAAP and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. 20% in GAAP -- I'm sorry -- and -- we had 10%, I'm sorry, in our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share due to number of shares issued. So if you look at the overall performance over the last year and where we stand, I feel very, very good about it. And I also recognize, and I'm looking at the numbers, there's a lot of noise still coming through the Morgan Keegan integration, both in our cost lines as we finish up with the integration as we continued over this quarter to kind of size our business from that integration and also through numbers moving through different classifications of how Morgan Keegan kind of accounted for things and how Raymond James does. So hopefully, we can move through each of those, but today, give you some more visibility. And I think we had a decent quarter in most all of our segments, except hopefully, which was an anomalous fixed income trading loss, which I'll cover a little bit. But I think if we go segment by segment, I think the performance is pretty good. If you look at overall for the quarter, our revenues were $1.1 billion. We're up 2% over a year ago, and it -- we're down 3% from last quarter. But again, you have to remember the Albion transaction, that if you took that out, which was kind of a one-time event, we were up 2% to 3% really in revenue and even taking the Albion -- leaving the Albion transaction where it was 5% in our earnings. So I think we've had -- we had a reasonable quarter there. And if we go through segment by segment, we can give you a little color. On the assets under administration, you noticed there was $1 billion kind of drop, given the Dow probably looks a little unusual. But there are 2 factors that impacted that: One is the Canadian currency revaluation from 99 to 96 had a $1 billion-ish kind of impact, and also some of the fixed income valuations, given the interest rate changes in the markets had an impact on that number. I think what probably is more in line and more of an indicator of our business going forward, if you look like Assets Under Management was up to a record $52 billion. And more importantly, if you look at the Private Client Group billable accounts going into the quarter, they're really up about 3.5%, composed of a couple of elements. One, a 2% increase on the Assets Under Management, an extra billing day coming in to this quarter. And actually, if you look at billings of movement from fixed income into equities, that's going to increase that billing base. Also if you look at the revenue in the Private Client Group, there are some changes and kind of, from the Morgan Keegan numbers, we're up 2% for the quarter. But in Morgan Keegan, they really did not have a fixed income segment. And some of the income in Private -- in Asset Management Segment, I'm sorry. And what we call Asset Management at Raymond James was really reported in Private Client Group. That impact of what we pulled out of Private Client Group and moved to Asset Management in our reporting was about $10 million a year or $2.5 million for the quarter. So the Private Client Group number, on an apples-to-apples basis, had we not gone through the reclass, it would have been a little higher and the Asset Management growth really a little lower. But I think that both numbers are continuing to grow, and we still have very, very good results for Asset Management. Sticking with the Private Client Group. We also expect the margins to continue improve in Private Client Group. We'll go through some of the comp ratio kind of adjustments -- Jeff will a little bit later in the quarter. And our technology expenses continue to be raised as we finish off projects this quarter and this next quarter in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year that, I would say, that got deferred because we were working on the integration as we finish them up. And we expect that technology expense to decline over the next couple of quarters and get back into a run rate, which we had planned to go on before the integration. Asset Management continued to perform well, both from the market revaluations and good net inflows, both from outside and from Morgan Keegan advisers who continue to move $160 million, $180 million of assets a month into our Asset Management system and again, a good sign that the integration has been going very well. The Capital Markets is probably the one that probably has disappointed some people, but it's really a kind of a 2-end tail. Our Equity Capital Markets had a good quarter, coming off a weak quarter, but both improvement in underwritings and M&A transactions. And we, right now, would expect, although it's always hard to predict the Capital Markets going forward, is to keep at those levels in Equity Capital Markets over the next quarters if we had to guess. Backlog is good. Who knows what happens to the market every quarter there? August tends to be a seasonal month in that business and September a positive month. But if you -- if we look going forward, we think the performance in Equity Capital Markets should continue. The big surprise was fixed income, and it was a surprise although we had warned that trading profits were down. If we look at really the month of June, we had some almost record movements in the municipal market. If you look at the MMD rates, the 10- and 30-year had the second highest 1-week movement since -- second only, and almost the same as October of 2008. Despite our inventories being down because of concern of the market, we hit a trading loss, and we typically don't have many trading losses and hopefully, it won't. This month is moving -- has moved back to the positive, but I think we had that unusual event in a very highly volatile and unusual month. Not that we continue to believe that rates over the medium to long-term are going to continue to rise and are managing for that. But we had expect the fixed income business to return to kind of the March quarter, not the quarter of -- when we acquired Morgan Keegan, the fixed income market remains challenged versus when we acquired Morgan Keegan. But certainly, we believe this month and the volatility was unusual. Also the comp ratio was driven partially by a much higher comp ratio in fixed income. Trading profits disproportionately help us in terms of the bottom line and fixed income and, when they're negative, disproportionately cost us to the bottom line. Also that is one business with the acquisition that between the RSUs and a number of guarantees that run through April in our 2-year deal with the acquisition as revenue go down, it has a leverage affect that raised the comp ratio. So that did have an impact to the overall comp ratio in the business. RJ Bank. The good news is despite our warnings and that we thought it would be difficult to grow loan, we grew loan. And I think we've had good momentum on loan growth, which is good news for future earnings. With that comes a lot of things. But first, when you grow loans, the month you grow them and you get a charge for the reserve, so you see some impact on that as we grew loans late in the quarter. We also had a lot of things going on in the quarter in the bank, and we'll give Steve a chance to address them. We had the SNC exam, which we talked about in the release. We had a lot of payoff of credit. So when a credit pays off, a loan pays off, you release the reserve and you could see the impact of those -- the payoffs and some upgrades that have -- that gave us a credit this year. The challenge also is spreads have come in on loans. But as the loan balances have grown, we feel pretty good for the quarter. There's also a lot of items that have impacted the bank this quarter. Again, the rise in rates in June impacted our SBA loans. We had about a $2.7 million mark that we think will mostly reverse. We had, from our Canadian loans, again the movement, although we hedge a lot of our loans in our finance company in Canada. The ones that are written in the bank are unhedged, and that was about a $2 million translation mark there. So a lot of numbers, again, moving in the bank. But I think, overall, the bank has performed very, very well. So with that, that's kind of the overview. I'll have Jeff give you some of the details. We'll have Steve address with some of the bank, then we really want to -- I know you'll have a lot of questions this quarter. So Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Thank you, Paul. Let me go -- kind of go back to the beginning and just kind of fill in a little bit some things that I had made notes of it that Paul mentioned most of them. But in PCG, there are a couple of things that you can't really tell very easily in there. I mean, average gross headcount was up just a little bit in terms of FAs, but average gross actually made a little bit of progress in all of our units, which is encouraging. We do disclose margin balances in the release. One thing that's not evident when you look at that is that we have a -- kind of a companion-type product in security-based loans in our bank, which has hit an all-time high of $500 million, about $200 million of which were acquired from Regions as part of the Morgan Keegan transaction. So there's actually been $300 million of growth in that product line as well, which is again, sort of a similar product to margin but for different purposes, not for trading purposes. We do look at overall asset mix. As Paul noted in Asset Management, there was a slight shift to equities and -- as there was in our total client base. Nothing very meaningful, but a slight shift, and it may be people investing some more in equities. It may also be somewhat the devaluation of all things fixed income-related, such as REIT preferreds and other things that took a devaluation in the quarter with the interest rate jump. So lastly, when you look at pre-tax income in Private Client Group making a $4 million improvement over the preceding quarter, there are really 4 things that impacted that. There was obviously an increase in commissions and the margin earned on those. There was still this elevated IT effort which sort of offset that, which we expect to moderate going forward from here. The other, there was a couple million dollar benefit in administrative expense. If you remember, we had a fairly significant rift [ph] in early April in technology and that was, in our system of accounting, the technology and ops all roll into the Private Client Group segment. So that was evident there, and then there was about a couple million dollar increase in fees from mutual funds, really based on increased asset values as we get the asset-based fees from the various fund groups. That was sort of the story in Private Client Group. I think Paul talked pretty -- in pretty much detail about Capital Markets. The only thing I would add is that there's a third player in that segment that actually had a pretty good quarter, which is our Tax Credit Funds operation, which you can see more detail on when you get our Q. But they actually had a very good quarter, relative to last quarter. Our pretax is up several million dollars from the preceding quarter. So that also aided Capital Market's margin for the quarter. I'll let -- I have some bank notes, but I'll let Steve talk about that in just a second. A couple of overall comments. The tax rate was a little lower than the previous quarter. We were recognized some tax credits this quarter that we didn't think we were going to get, because we're -- it's a program we thought we were shut out of because it was oversubscribed. But turned out, they had room for us. It's a Florida school credit program. So we ended up -- did get in that program, and that's in the -- so we had to recognize that in the quarter. The other thing we had in the quarter, to a greater degree than usual, the dividend received deduction is we had some big dividends from the private equity investments, particularly Albion in the prior quarter. A new item this quarter in the release, you can see we added the -- a couple of the holding company capital ratios. They're still preliminary in terms of the holding company. We think they'll be very close or we wouldn't have put them in there. It was just to give you a feel for what the overall capital strength of the company is, and we'll be doing that going forward. The comp ratio, I'd say partly largely, because of the fixed income dynamics where we have a lot of fixed comp, not enough related to variability, particularly even in the management ranks and the retention [ph] ranks and some of the high producers, et cetera, where we have guaranteed deals for -- as part of the acquisition, are causing a very disproportionate comp ratio there for the current period. So we really didn't make any progress. Even when you adjust for the private equity revenues last quarter, we really didn't make much progress. I'm frequently asked, "What is really the longer-term targets here?" And when we look at what we would call a normalized-type environment, without interest rates, just in this environment in terms of rightsizing all the businesses, et cetera, which we're substantially through now, we still have a little bit more to go. I'll talk about that in a second. We're just in the process now of putting together our -- starting to put together our 2014 budgets. But when we look at the target margins per business like we talked about at Analyst Day recently, and we roll them all together and look at the comp ratios in each of those businesses when they achieve those targets, et cetera. If you look at it overall, we still do think there's a 15% pretax margin on a total-firm basis achievable which, by math, equates to about a 12% ROE in this environment without the interest rate help. And if you look at the comp ratio in that environment, it's about 66.5%. So those, I guess, we would call those our targets for next year. Obviously, there's a lot of market assumptions and other things that would come into play to achieve all of that, but that's kind of still our 2014 targets. With respect to the integration synergies, we actually now achieved, not only all, but even a little more than all than we thought we would. The problem isn't the lack of recognizing synergies, it's that, right now, for this quarter at least, one of the core underlying businesses we purchased just hasn't been performing, given the market environment in fixed income. So that's really been the issue there. We still have a little bit more synergy to come, some real estate consolidations and things like that, but we're substantially through that process. We probably still will have a little bit more in terms of one-time charges here in the September quarter. We had a little bit more of that in the June quarter than we thought we would because we got a little more aggressive, particularly in the Capital Markets areas than we had originally planned, given the environment. So that number, where I said probably would be $5 million to $10 million in the June quarter, actually ended up being $13 million in the June quarter. And now I'll say, again, it will probably be a couple of million dollars in the September quarter as well. So with that, let me let Steve talk briefly about the bank and I'm going to leave time for questions.
Steven M. Raney: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everybody. Just to elaborate a little bit on some of the comments that Paul and Jeff have already provided, we were able to grow loans, not only in the quarter across all categories. Our securities-based lending business, as Paul mentioned and Jeff mentioned, has grown to over $500 million now. Our corporate lending business grew, as of June, compared to March, by $68 million. Our mortgage -- residential mortgage business grew, and our SBA loans grew also. The provision expense associated with that loan growth was relatively nominal because some of these categories are very low-risk -- low-risk items that don't require a lot of reserves. We talked a little bit about the margin. We had an 8-basis-point compression in margin in the June quarter. We've seen that trend continue. But it is -- the margin compression is starting to slow a little bit, relative to the prior few quarters. We do expect continued pressure on margins, but we are starting to see some of that subside in some of our businesses. A little bit more information on our provision expense, as Paul mentioned, and you see -- saw in the release, we had about a $2 million credit for the quarter. And despite the impact of the Shared National Credit exam, there were 9 loans that were downgraded as part of the exam and 2 loans that were upgraded as part of the exam. Then that impact of that was a $5.6 million provision expense. Despite that and the nominal loan growth that I just mentioned, we had some significant loans that had large reserves against them that we had a part payoff of a loan that was on nonaccrual that had a lot of reserves against it. We also had another loan that was upgraded to accrual status in the quarter, that had a lot of reserves against it as well. So the net effect of some loans that had a lot of reserves against them, we had some improvements, both payoffs and upgrades. So netting all that out led to the $2 million credit in provision expense for the quarter. Paul mentioned some of the larger figures in our Other Income number for the quarter. This is the first time, at least in recent history, that our Other Income was actually a negative number. But Paul kind of elaborated on some of that already, the foreign exchange for currency and the mark on the SBA loans that were impacted by the rise in rates.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I'll just add one more thing here before we open it up and that's in the Proprietary Capital section. It was still a -- once again, it was a pretty significant contributor to the results. This June quarter, every year, is the quarter we get audited results on all of the external investments that we're in, as well as some of the ones that we sponsor. And when we -- there were a whole host of relatively small $1 million to $2 million-type marks. Some of which, we don't own 100% of, of course, which is why you see the increase in noncontrolling interest related to that. But this was a very active quarter. Didn't match the Albion results of last quarter, but it was certainly still a significant contributor, again, to the results, including some of the private equity holdings that we acquired in the Morgan Keegan transaction, which came to resolution. So we were happy to have that little added bonus for the quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And one last comment, I'll open for questions. The other thing you need to recognize is we continue to still operate pretty heavy operational support through the integration that our headcount pre-Morgan Keegan acquisition, for Raymond James and Morgan Keegan is actually higher than when we -- where we were when we both started. And we're going to keep that support levels elevated as our new advisers are getting used to new systems. Our support staff from Morgan Keegan are very good in understanding securities transactions. Our systems are also new to them, and there's a learning curve. And through that learning curve, we'll keep support levels high. Again, our focus has been on retention. And over time, we'll be able to address that. But that has been also an area that will keep -- that has kept some of our costs elevated through this year.
Unknown Executive: And that's a much more involved process, I think, than people realize. It's not just looking up client accounts on your PC. I mean, it has a lot to do with a lot of financial planning software and a lot of other instruments and programs that we have here at the firm that -- there's a lot longer learning curve than just account inquiry.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And so, I think as our hope and, I think, as our early results have shown is that those advisers are moving assets to our Asset Management platform. As they learn our software, we believe it will help productivity climb. But again, that's not overnight as we said during the acquisition -- pre-acquisition. That's a 1- to 2-year kind of time frame. We're pleased with the results, and we have more to go, and we're focused on it. So with that, we'll go ahead and open up to questions. Jodie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Hugh Miller from Sidoti.
Hugh M. Miller: I guess I start with a couple of questions for Steve at the commercial bank. Obviously, it seems like there was a little bit of a change with the loan portfolio growth in the quarter. I think in the press release, you guys still mentioned that competition is intense. So we've been hearing from several commercial banks that a lot of that cut-throat loan pricing competition has kind of subsided towards the latter part of the quarter with a shift in the yield curve. Can you just give us a sense of what you're seeing there in your outlook for -- now going forward for the potential for growth in the loan portfolio?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, Hugh, that's a good point. I would say in early May, when rates started ticking up, that really led to some of the institutional investors with other options, and we saw some improvement in the loan market. We've actually seen some pushback from the banks against companies on some of the repricings that are going on. Some of that's still going on, on the better credits. But once again, as I mentioned, we're seeing that trend at least subside for the most part at this point. It's still a lot of competition, a lot of money chasing too few deals. But I would say that we have seen some improvement over the last 2 to 3 months in that regard.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. I mean, and is your outlook now for the potential for continued growth -- I mean, it looks like, just in the month of June, the portfolio expanded by 3%. Are you guys anticipating that you'll continue to see some measure of growth in the loan portfolio?
Steven M. Raney: I think so. I think it will be nominal though. Yes, we're growing asset to kind of in all categories. Our mortgage business, it's gotten to be quite a bit bigger or it's being impacted. Our pipeline over the last 60 days, with the rates ticking up, is a little bit lower. We've seen a big shift to purchase market versus refinances, obviously, given the -- more confidence in the marketplace in the real estate market. And most folks that have refinanced have already done so or that could refinance have done so. On the corporate side, obviously, that's a bigger business. We're now a little over $6.5 billion in loan outstandings. That, that's obviously our biggest business. Continued challenges, but I do think we can nominally grow over the next few quarters, given the current market conditions.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And is there a...
Paul Christopher Reilly: I'm sorry. That may come at the -- I think there will still be pressure on the margin that we probably will -- we've been guiding people down to the 325-, 330-type level. We obviously aren't there yet and -- but the older ones that are refinancing or paying off or maturing. Even with this backup in pricing that we've seen lately, we're still not back to the levels that...
Unknown Executive: No, not at all.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Of the current portfolio. So we're still going to see some compression, I think, in the net interest margin. But hopefully, some loan growth, so we can keep net interest earnings about flat.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay, interesting commentary there. And yes, can you also then, on the credit side -- I know that you took the provision reversal, but can you talk about the uptick that we saw in the criticized loans quarter-over-quarter? Was that just all from those, and I guess those 9 loans that you mentioned from the SNC exam that were downgraded or what's the...
Steven M. Raney: Not exclusively, but that was the vast majority to -- once again, the criticized loans also include even more harshly rated loans, loans that are, by regulatory definition, classified in worse. Those have even higher reserves. We actually had a reduction in our worse-rated or higher-rated credits for the quarter, which contributed significantly to the credit for the quarter in the provision expense line. So -- but the bulk of that increase in criticized loans was attributable to the downgrade, to the Shared National Credit exam.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And then, I guess, in the retail segment, it seems like we finally had a month of year-over-year growth in equity trading volumes. And I was wondering -- I know you guys, obviously, have a large exposure to fee-based businesses, but for some of the transactional-based PCG accounts, did you guys see any improvement in the month of June for commission levels there?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I wouldn't say noticeable. I wouldn't say it was noticeable for the month, but we typically aren't the leading indicator on those so...
Hugh M. Miller: Sure, sure. And I understand that. And then last question for me was, in the Investor Day, you guys kind of commented, I believe, that with the period of low volatility that we were in was kind of weighing on some of the negative convexity products that you have within the fixed income Capital Markets Group and that a shift in rates could be a benefit for that segment. How is that kind of playing out now with what we're seeing, at least in your expectations there?
Steven M. Raney: Yes. I think that the uncertainty, we don't expect any short-term pickup in the fixed income business. But we think that -- and hopefully, the trading profit thing was unusual. But in terms of commission levels, I don't -- we don't expect a short-term improvement. Our -- we -- a big part of our fixed income franchise is the financial institution franchise, and we don't see a big uplift in the short term yet.
Unknown Executive: But longer term, though, I think that the steepening of the yield curve will definitely help the commission business in fixed income when people are -- believe rates are where they're going to be for the time being and willing to put some ladders in place and other things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So I appreciate your extra color on, I guess, the expenses and it sounds like you guys continue to run with still fairly elevated level of support. I understand it might be difficult, but any way to size this for us, and I know you said that it's still going to be probably a few quarters until you start to phase some of that support level out. But I think it'd just be helpful to understand the magnitude of the drag [ph] this to still create [ph] on the earning stream?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Well, I think, the technology is certainly running much higher. I think you'll see an improvement in that over the next few quarters. In terms of the operational support, it will remain elevated for a period of time yet. And what will be the indicator for us is just call volume in the call centers. As long as people have issues and are learning the systems, we'll continue to stay elevated. And as that comes down, and we're also going through a number of technology projects to streamline our interfaces between the branch and home office. As those come online, I think we'll be able to get those more in line. But I think those will stay higher through this coming year on the operational support side, where I think you'll see the technology cost come down some in the next quarter -- next couple of quarters.
Alexander Blostein: Okay, that's helpful. And then when we look at the PCG business, and with the Morgan Keegan transaction, obviously, things have moved around a little bit for you guys relative to the sensitivity you get to the equity market versus fixed income market. So going forward, as you think about the growth in the business, can you help us understand, I guess, how sensitive the revenue stream there is to potential further declines in the fixed income markets. I know you've, in the past, provided kind of ballpark numbers of how much of the revenue stream there is fee-based versus more transaction-based. But any way to tease that out to get a sense, specifically, for the fixed income performance?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That's kind of a hard one because they move in different ways. I mean movements from fixed income into equities helps our PCG business if there's good equity markets. And I think, actually, the interest rate and the yield curve and rates are actually going to impact our fixed income business itself. So it depends where they move and how and actually how volatile they are. So it's kind of hard. If you look at our overall business, about 45% of it is now exposed to the equity markets and the rest are exposed to other interest rate or trading or the bank. And -- but they move in different pieces. Obviously, the big one is short-term interest rates for us, which haven't moved. The longer-term rates moving up as long as they're not too volatile are positive, I think for some of our other businesses. But if they're lumpy, we have exposure in the fixed income side.
Steven M. Raney: And that's a point we're trying to make to people. People say, "Well, look at these results," and say, "Why aren't you doing better? It's been a great margin." Well, it's been a good Dow, but it's not been obviously a good fixed income market. It's not been a very good bank lending market. It's been a very competitive bank lending market. So the equity market isn't the only arena we play in, and we used to be much more exposed and correlated to the equity markets than we are now. We're much more diversified. So we're really -- one of our 3 major markets has performed well this past couple of quarters only.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. And then the last one for me, Steve, maybe you can comment a little more on the securities-based lending. It sounds like it could be a pretty substantial opportunity for you guys. Any way we could try to measure that, the loans, relative to the client asset base? Because it does seem like the loan growth dynamic remains challenging for the market. This is a little bit of a -- sort of interesting dramatic [ph] lever you could pull and then maybe you can comment on the yields you're guys getting on those loans.
Steven M. Raney: Yes. Alex, it is a growth initiative for us. This is very much of a joint effort with the bank and Private Client Group, not only to grow loans, but it's a way to help grow assets as well as we're transitioning Financial Advisers from other institutions. Almost all of them have a clients that have loans in other institutions, and we transition them over. Big focus for us is to continue the marketing and support of that business. We are adding something in the neighborhood of $25 million to $30 million a month in loan outstandings from that team. And the margin right now in that business is right at 300 basis points. So it actually is a kind of a negative, relative to our overall margin. But it's a very low-risk business, which we've got a nice system and technology and process in place to make sure that the collateral monitoring relative to the loan position is intact. So want to see that continue to grow, and we want to grow margin balances as well so...
Paul Christopher Reilly: The big issue on the SBL loans is that the assets that come over with the loans are multiples of the loan amount. So it's kind of a strategic initiative for us, as well as a low -- we think a low-risk lending because of the security -- securitization of the loans.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey from KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Jeff, I apologize for missing it. But could you repeat the sort of outlook you gave for the 2014 pretax margins and as well as the comp ratio?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. It's the same ones that we presented at Analyst Day by business: 9% at Private Client Group, 15% Capital Markets, 30% in Asset Management and the bank with a net interest, it's really more of a net interest margin than it is pretax margin at the bank. That's relevant, but when you roll those businesses together, if that's what our 2014 budget shows, which we haven't put together yet, that would equate to something about a 15% consolidated pretax margin for the company, which equates to about a 12% ROE and encompassed in that if, again, all the forecasts prove to be correct, this is where the forward-looking disclaimer comes into play. The comp ratio would be something around 66.5%.
Steven M. Raney: And I think, as Jeff talked about targets, I think those are things that will -- we're shooting for and transitioning to. It doesn't happen on October 1, so they don't move that quickly.
Joel Jeffrey: All right, great. And then in terms of -- you made some comments, I guess, that the trading losses sort of have started to reverse themselves and can kind of go back to the March quarter. But -- I mean, what are sort of the prospects and potentially the timing for these profits to return to sort of the levels we saw post the Morgan Keegan deal?
Steven M. Raney: Well, with interest rate cycles, that could be a while. When we were making $5 million to $6 million a month, I think, at the Morgan Keegan time of the acquisition of the fixed income group and enjoyed for a couple of quarters we're seeing pre this quarter, about half of that level. And in the commission levels, just because the market commission level is down 20%. And I think that, that's the return until there's some big movement in the market, either in trading activity, which will drive the commissions, which I think it's going to be some change in the yield curve or movements in rate or volatility. You're not going to see -- that's why I'm saying short term. If you look for the next quarter, I would expect it to move back. You're going to have to see some fundamental changes in the market for that activity to go up, which would mean rates are starting to move and volatility is starting to -- directional volatility -- volatility, but in a direction over time. I think it's when you see that business pick back up. So I would say, for the short term, we don't expect that. Longer term, as rates move, I think that business will start getting more active.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then just -- I mean, lastly, for me. In terms of the bank, I appreciate the comments that you're starting to see some slowing of margin compression and you're starting to see some loan growth. But I think, prior to that, you had sort of mentioned that you felt you guys could offset any kind sort of flat growth in the bank with improved credit quality. Is there any prospect that we can see, barring some kind of significant increase in the loans -- the size of the loan portfolio, that the bank earnings could pick up in the near term?
Paul Christopher Reilly: There's no big macro thing that would say you're going to see a big pickup. I mean, the -- what we said before is that we had capacity that we would look at better credits -- at better credits of lower margins. So -- but we wouldn't go down. We wouldn't go after higher yields, lesser credit loans. And that's still our strategy. So I don't see any impetus to say that there's something that -- between loan growth, there's spreads reversing in the short term that would show any growth in the short term.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That's a business that doesn't really have a lot of room for positive -- big positive surprises. A negative provision expense is about as exciting as it's going to get. You may get some currency blip here and there, but then again, we don't have that much in Canadian loans outstanding anymore on the bank's books. So there's not a lot of room for surprises other than in the credit area, which hopefully, we can continue to control well.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Or if they move the capital ratios way up on the big banks [ph], we might have a bigger opportunity. So -- but I think, short term, we're kind of -- we don't see a lot of opportunity there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Allen from Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen: In the release, you mentioned a headcount reduction in Capital Markets through the end of June. I wonder if you could provide some color on that in terms of what areas that was in and just the magnitude of the severance charge related to that?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I don't want to really talk too much about headcount there, but it was both in fixed income and Equity Capital Markets, where we've looked at reducing both because of the integration. During the integration, we ran heavy, hoping the market would allow us to retain more people. And I think in both those businesses that the market wasn't significantly better than when we acquired the firm. So we've just been more aggressive on getting those reductions in. So I don't know...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But all in Capital Markets at the end of June.
Christopher J. Allen: Got it, got it, got it. And then, earlier you talked about maintaining extra levels of support until the improvement in terms of the calls into the tech center and things like that from your FAs. I mean, have you seen progress on that front since the integration was closed? Can you give us kind of -- an update there in terms of how it's progressed, maybe on a monthly basis, broadly speaking? And given the current pace, what the time frame you're looking at?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. I would say, first, it's been very good. The first was the conversion, which scared us to death. I mean, and it would scare anyone to death, even if you think it's going well. But the day after the conversion, everything was -- every account was in balance, which amazed us. Call centers were very elevated, even though we had people in the branches at that point, we don't now, actually helping them. Those call volumes came down in a matter of days, which we were actually surprised. And for a lot of those were basic, "How do I open this? How do I do that?" We're into more of the sophisticated using is, "How do I do this planning thing? And how do I get this -- how do I generate this kind of report? How do I -- I've got this issue and kind of account, who do I talk to?" People that have been here, know all of that, and they know who to go to and talk to. The people who are new at Morgan Keegan, the people they used to call in Memphis are -- the systems are new to them, too. So if the questions are fairly complex, they need to get help. That is working its way through, but it's going to take some time. So we'll have some nominal cost reductions even in this quarter as we've looked at kind of some structural changes in the operational support. But my guess is that's going to stay elevated through the first half of next year, as we just want to make sure the support levels are there. And we're just -- we're going to be slow to reduce support unless those levels are down and -- the questions that we get now are pretty sophisticated, and we just got to get people used to the systems and get our new support people, who are very good, used to our systems, too.
Christopher J. Allen: Got it. And then just one question on the P&L. The Other Expense line, and I'm not sure if you mentioned this. But last quarter, it had, I think, it was a $7 million goodwill impairment. It still remained fairly elevated this quarter. I'm just wondering, although down a little bit sequentially, is there any impairments or anything like that, that's keeping that up right now?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: This year was predominantly legal. We had some legal -- favorable legal activity settlements, et cetera, last quarter on client matters. This quarter, we've had some additional provisions. And just like in the bank, we try to get ahead of those pretty much in terms of reserving for cases when complaints are filed and actual arbitrations are filed. So that had to do with predominantly legal activity.
Paul Christopher Reilly: But the magnitude of it was more of a credit last quarter. And an addition this quarter, not any massive additions to reserves. You're just seeing the swing was big.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin from Susquehanna.
Douglas Sipkin: Just wanted to follow up with a couple of things. First off, I know -- I don't know if you guys touched on it. But any sort of improving signs in the advisory market, the M&A market? I know that's become a little bit of a bigger piece of the Capital Markets framework for you guys. I know it's been slow post the end of last year. So any update there?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, I'd say it's improving, that there are 2 factors to that. Certainly, as we've all talked about in the industry, the acceleration in December kind of filled backlog and March was -- the March quarter was slow by everyone's standard. I think that we're seeing improving activity, and I think you're seeing that in competitors' reports, too, that backlog looks good. There seems to be more interest. I think most of us were surprised there wasn't more M&A activity and actually, given rates and given market outlooks and growth initiatives. So as we look at -- as we kind of look forward to the next quarter, we think that the activity we received this quarter we should continue. Again, it gets lumpy. But I think it's -- I think the longer-term outlook should be positive for M&A.
Douglas Sipkin: Great, and then just a follow-up and without putting words in your guys' mouth, at least from my vantage point, it sort of seems like we're trying to find some synergies and costs, and it continues to sort of be a grinding effort. And I'm thinking maybe this has to do with the fact that maybe just fixed income has gotten so much tougher for you guys, given what's gone on and given the exposure Morgan Keegan has. I mean, is it fair to assume that if fixed income sort of stays at this level, the ability for you guys to realize significant synergies, this probably needs to be tapered a little bit? Or is it really more of just sort of grinding along with the extra support and things of that magnitude? Because I know we're still sort of trying to wait and figure out when to expect to see some more synergies show up? But obviously, [indiscernible] the fixed income [indiscernible] has changed a bit for you guys in the last quarter.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Let me separate the pieces. The first I want to start is, we are very pleased with the fixed income business and the people we have in the integration of the 2 pieces. It's a very, very good business. Now having said that, the market's tough, right? So it's kind of hard to beat the market. And certainly, I think this quarter was the result [ph] of a tough market and hopefully, again, you never -- you're in the business of risk management here so you have to stay on top of it. But trading losses, hopefully, are unusual for us. So I think you'll see some bounce-back on that piece. But it's still going to be a tough market. So given when we did the acquisition, that segment of the market will be down. If you look at overall synergies, whether it's between fixed income and Capital Markets or PCG, these synergies that we've recognized in PCG, we've actually taken more costs out than we had told you guys kind of pre-acquisition or at the announcement time. And we're very pleased with the synergies in terms of Private Client Group and Asset Management, the integration of the businesses. And those are -- the productivity gains, we think we get in Private Client Group. But those take time. They're not a light switch. They're -- it's more of a dial. You have to get people onboard, understanding, working together, trusting. And I think we'll continue to make those kind of gains. But that's separate from the fixed income market, just as we had a bad equity market. We could be operating perfectly, and everybody could be working together and it could be synergistic, but it's hard to beat the market. So I think you got to separate the synergies, the integration which, I think, has gone exceptionally well and we'll continue to make progress on; and the performance of fixed income markets, which are just hard right now.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But to your point, if you step back and look at it, I mean, from acquisition to now, I'd say Private Client Group has actually outperformed our expectations somewhat, not dramatically, but slightly. But fixed income has significantly underperformed our model that we based the acquisition on. And unless conditions do improve in the fixed income market, then it will be difficult for us to show any significant accretion from the acquisition for sure.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. And you have to look at -- and, again, I'd like -- if you look at the initial run rate, and this is from people, because we've had the retention, you would say fixed income was outperforming. When the market turned down, it's been underperforming, and it's going to underperform until market conditions improve. But the people we've got and the franchise we've got and the systems we've got, we're very pleased with. We just wish the market conditions were a little better.
Douglas Sipkin: Great. So when we think about that, I mean, what sort of -- I mean, what are you guys looking for to see a stabilization in the market? I mean, do we need a stabilization in interest rates? Obviously, they moved some. I can't imagine with the news around Detroit, does that, that much great things for munis in general. I'm just trying to think what type of environment is more suitable? I mean, do we need just the really low-rate environment or what?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: No, I think, actually, a rising rate environment that's predictable, and people believe there's a predictable direction would be very good for that business.
Paul Christopher Reilly: But that's not credit driven.
Steven M. Raney: Yes.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And so I think that -- I think an upwardly rising, predictable rate, with people thinking it's going to move, will cause people, both in the public finance business to go ahead and issue, where they're holding right now and looking at spreads of treasuries versus tax frees and not knowing where they're going, causes people to pause. Once there's some -- once there's a direction, people will know how to invest and will issue. And I think right now, it's just unpredictable and people are waiting. Knowing rates are going to go up, they're not going to -- at some point, aren't going to make bets until they feel like they have a vision or can see where things are headed.
Steven M. Raney: The business isn't off. It's just slower.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: I dialed in late, so I apologize if this has already been asked. Would -- just one question really for me. Just wondering if you guys would ever consider doing stock buybacks or whether you feel like you've got the capital there to be able to do something like that?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. As I tell people, first, at these prices, we don't think it's a good investment. We hope to be able to utilize our capital, and I always say people that are betting on a balance sheet restructuring for us for accretion [indiscernible], we're probably not a good bet. We're conservative. We like a lot of capital. And again, at today's prices, we don't think that's a good use of capital.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of William Katz from Citi.
Neil Stratton: This is actually Neil, filling in for Bill this morning. I just wanted to come back one more time to the comp ratio. I know you went into some detail. The 66.5% that you mentioned, would you see that as achievable over the full year? Or would you see that more back-end loaded?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think that -- I hope -- I think we would hope to be there by the end of '14, as a run rate, but that's what would be embedded in our -- if we achieve all those targets that I mentioned earlier. I mean, that's a pretty big change from where we are and that's a pretty big number. And it encompasses revenue growth, not just expense reduction. So it would definitely take a little period of time to get there.
Neil Stratton: Got it. And then one last one for me. On the Capital Markets business, you had mentioned the 15% pretax margin. That is a bit of a step-up from sort of the run rates the last 2 quarters, and I sort of recognize those are depressed levels. But what is it going to take to really get that number to that 15% level?
Steven M. Raney: Well, it's going take a good capital market and a good fixed income market. Fixed income was running almost 20% for a while, and it's down in half and capital -- the equity parts up. I mean -- so it's -- we just need some stabilized markets. We've -- I think we've taken the appropriate cost reduction. And if we get some reasonable markets, we can hit that, but we need some market help. And between capital -- between the equity [indiscernible] and fixed income side, both those sides have been choppy for a while now so...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Certainly, it would take a recovery in the fixed income markets for sure and continuation or improvement of equity capital markets activity from where it is today as well. They've both been at level -- that level in the past. It's just a matter of getting back to those levels and we're -- and that takes the market environment to some extent.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And then again, we've taken the cost actions now to the -- they have a better chance of hitting those, but we need some help. But we are going to keep our franchise intact. So we're -- if the market's slow for a while and we have good people, we're going to keep the people and gut through it. It's been our -- the way we've operated for a long time, and we'll continue to do that. We have good people. We've made the cuts we think that are necessary, and then we're going to need some market help.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Paul Christopher Reilly: Well, great, it sounds like we've gotten through the questions today. And I know again, sometimes the number's a little challenging because of the integration. But as we told you back through the integration, our goal is to get most of this cost-cutting and the adjustments out through the end of this fiscal year, and I think we're on track to do that. In June, I think we were a little quicker than we said you -- we had been and we still have a little bit to do. But we're on our way and hopefully, through this next quarter, we can get most of the cost adjustments out and positioning. And the good news is the integration has gone well. We like the positioning of the franchise, and we have to continue both to grow the business and focus on the cost side as we would in any normal environment. So we appreciate you attending this morning and look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you, Jodie.
Operator: Thank you, sir. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-04-25 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Demetris, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome, everyone, to the quarterly analyst call for Raymond James franchise (sic) [Financial]. [Operator Instructions] To the extent that Raymond James make forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory proceedings and other similar matters, and variety of factors, many of which are beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is available on the raymondjames.com and sec.gov. In addition to those factors, and in connection with the Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance: difficulty integrating Raymond James and Morgan Keegan's businesses or realizing the projected benefits of the transaction; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in the capital markets; and diversion of management time on integration-related results. To the extent, Raymond James discusses non-GAAP results, reconciliation in GAAP is available on raymondjames.com and the earnings release issued yesterday. Thank you. Mr. Reilly, you may begin your conference.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Thank you, Demetris. And good morning, everyone. I'm calling you from Dallas, Texas. We have our RJFS, our independent advisor conference. A little over half of our total independent advisors are here and in fact with our advisors [indiscernible] are guests in the home office and sponsors over 3,400 people attending. So that's quite a conference. The mood is very upbeat and very strong. Jeff, Jennifer and Steve Raney are in St. Pete. So we have a little bit of a split call, so if we get to questions and answers, either will cut in and cut out, you'll understand. We have now substantially completed our Morgan Keegan technology integration and have just started our Phase 2 rightsizing, which will go through the fiscal year end. I know that an awful lot of you that are trying to time some of the savings, but there is a lag. So as we just started our rightsizing, in fact, with our 160 people primarily in the technology segment, which should benefit next quarter, the numbers are just starting. We're committed to complete it, but it's going to be still a couple of quarters before we get it done. The integration costs are still high, and the benefits still not fully realized. Overall, our business is good. The retention is strong and believe that our combined platforms puts us in a great shape to compete. Last night, we reported record net revenues of $1.14 billion, up 3% from the preceding quarter and 31% from last year's quarter. EPS per diluted share of $0.56, down 8% from the preceding quarter, but up 8% from the prior quarter. And the non-GAAP EPS, taking out our integration charges and other charges, of $0.68, down 1%, down $0.01 from the preceding quarter, but up 6% from the preceding quarter. If you look at our businesses, I believe our businesses are really in good shape. And all but one, I think, had pretty good performance. And I know the numbers are moving, and it's hard for everyone to get a handle on them given the integration. But let me try to walk you through the big picture, and we'll have Jeff dive into the numbers a little more. Private Client business is in good shape. Our revenue was up 2%, and I think that's in line with -- in the same ballpark as most of our competitors. And you have to remember that our Morgan Keegan colleagues were put onto our platform in the middle of a quarter. And they're new systems, and they spent a lot more time entering stuff and learning the systems, that's taken them a little bit out of the market. So I think that, that transition has gone about as well as it could. I think it's positioned. The people are on our technology. If you track our help desk calls that were significantly elevated for the first week, slightly elevated the second week, have come back to about normal levels. So it certainly impacted productivity of that group. We can't prove that anymore because we have them all consolidated in our numbers, but certainly I believe it had an impact on them. Our technology rightsizing of the 160 people should benefit mainly PCG in this segment. That's going to be $5 million per quarter going forward before the other types of cost synergies that we work on in the next 2 quarters. Assets under administration hit a new record of $407 billion, up 5% and up an impressive 30% from a year ago. And you also have to remember that we bill in advance. So last quarter, we came basically with a 0.5% increase in assets under administration, which didn't give us much tailwind coming into the quarter, essentially flat, a little up. We'll be moving into the next quarter with a 5% tailwind as we bill in advance. Assets under management also hit a new record. $51 billion, up 10% for the quarter, which is a great number, and up 30% off a year ago. And they were both due to a rising equity market and also strong net inflows. Our Asset Management Group was up 6% in net revenue from the preceding quarter and 19% from last year. Pretax was flat basically due to the addition of ClariVest, but it was up 26% over a year ago. So I think we have a little bit of blip as we brought ClariVest cost into our structure for the fourth quarter. Capital Markets was a tough quarter for us. And I think if there was disappointment for us, and frankly, for the industry, for the people, the businesses that we were in is, it was a tough quarter. ECM had strong positive secondary commission flow. It was actually up 10% for the quarter, which has been unusual. We have a positive trend, starting to trend positively. Some of that due to our underwriting, some of it due to just overall flow. The underwriting markets have improved, and we see some continuing improvement. But like most other firms like us reporting, M&A was well off from what we expected, and I think most people expected. I don't think most of us recognize, we've been trying to say that there was an acceleration and M&A would be much slower this quarter. But if you look back at last December, the month of December alone was a record M&A quarter for us, and that was due mainly to the acceleration of deals as people looked at potential tax law changes and the fiscal cliff. So M&A was a very, very tough and really and the Equity Capital Markets business had the major impact. Fixed income has been steady. It certainly isn't the -- the Morgan Keegan integration has gone very well, but results are off from the early -- the last couple of quarters from the early returns, basically because commission volumes are down across all of our businesses as we had very low interest rates and a very flat yield curve and people expecting rates go up sometime. I think that just commissions are off. And our trading profits in the muni space, like everyone else in the industry, has been hit. They were a significant contributor to profits. But the last quarters, last 2 quarters, they were barely positive. They were slightly positive, but really weren't the significant contributors. Again, due to rates and the yield curve. RJ Bank, basically loans were flat. We showed a drop from $8.5 billion to $8.4 billion -- $8.5 billion to $8.4 billion. But actually, it was $44 million drop, so we got caught in the rounding from $8.416 billion, from $8.450 billion. So we did have a modest compression in spreads, and we ended up in a $2.5 million drop in net interest income. The surprise part, not a surprise to us, was the Proprietary Capital, where we have contracted to sell Albion Medical Holdings, one of our Proprietary Capital holdings. We expect it to close at the end of this month or soon within then. But due to that, the Proprietary Capital segment contributed $20 million of pretax earnings for the quarter. The Morgan Keegan integration continues to be on track. Everyone is now operating under the RJ brand across all platforms. In fact, our training folks who are out in the field have come back home from the offices as we believe that people are up on our platform and very, very comfortable. We've just begun the cost synergies in the business. So as I mentioned earlier, 160 people in technology, which is very culturally difficult for us. It's the first really layoff we've ever had in St. Petersburg, being a family-run company, I mean, these are people in our community where most people there are friends of our kids, friends, mothers and fathers and people we've known for a long time, but it was necessary given the integration. And we have more to do in terms of the cost cutting, that is the biggest in terms of numbers of people. But we will continue to do that over the next 2 quarters as it will bring the costs closer in line going forward. So with that, let me turn it over to Jeff, who will get a little bit more into the numbers. Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Thanks, Paul. My big-picture take on this quarter as you just look at numbers, you see basically 3.5 of our 4 major segments almost flat with the preceding quarter. The 0.5 that was off would be equity capital, equity side of Capital Markets. Off substantially for the reasons Paul mentioned, and Proprietary Capital increase made up most of that shortfall, which caused us to be, again, roughly flat in total with the preceding quarter. We're not saying that flat is good. We're just saying that, that's the dynamic. Let me talk about a couple of the facts and figures that you all have raised in your early comments, but we had -- I had planned on commenting on anyway. The comp ratio, total comp was flat with the preceding quarter. We had, obviously, with some of the Capital Markets falloff, we had some reduction in comp-related there, but we did have increases in comp related to consolidating ClariVest for the first time. There was -- someone pointed out, there was a modest amount of comp related to the private equity sale. And in addition, one of the points we mentioned at the non-GAAP, some of the restructuring cost were severance costs in the European operation that found their way into comp as well. So some of the -- the overall net-net-net comp was flat. We had -- we have started on the compensation reduction rightsizing plan. We talked about the, what I'll call the significant rift that we had on April 11 of 160 people. But in the March quarter itself, between -- mostly between the conversion date of February 19 and the end of the quarter, we also had several million dollars of compensation reduction from people who either left voluntarily or who had contracted to be with us only up to that time, et cetera, through conversion. So the savings of $5 million only related to that rift, but that number is probably slightly understated when you add in all these and also were let go or left toward the end of the March quarter itself. So though the comp ratio itself showed improvement in the quarter, again, it was related to the Albion revenues replacing higher compensation Capital Markets revenues, so there really was not much, if any, improvement. Although it shows that not through the March quarter, but we pointed out, we expect to see some reductions hit starting in the next quarter. Net interest income. We had a little bit of slippage. Paul pointed out the bank margin tightening a little bit. It did 18 basis points on what we call adjusted NIM. We are continuing to hold several hundred million dollars of excess cash above and beyond what we really want in our bank in order to provide our clients with insurance as we're still capacity constrained in our bank waterfall program. Just to remind you, the extra cash that the bank holds has no capital requirement associated with it as it's really in zero-risk weighted overnight Fed deposits. It does have a positive spread to the bank. So it's helping earnings, and it's helping ROE. The only statistic that's getting damaged by them holding that excess cash is the net interest margin. So for the foreseeable future until we are able to secure capacity, you'll see us do a reporting of the NIM like we did this quarter. Noncontrolling interest bounced around a lot. To help your analyses, we actually put a schedule in the press release this time detailing out the items within noncontrolling interest. I know it bounces around a lot. There's some positives and some negatives in that schedule in terms of our share. So hopefully, that helps people understand what's in NCI. Recurring revenues are steady at 54%. There wasn't a big shift in business in any direction. That's about where it's been running since our acquisition of Morgan Keegan. It's down a little from where it had been running as Morgan Keegan is being fixed income related and less PD-based and PCG, actually it was -- had a lower recurring revenue percentage than our legacy company did. So we dropped from the high-50s to the mid-50s in terms of recurring revenue percentage. In terms of our product mix, we've seen even since the last quarter about a 2% shift from cash and other investments over to the equity side in terms of our client holdings. But I would tell you, that's probably not people actually moving, that's probably more a result of just appreciation on the equity side causing the change in allocation there. Our shareholders equity, which is shown in the press release is approaching $3.5 billion. Over $25 per share total book and $22.5 tangible book now. A couple of other things. Acquisition and integration costs, our original estimate for the grand total of what we would incur was $110 million. We thought it will be $70 million in the first year and $40 million in the second year. It turned out it was only $60 million in the first year, but it looks like it's going to be closed to $50 million in this year. So our original estimate is going to be right. The split between the 2 years may be a little off, but we're at just under $100 million cumulatively now. And our best estimate is, we got about $5 million to $10 million more to come in the next 2 quarters. And then we should be through with that line item. Cost synergies we've talked about a lot. We've talked about a $60 million to $80 million number from the beginning. We told you in December, we were about halfway done. What our best estimates now of synergies to be realized starting April 1 going forward is about $35 million probably give or take. The timing of realizing all those is a little uncertain. Things like restacking our Memphis office space and things like that, negotiating with landlords, although the timing of that is a little unclear. But definitely, those will be front-loaded because most of it's compensation expense and a large part of that's happening right now as we speak in the June quarter. A couple of comments on expenses, which were also noted in the reports. I've talked about comp expense. Datacom, which showed an 8% increase this quarter. By way of reminder, it was just barely up in the first quarter from September. It's a little bit lumpy as to when systems come onstream, and we start the amortization and the maintenance fee process, et cetera. So that's a little bit lumpy. We certainly don't expect 8% per quarter increases in that line item over the course of a year or we would take some drastic steps to change that. Other expense. When you strip out the nonrecurring items and NCI, noncontrolling interest-related items, you actually see that the true-up used to be just in other -- through other was actually down quarter-over-quarter by about $6 million. And the largest lumpy item, if you will, in there typically is legal expense where we -- sometimes we have new cases, sometimes we settle cases and reverse reserves if they are favorably settled. So that's kind of a quick walk through the numbers. The ROE at 11.4% on a non-GAAP basis is kind of about where we've been running. It's not fair, I don't think, in your writeups to discount all of the benefits that we receive from the sale of Albion. In prior quarters, we've had quite a bit of writeups related to that investment over time. So it's actually been impacting our results not nearly to this extent, but it's been impacting results for many quarters in just to a lesser amount. So I don't think it would be appropriate to totally discount it, but you can do as you like there. In my own opinion, I think the assets under management up 10%, that's really what the billings are related to. The billings are probably up 7% because it's not all equity in our asset management sector. But billings are probably up about 7%, so there is the lift that Paul was talking about for the second quarter as opposed to the 5% total client assets. One other comment on the bank loans. It's going to be, as we mentioned, it will be a challenge to grow them, but the other thing that we're going to be perhaps challenged with is the receipt of the SNC exam here. If the timing followed last year, it will be the end of June. So it will be in this June quarter. As you know, the way we treat that is we take the lesser rating of what they come up with or what we already have it on the books. So it's not ever a positive number to us. It's been a fairly controllable couple of million dollar type number in the last couple of years. So as we continue to try to get pretty far ahead of the hit of the ratings on these loans, and we adequately reserve going forward. So with that, I'll turn over to Paul to give me his outlook on the segment this fiscal year.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Great. Thanks, Jeff. I think that as we kind of look forward, with record assets under administration and our asset management, assets under management being up significantly. Both provide good tailwinds for the Private Client Group and asset management businesses. They are -- they bill in -- the Private Client Group bills quarterly in advance. As I mentioned previously, we only had a 0.5% really increase the year before -- I mean, the quarter before coming into the quarter. So we have much stronger tailwinds plus the conversions behind us. And I think the advisors are really focused on their business. I'm actually pretty positive given the flows of equity markets so far. So I think we've got good tailwinds and should see good results on those businesses. The banks will be, I think, a little more challenged in this way. Loans were rounding down. Most of the down had to do -- we had a $200 million sale of our SBA loans. We warehouse them there, sell them up if it gets lumpy and build them back up. And so C&I was actually up. But we're projecting -- our best guess is bank -- the net loan should be flat to down slightly. The flow is great. We're seeing a lot of stuff. But there's a lot of -- a lot of the financings are covenant-light, and we don't like them. So we are maintaining our credit standards. We won't take a covenant-light loan unless it's an extremely strong credit. And if the market moves away from us from a credit perspective, we will grow loans slower. So you can't say 1 month or 1.5 months or a quarter as a trend, but we're concerned about that, so I think it will be difficult to grow loans in the next quarter given that environment. And also with the SNC exam coming, there may be a charge. We actually hope the examiners are tough on covenant-light loans. And if it tightens up covenants, we'll participate in more loans. So the bank outlook for the next quarter, we think flat to down slightly in terms of net loans. The Capital Markets are a little more difficult to estimate. The Equity Capital Markets, the commission flow has been good. The underwriting market has improved, and if the Equity Capital Markets stay in good shape, and that's the big if, we should see improvement. M&A volume, although in the industry we're seeing it down, we're actually seeing deals starting to close again as the backlog acceleration has worn off. And so my guess is, we'll see improvement in Equity Capital Markets throughout the second half of our year if Equity Capital Markets participate. And I think the fixed income business will be challenged to grow in this interest rate environment. It's been a very steady performer with steady margin, but until rates move or there's an impetus for people to really start repositioning their fixed income portfolios, that the commission volume, I don't see anything that's going to push it to grow significantly. And municipal trading [indiscernible] in this type of rate environment would be very, very difficult. So with that, could everyone hear me? [Technical Difficulty]
Paul Christopher Reilly: Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I'm sorry. I don't know where I got cut off. I got disconnected somehow here.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: All right. You're back.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Where did I got cut off?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: When you said, can you hear me.
Jennifer C. Ackart: I think you were about to lead into questions, Paul, you said, with that.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. Okay. I'm sorry. Just as a reminder, so I think where we are is the cost synergies are going to take some time to get out, longer than I think most of the analysts have estimated. And I think we tried to signal that they'd be in through the rest of the fiscal year and it's still going to take us those couple of quarters to get there, but we're committed to doing that. And overall, if you look at the first 6 months versus the first 6 months last year, we've had very, very strong results with net revenue up 36% and net income up 22%. Our non-GAAP fully diluted EPS up 17%. So the businesses are in good shape, and we just have to finish the job of getting the costs out, and we hope obviously the markets will stay favorable. We're in a great position to compete. So with that, I'll turn it back to Demetris for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Paul, I appreciate your commentary on the M&A market because we're certainly seeing a pretty big slowdown early on just from what seems like the pull forward of the middle market activity. I mean, in terms of the deals starting to flow through, I mean, how long do you think this overhang is actually going to last on the market?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I can tell, Joel. I mean, typically, the big numbers in the market are affected by major transactions, but the middle market seems to follow. So I think the deal flow-through of the things in backlog, and I guess the question is overall -- if overall M&A deals slow down, I mean, we'll certainly be impacted throughout the year. I think it's ironic to most people that kind of still record low rates and most people optimistic about going forward getting revenue growth that M&A would slow down at this pricing. But that's the report from everybody else. So I can't really tell you.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then sort of thinking about the other revenue line. So with the sale of the stake in Albion, should we think about this more in sort of the $10 million to $20 million range going forward?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Other revenues, let's see what the -- you mean from private equity or just in total?
Joel Jeffrey: I mean, just in total, it seems like that's a line that certain of the unrealized gains over the quarters you guys listed have been sort of in the...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have other private equity-related investments. So there'll be some activity related to those. It looks like the ongoing run rate unrelated to private equity is in that ballpark that you just mentioned. But there still will be some lumpiness related to our other private equity investments.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then I appreciate the commentary about the loan growth, but just thinking about in this sort of flat loan levels, how should we be thinking about NIM going forward?
Steven M. Raney: Joel, it's Steve Raney. Yes, continued pressure on net interest margin. I would think that over the next couple of quarters, you could see further compression in the 15 to 20 basis point range. We're being selective not only on credit, but also on return and there are credits that we're passing on that just don't meet our return expectation relative to the risk that we think we'll take with the loan. So as Paul and Jeff mentioned, we're not under any huge pressure to grow loans, and if the opportunities are there to do that, we will take advantage of it. But if they're not, we're not going to compromise on what we think is unacceptable return or credit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Miller, Sidoti.
Hugh M. Miller: I guess as a follow-up on the banking questions. I was wondering, is there anything that's either geographically or product-specific that you're seeing more competition than in other areas? And the other follow-up is just, is there the opportunity to potentially grow in Canada a bit quicker if you know -- or are you seeing the same type of environment there?
Steven M. Raney: Hey, Hugh, it's Steve again. Really, I would say, it's relatively widespread in terms of the competitive landscape. Probably more so in the C&I, the commercial and industrial loan portfolio. But we're seeing it in the commercial real estate sector as well. We're taking some actions against that in terms of some other industries. We've not done any tax-exempt lending in the past. That's something we're evaluating going into. These tend to be good credits.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It will help NIM.
Steven M. Raney: They tend to be -- you have better credits than the C&I loan. These will be loaned large enough for profits and municipalities. It's not anything we've done in the past but we're evaluating that as another diversification strategy. Your question about Canada, we've actually grown Canada more rapidly than the -- than our U.S. portfolio in the last couple of quarters, seeing a lot of good traction there. Some of the same dynamic exists, but it's not nearly as widespread, a competitive landscape. There aren't as many players up there. So that's been -- now, we're over a year into that opportunity and investment that we made, and that portfolio is actually growing more rapidly. And it's turned out to be really good business for us.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay, appreciate the insight there. And then, I guess looking at the institutional equities that you did report. I mean, we did see a volume drop year-over-year and you guys saw quite a nice rise, a double-digit rise year-over-year in the institutional equity commissions. If you can just provide some color on kind of what's driving that? I wasn't sure if it was related to secondary trading post, underwriting activity or if it's just market share grab or what you're seeing there?
Paul Christopher Reilly: I would say it's all 3. I think that we've done better in share. Certainly, the underwriting as we do retail oriented MLPs or REITs adds to that. And we're just seeing better flows in the secondary trading too, so it's a little bit of all 3. And we anticipate that we're not going to get that kind of rise quarter-on-quarter, but we don't see them going down in the short term.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. I mean, so is it safe to say -- we've seen kind of a shift in the assets coming back in the equities that you guys are seeing, that sentiment changing a bit more in the institutional side versus the retail side?
Paul Christopher Reilly: In this market, I don't know how safe it is to say anything but I'd say yes.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And then the last question was just on the recruiting side. I mean, you guys previously talked about being somewhat positive about the opportunities there and the pipeline for home office visits. And it seemed like it wasn't kind of coming through this particular quarter with the net adviser headcount. Can you just talk about that a bit further. Are you still very optimistic in what your expectations are on the recruiting side?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, I don't think we're going to see recruiting like we did in 2009. But I think home office visits have been strong. And I think if you look at this conference, we had 65 people attending from other firms, who were kind of kicking the tires here. So that's our largest number since 2009 during the commotion in the market. So it's good. I will say that people tend to be slower when the markets are up. When things are good, people tend to take a little more time to make the decision. So when things slow down a little bit, they're much quicker to pull the trigger. So I think we're in that. The flows are good in terms of home office visits. But I think it's taking a little longer to get people over. The other trend is we're getting much larger advisers. They continue to get multimillion dollar-producing teams coming through. And again, they tend to do a lot more due diligence also to move their books. So we're happy with the flows and we'll have to see, we're going to have to close. But we still think we can do a good job on recruiting.
Steven M. Raney: And average gross per adviser continues to increase. One of the biggest net-net loss of advisers this past quarter was in Canada. You may have noticed on the chart. But a large part of that was a result of a grid change that they made, that was more punitive to people in the low-end. So they lost a chunk of advisers doing about $125,000 average gross, which is far lower than the average recruit we're hiring.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Wilson [ph] with Goldman Sachs.
Unknown Analyst: Can we focus on expenses for a little bit? A couple of questions there. I guess when you look at the comp grade in the quarter and when you exclude the gain you guys are accruing comp, I guess, at a -- at the 71 almost percent you comp grade. And I understand you guys are going to get a little bit of a benefit next quarter with $5 million going away. But how should we think about the comp grade I guess pro forma for the cost cuts for the next few quarters? And then as a follow-up to that, non-comp, it feels like there's a lot of things that are still kind of coming through that are one-off-ish. Is there a way to quantify that and maybe Jeff, you can tell us how we should think about total dollars in non-comp for the next couple of quarters?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think with respect to the comp ratio, I think that we'll certainly see a downward trend from the -- you want to call it the [indiscernible] on the adjusted 70 to mid 60s. But it will take us at least a couple of quarters or more to get there. And that also implies some revenue help. We got hurt this quarter a little bit with having the fixed cost in comp and equity capital markets when the revenues went away. So with the normal market health, whatever normal is anymore, we still think that comp ratio with our mix of businesses that we got today should trend down say to the 66 type level over time. But I can't tell you when that will be realized. Obviously, I think, we'll start making progress on it right away here in the June quarter when you see some of these -- when you've seen some of these reductions in headcount that we've been talking about.  The other expenses are a little bit all over the board. I mean, occupancy you saw went down this quarter. We've got a data center that will be coming onstream that will add a little bit to that but not much, probably in this June quarter, if not, then the next quarter. Occupancy, I don't see moving a lot relative -- I don't see it doing much different than inflationary-type increases or CPI-type increases related to all of our leases and things like that. Other expenses, we've already talked about. They're pretty well controlled. And actually, that's where some of the synergies come. Some of the insurance expenses and audit expenses and things like that, that we get the benefit of having Morgan Keegan rolled into Raymond James going forward here. So I don't really see a big change there. Business development, we can control. We can -- those are largely controllable expenses in terms of what we want to do in terms of branding, in terms of conferences, in terms of home office visits and bio visits and other things. I think we're comfortable with where it is on a run rate right now. So unless there's a dramatic change in revenues one way or the other, I think that will probably stay where it is which leaves the wild card of Datacom. It's very hard for us to predict the total cost to some of the projects underway, when they come onstream, which things are going off stream. We've had contractors we've hired to keep some of the projects running that we will let go. There's a lot of moving parts in Datacom. As I told you, I certainly don't expect that we'll see 8% per quarter increases in that line item throughout the year. I would like to think that -- I don't necessarily think I can honestly tell you I believe it's peaked because it's a hard one to say. But I certainly don't expect dramatic increases from here. The best way for us to look at that expense I believe is as a percentage of revenues because you can't control some of your spend each year in that particular line item based on what the overall market firm is doing. We're approaching, if you exclude Albion again, which I don't think is totally fair as I mentioned, we're approaching 6% of revenues in that cost, and that's a high level for us. We haven't had enough internal discussions for me to tell you we've set some kind of absolute threshold, et cetera. But that's historically a high number, and I'd be surprised if we went over that going forward.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I'd like to add another comment on expenses. We are there during the conversion to spend money to get the conversion done and keep support levels. And examples is our back-office operations. If you take us pre-Morgan Keegan and add the Morgan Keegan office support, we're actually up 6% headcount. And we're adding new people and account openings. We are -- as we're trying to get back to service levels these people are on the new systems so we haven't seen synergies in the ops area. And it's easy to add to add people in new accounts. It doesn't take -- I don't have to be too smart to realize that's a good thing when we're getting inflow of new accounts. And it's going to take us a while in all these areas of our firm to really make sure that we're operating back on a good service-level basis before we're going to adjust anything. So we're going to see some of those runoffs in technology costs as we get the business, the systems converted. We've got a little bit more to do in the fixed income area. And same in the ops area, we're going to keep levels high until we feel like we can adjust them. And it's just -- it's going to take a while to get the cost out. We tried to articulate it. We probably haven't articulated it well enough. So we are going to make sure that the transition goes as smoothly as possible, and then we're going to drive back our target metrics.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Another example of that is the Morgan Keegan legacy operating system. It's not as though on February 20, once we converted to Raymond James' system we just unplugged it and settled with the vendor and went away. We're keeping that system up and running for several quarters to make sure we get customer 10 99 outs accurately to make sure we get customer history over accurately to the Raymond James platform et cetera, et cetera. And so we still got that data in the event something happens here in the next couple of quarters. So that cost won't technically go away until early fiscal '14.
Alexander Blostein: Got it, very helpful. It clearly sounds like you guys are still running a lot of kind of non-core expenses through your core expense base call it. And I guess it should be helpful to get a little bit better granularity on what they are so we can get a sense of once they go away. That's what the business sort of looks like. But I guess when we kind of take a step back, I mean, I think you guys talked about when you did the deal that the margin for the business overall should be 15-plus percent because that's kind of where you were pre-deal and obviously, you expect the deal to be somewhat accretive to the margins. Assuming revenue base doesn't change, just knowing what you know about expenses, can we still count on the 15% plus pre-tax margin from you guys?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I'd have to go back and look with -- assuming revenues don't change, we -- if revenues aren't going to regrow, we would clearly adjust our business to optimize what we're doing. But I think right now, we would say that everything we're doing, the investments we're making, et cetera, are to grow revenues not to sit on a flat revenue base. That's a hard one to answer because we haven't modeled it that way. And I'll answer your other question, on how much other noise is going through. Remember, I said, we got $35 million-ish still in synergistic cost to come. Of that, about $12 million is non-comp. So that's how much it's run through some other expense lines or occupancy expense or Datacom type lines that will go away.
Hugh M. Miller: And then a couple of specific questions on the bank. Appreciate your comments around the outlook for loan growth and I think it makes sense given what you're seeing with the environment. But you guys are sitting on a ton of capital both at the bank and the holding company. You used to kind of post some capital back into the bank to grow the loan portfolio, but since you're not going to do that in the current environment, should we expect -- what should we expect from you guys from Capital Management, I guess?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Same old boring selves. I mean we tend to stay over capitalized as we long-term think we're a growth business, and we're not going to -- it's unlikely for us to ever do buybacks when those prices are lower, special dividend, which we really haven't done unless we think we can't grow the business in the medium- to long-term. So for short-term kind of things, if the business does slow down and we can't deploy capital, we'll tend to keep it. We've got -- probably our first use is to pay down debt when that opportunity comes. So I always tell investors, don't look to us as a balance sheet restructuring ploy. We still believe we're a long-term growth company and that we will -- we can deploy the capital. We have determined -- if we ever feel differently, then we'll tell people, and we'll do something different.
Alexander Blostein: Just feels like the bank was a big source of that capital. So the big user of that capital. So with that now growing at least in the near term, would you consider buying back some of the debt or I guess what else are you going to do with that?
Paul Christopher Reilly: We still think we can -- we're looking at still niche acquisitions across the board. We're very disciplined. Most deals that have happened, we've looked at and stepped away from for various reasons. We're still looking. We think we can grow. We believe that every one of our businesses has room to grow either geographically and/or in some product line. But we're going to stay disciplined. And I think the bank is -- if the bank goes into a long-term decline, it will -- and it gives us back capital which it can do and we accumulate excess capital, we'll look at something different. Our anticipation right now is that we're in a shorter term loan bank and we believe we could still grow that business and all of our other businesses so.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: So a couple more on the bank. First on the NIM guidance. I think if I recall correctly last quarter, we were thinking NIM would be down 10 basis points for the full fiscal year. Now if I'm hearing you guys correctly, if you count this quarter and then for the remainder, it sounds like NIM might be down in the 40 basis point-ish range. And I'm just kind of wondering what happened in those 3 months that you have such a large change in the NIM outlook. I get it that loan growth isn't as good. But is there something else that's going on, that's at play here? Are you guys getting a lot of high yielding loans that are paying off or what other variables are really driving the decline in NIM?
Steven M. Raney: Chris, the repricing of credits are pretty widespread in the portfolio, which is causing in some cases for us to accept that and in some cases, we're accepting payoffs in exiting or reducing levels in certain credits. So once again, yes, it's very widespread really across all of the commercial loan categories. So I would say that a large portion of our portfolio is already repriced and in some cases, multiple times over the last couple of years. So we think that the pace by which that we're going to continue to see that is going to decline. But I do expect some more of that to continue, and that's why I was guiding down further for the next couple of quarters.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: My recollection is we gave guidance of 3.4% to 3.5% for the year. Isn't that right, Steve? And we're at an adjusted NIM for this quarter of 3.49%, and we exceeded it in the first quarter, but there was some large fees and things like that, that we took into earnings that particular quarter. So I think that the guidance for the year probably is -- it should still probably be in that range unless -- on the adjusted basis taking out the -- stripping out the excess cash, which is depressed in the margin as I mentioned earlier.
Paul Christopher Reilly: The adjusted amount, we were down 18 basis points compared to the December quarter.
Christopher Harris: Okay. All right. I guess I was looking at it on an unadjusted basis.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You heard me earlier on that, having all that excess cash helps earnings, helps ROE because there's no capital requirement associated with it, and there is a positive spread. The only thing it depresses is our net interest margin. We don't really want that cash, but we do want to provide the service to our clients to give them FDIC insurance on their bank's weak program.
Steven M. Raney: Chris, I'd also mention, I know we're providing you point in time in the period loan balances that -- our average loan balance for the March quarter was actually $325 million higher than the December quarter. Yes, just to provide that additional color.
Christopher Harris: Yes, okay, guys, that's definitely helpful. The bank, how do you guys think about growth. I really got to commend you guys for not wanting to chase bad product or make loans that really are uneconomic or don't make sense as far as your credit standards are concerned. But if we enter into a period where we've got a couple of years of really very lax lending standards, are you guys comfortable with just kind of keeping the loans as they are at the bank as far as a no growth scenario, or how do you kind of balance the desire to grow versus maintaining your credit standards?
Paul Christopher Reilly: We have a strong desire to grow our company, but not at the cost of credit standards, and it's been very clear to Steve and the bank and the whole firm is that I'd rather have loan balances shrink than start chasing credit. So we're going to stay disciplined. We've expanded areas, our SBL loans have been growing, our Canadian loan portfolio is going, we can have some growth in our home mortgage origination where we've seen some success. But we're not going to chase bad credit. So the mandate is as the firm, we're a growth firm, but if the credit -- we're not going to weaken credit standards and if we shrink, we shrink.
Christopher Harris: Okay, fair enough. And last one for me, real quick on the Merchant Banking business. Can you guys remind us how large that portfolio is in terms of assets? And should we assume that you guys will be in kind of this monetization phase considering how strong markets have been and so that the gains in proprietary capital, are they likely to be kind of recurring over the next couple of quarters?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We've got something around $100 million invested now. Albion was our biggest piece. But we've got some we own directly outright, some we own through fund formats, some are affiliated and some are unaffiliated. So you can see that in our Q in the level 3 assets section. Do we really think that if we're going to see gains like this? First of all, I'd say I don't necessarily think we're in total liquidation phase. We are cognizant of the Volcker rule. Any impact that may have on our ability to grow the business in the format we've been doing it in the past, we can continue to do it in a fund format where we manage the assets but aren't a significant owner of the assets. We do have several that we are still the significant owner of in the portfolio. I would certainly not model out gains like we've seen. We may have some going forward, but I don't think they'll be of the magnitude that we've seen here with the Albion investment, not for some time.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of William Katz with Citi.
William R. Katz: Just  coming back to the discussion on the timing of cost savings. I'm just a little confused by the tone or just the commentary. Most expectations were to have the full cost savings in by the end of this fiscal year. Is that still the case or are you suggesting that it slips into fiscal '15?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Our target has been to get it done this year and to try to keep next year's earnings clean. There may be some items that slip over but our target has been to get the savings done so we can start realizing them at the beginning of the fiscal next year. But there's a lag from when we do all these cost adjustments until they start coming through the P&L. So we're still on the same guidance we've always given you. But I can't tell you that some of the stuff won't slip over.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, we've got cost savings initiatives planned for some for June and some for the September quarter. But if you do them in the September quarter, as Paul points out, you won't really see the benefit of it until the next quarter.
William R. Katz: Next question is, when you look at your Capital Markets pre-tax margins, that has been coming down pretty steadily, and I appreciate the seasonal nature between the fourth quarter, calendar fourth quarter to calendar first quarter, but more structurally, at what point do you take a look at the margin of that business and have to right size for what appears to be a weaker revenue backdrop?
Paul Christopher Reilly: We've been pretty clear in the last couple of calls that we are looking, and we will make some changes in that business. A part of it is headcount and part of it is just comp and payouts. Some of it is elevated by the integration and retention payments. Some of it in transitional deals as we try to get 2 businesses together. And some of it is headcount related. So it's not the massive numbers we went through in technology. But there will be some trimming and there will be some comp adjustments. And so again, our goal is to focus through this fiscal -- the rest of this fiscal year to get that done. So we do acknowledge that they're elevated.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: With respect to equity Capital Markets, those aren't part of the synergy cost we've got in here. That's just pure right-sizing.
William R. Katz: Okay, so that would be on top of the planned integration savings, is that correct?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Right, but fixed income is part of the continued integration.
Paul Christopher Reilly: We balance here. We have not been a big -- the markets get good, hire like crazy to participate and then when markets slow down it's cut to the bone and wait out. So we've been more middle. Bull markets, we don't chase them and the down markets, we trim and we will trim. But we don't cut to the bone and then start chasing an up market again. So but we're running elevated on any standard, and we know that and we will address it. We are addressing it.
William R. Katz: That's helpful. And then just a back up for me, when you look at the bank discussion for a moment. Can you tell me what the duration of the bank is today versus the end of the year?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Versus the end of the fiscal year?
William R. Katz: Right.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: The duration of all of our assets?
William R. Katz: Right, on the asset side, right.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: About the same.
William R. Katz: And have you quantified that and it probably appears around 2, 2.5 years, are you assuming the same ballpark?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: No, well, it's shorter than that. I don't have a good number for you on that. I'd be glad to follow up with you. I mean just looking at all of our asset classes...
Unknown Executive: We don't have the GAAP report in front of us but we can do that and let you know, Bill.
William R. Katz: And then just a final one. You mentioned in terms of you're seeing a pickup in the size of the better mix if you will of sort of the FA growth versus what's it riding. When you look across the business, a lot of your peers talk about the competitive nature and the markets being what they are. How do you think about the upfront costs and return on investment in terms of timeframe to get your return? I mean, changing economics if you will.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, we are, we have not -- we just don't compete head up in front money and the transition of systems that we have competitors especially the bigger ones that pay out twice as much as we do. And we -- our sales point is coming to our culture, which is high service, FA focused, no product push. And if you can get less money up front, your payout is going to be better over time and you can earn it, but you got to earn it over time. And we want you to join to be with us, not for a check, and that's -- we've been in that position as being lower than our most of our competitors for a long time, and we continue to do that. We're not buying business for dollars.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Wong with MorningStar.
Michael Wong: So what have you seen in Europe that caused the impairment and restructuring charge this quarter?
Paul Christopher Reilly: We just -- if you think that people talk about the commission market versus research being challenged here as we've had declining over the desk commissions because of ETFs and electronic trading. The European market has been tougher and it has been for a while, not only our volume is down. Pricing is tough and we've just decided to kind of -- we've had a long-term partnership there, and we just felt it was time to restructure. We have a great leader there who's been with us a long time and running the U.S. equity side and we wanted to get the European equity side under him fully too. So we bought out the minority interest in that -- in one of that deal, and we're downsizing our number of salespeople and analysts to fit the market. So we just because it wasn't fully controlled, it was a little harder, so we just bought full control and we're making the adjustments.
Michael Wong: Okay. So there was no big change in the market. It was just decided to take that charge this quarter off of trends that have been going on for a while?
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. We've been looking at that, and it was obvious to us that the market in the short term wasn't going to turn. We have good people, so we went ahead and just bought out the remaining shareholders took control of resizing the business to where we think it should be. We just -- we've been watching it really for 2 years now and just went ahead and bit the bullet.
Michael Wong: And just a bit curious about how this is the third quarter in a row that margin balances have declined. I just assumed that they would grow with the market [indiscernible] client assets and sentiment is not terrible. So if you could just comment a little bit on that, that would be great.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Go ahead Jeff.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: The only we obviously -- I mean, we don't counsel our clients to take a lot of leverage here. Our margin balances for FA are probably very low compared to the Street in general. The only new development there has been that a lot of the new --  the leverage based on your securities portfolio has been going to the bank in the form of securities-based lending, which we've had for about a year at the bank, which has grown to over $400 million. So in fairness, you almost have to look at those 2 in unison. They don't necessarily I wouldn't say it's cannibalized existing business to a great extent, but certainly the new business, they're considering, which is most appropriate between the bank line versus the broker-dealer line.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And especially for new advisers, as we recruited and higher- and higher-end advisers with the wealthier client, they choose the securities based lending usually because they use it as a financing vehicle, not really just as a stock repurchase vehicle.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Justine Mario with Lord Abbot.
Unknown Analyst: Just to beat the horse on the NIM. I would appreciate some color, and sorry if I missed it, about NII versus NIM. Just given the fixation on NIM as a percent I know, I'm sure it drives you guys crazy too. But any kind of directional commentary on NII would be appreciated because it sounds like most of the stuff you're talking about really is kind of OpEx on NIM as a percentage, maybe not as much NII in dollars other than to the point about loans, you're not going to be out chasing them. But would you expect much degradation there?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: If loans run flat and NII stays where it is, we'll be flat. But that's a math exercise. It's a matter of whether we're be able to maintain loan balances or whether they actually decline. If loan balances decline, then NIM stays the same. We'll have a degradation in NII. And if they both occur, the decline in loans and the decline in net interest margin, then it will be even more severe. But yes, we don't foresee a significant decline from the current levels, at least I don't. And see a significant decline from the current levels in net interest income at the bank. I think there might be a slight contraction of NIM from here. We're still guiding like we said 3 40 to 3 50 for the year. And I think that loans will probably be -- my guess is it will be flattish for the rest of the year given the current environment that we're seeing.
Steven M. Raney: We had 2 days less interest in the March quarter compared to the December quarter, which impacted the net interest income significantly, nearly $2 million worth.
David M. Trone: Jeff, to a point though I mean NII is what determines earnings, not NIM. And the variables you're talking about in terms of not growing loans and obviously some stuff prepaying or whatever is really OpEx and NIM, unless you're saying that we're seeing massive downward repricings on stuff or retaining, which it doesn't sound like. I mean, obviously, there's rate pressure in the world, but it doesn't seem like that's the case with you guys. Is that fair?
Steven M. Raney: Well, a lot of that has already been reflected in the numbers but I do think that we're going to continue to have reductions in NIM and our balances will, like Jeff said, will be flat to maybe slightly down on an average basis the next couple of quarters. So there will be some...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Some impact, but I don't think it will be material based on the current levels. And there are other factors in the bank that are equally important like the provision.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Okay. Well, I'd like to thank you all for joining the call. I know that with the integration, the numbers are difficult as you guys try to figure out when the costs are coming out, I actually think outside of the M&A number, the revenue numbers and our businesses weren't bad. I think we've got tailwinds in the business. Given a good equity capital markets, I think the earnings power is here. We just got to get the cost out. We're focused on it. I know and we're going to do it when we believe we will get to our targets. But again, we're focused first on making sure our business is operating well. That people are settled in, that the systems, processes and support are working. And then we are attacking the costs, which we've started to do. So I know it's hard for you all to predict the timing. So I think a lot of this is timing versus the ultimate goal. But thank you for joining us, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-01-24 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Felicia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Raymond James Quarterly Analyst Call. [Operator Instructions] To the extent that Raymond James makes forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory proceedings and other similar matters, a variety of factors, many of which are beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2011 annual report on Form 10-K, which is available on the raymondjames.com or sec.gov. In addition to those factors, in connection with the Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance: difficulty integrating Raymond James and Morgan Keegan's businesses or realizing the projected benefits of the transaction; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in the capital markets; and diversion of management time on integration-related issues. To the extent, Raymond James discusses non-GAAP results, the reconciliation to GAAP is available on raymondjames.com and the earnings release issued yesterday. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your speaker for this morning, Mr. Paul Reilly, Chief Executive Officer of Raymond James. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you, Felicia, and good morning. As I looked at kind of some of the price targets this morning, we're reticent to ever give guidance. But we are making a prediction: Our prediction is 70 plus. And that's not the stock price, but that's the temperature here in St. Petersburg today for those of you in New York. So if anybody wanted -- wants a challenging career in great temperature, we're here in St. Petersburg, give us a call. I'd like to start the release in kind of taking a high-level view, and I think our first big accomplishment is 100 consecutive quarters of profitability, which is a big milestone. And I think it's really a testament to the management philosophy that Bob and Tom James have built here. It has been since Black Monday that we -- that quarter where we had our loss, and that loss was due to that we kept the trading desk over that -- open that day and recorded  a little over an $800,000 loss, some 25 years ago. So I think that the story of Raymond James continues to be a strong, long-term ROE with a buffer to the downside because of our management philosophy, which should translate the value to our shareholders and our associates. This quarter, I believe, was a good solid quarter given the marketplace. We recorded record net revenue of $1.1 billion, up 4% from last quarter and 42% from last year. We also turned in a record net income of $85.9 million, up 3% over last quarter and 28% over last year. GAAP EPS was $0.61, up 2% from $0.60 last quarter and 15% from last year. And our non-GAAP, excluding the integration cost, of $0.69, flat with last quarter and up 30% from last year. And I go to those highlights from one thing, that our story has been very consistent since pre-acquisition, that we're going to focus on revenue growth and retention during the Morgan Keegan combination, and I think we're accomplishing that. We -- our retention levels stay high, we can see it in our revenue numbers and, I think, in the faces of our financial advisors as we go through this integration. But that is also consistent with elevated compensation, expenses and often technology expenses through the integration. We do not see those expenses diminishing over the next couple of quarters, as we go through this integration, and I'll give a little bit more color as I talk about that through some of the business segments. Our assets continue to grow. Although the S&P was down 1%, our assets under administration were up 8.6% for the quarter and 33% over last year. Now of the $3.7 billion increase in our assets under administration, 31 -- $3.1 billion was from our ClariVest acquisition. A little bit of [ph] accounting, we acquired a 45% interest in ClariVest, and because of the control features in that, it is a consolidation. So -- and 3 -- the full $3.1 billion is in our $3.7 billion number. Assets under administration grew to a record 39 -- $392 billion, up less than 1% this year, but up 45% over last year. As we get into the business units, the Private Client Group turned in good revenue growth at 3%, sequentially, up 35% over last year. Pretax income over 5%. The top line story is: Retention remains high in the Morgan Keegan advisors. Over 95% of the Morgan Keegan production offered retention is still with us, so we have good retention. Again, very happy with the advisors staying. If you look through the attrition and the decrease in Financial Advisors, the majority of it was caused by lower-end producing Morgan Keegan advisors. In fact, many of them were under $100,000 of production. We had 3 in that group that we considered regretted [ph] losses, and they were in production of $400,000-ish plus. One was by death, unfortunate, which we usually retain the books, and 2 did go to competitors. But almost all of the other attrition was really by the lower-end producers. The recruiting pipeline remains very robust. The December quarter is typically a slower quarter for bringing people over, people don't like to change through the year end, both because of holidays, because of retention agreements here and payouts. But the pipeline is very good and recruiting continues to stay strong. Our productivity per financial advisor has hit highs in Raymond James and Associates, their employee side, and Raymond James Financial, our independent advisors. And the Morgan Keegan advisor productivity is about 15% lower than our RJA advisor. Our -- we will be converting the Morgan Keegan advisors over to our platform starting mid-February into our technology platform, and that gap between the Morgan Keegan advisors and Raymond James advisors we feel we can make up over time. That will not be an instant, that will be a process over a year or 2, where we think we can -- our systems and products and services will help bring them up to the Raymond James Associates' productivity levels. I said that the conversion of our systems will begin in mid-February. We will bring all of our advisors over. The expenses will remain elevated through second quarter and most of the third quarter. We are committed to getting the efficiencies out, but I think we're really looking that into our fourth quarter event, after not just the conversion into our technology systems, but also to make sure there's a smooth operating transformation of the advisors onto our platforms. Our technology expense has remained elevated for 2 reasons: one, high conversion expenses, which we anticipated; but also, we've continued to upgrade our systems really to very -- almost regular reviews by our advisors of our new technology. And also validated by our recruits, who see our technology and are very surprised that the platform we're offering to our advisors. And we continue to commit -- we are committed to continue to upgrade our financial advisor-facing and client-facing systems. Capital markets turned in a good growth quarter. And it really is the tale of really kind of 2 businesses, as we said last quarter, but flipped. We had a record quarter, and our Equity Capital Markets division really up, to give you magnitude of almost 30%, sequentially, driven by record M&A volume. Now the M&A volume probably was somewhat accelerated by year-end deals -- I don't think were generated because of year end, but accelerated by year end under the uncertainty in tax law. So being a lumpy business, you get some acceleration. Our pipeline is good, but we certainly had an acceleration into December. In fact, our M&A volume was almost 60% of our total M&A volume last year. So a very, very strong quarter. We also had strong underwriting. And just to give you an example, 1 week in December, we had to price 11 offerings and we were left with 5 of them. So it was a very robust quarter in December almost, as we closed out the year very, very strong. Conversely, in the fixed income business, which was down 15% sequentially, both commissions were lighter, but trading profits were off. And that's mainly due to sudden rate movements in December, which caused us lowering our trading profits because of our muni book, both by offerings we were in, in our inventory at that time. The business is in good shape. We expect fixed income to return to a more, kind of, its traditional operating levels. We'd the Capital Markets business to continue as it was last quarter, but that was a very strong quarter, and we expect that likely to be softer than it was last quarter. Asset Management revenue up 7%, pretax up 18%, 16% over last year. Again, good, solid, steady results in Asset Management, as we've had for a number of years. And again, assets' grown totally in that segment by the ClariVest acquisition. Not sure what to say about the bank, just another very strong quarter, highlighted by an increase of 5.9% in net loans, $468 million. And I'm sure you'll want some color, and Steve, both on our originations and some of the volume in the secondary markets. You saw a lower provision because credit quality improves as loans pay off that have reserves, you release those reserves. And so the net number is lower than you've seen, but it's a combination of just strengthening credit quality. And those loans that reserve when they pay off, you have to release the reserves. So the bank has continued to perform well, and we're happy with its positioning and it's credit quality. The integration will continue through the third quarter, where we think we can get it behind us, essentially, a little bit more in the year, which I think is a great testament to the management here. We are committed to the cost efficiencies that we've given you before. We're about halfway, with halfway to go. And we think most of those we'll attack later in the fiscal year, but we're committed to reaching those numbers once we have an integration. I'm very comfortable that we have a stable operating platform after combining the whole Morgan Keegan franchise onto our system. The integration has gone so well that we made a commitment to Morgan Keegan that we would keep some dual branding in businesses. For 2 years, they have asked us to drop the Morgan Keegan name in February after the integration and to operate under Raymond James. And I think it's -- that their request, which I think tells you the cultural integration and the satisfaction of the advisors, and I applaud both sides for really reaching out and working together. And as you look at the results, even in Capital Markets, a lot of those M&A deals were generated by what we formally call Morgan Keegan bankers who are on our system, as in early-on when fixed-income combined with a lot of the [indiscernible] of it, they were -- their public finance group was a much stronger group, a lot of the big deals were generated by former Raymond James bankers. So we've gotten good integration on both sides, good teamwork. Happy with the integration so far, and we should complete it over the next couple of quarters. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff with little -- for a little more color.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Okay. A few comments to add to what Paul said. First, I'd like to make sure everybody is aware that we did beef up the press release this time. We've added some additional balance sheet data, including tangible book value per share. We've added ROE for each period, both GAAP and non-GAAP. And we've added a breakdown of commission and fee revenues and, similarly, a breakdown of investment banking revenues. This particular time, we put in a trailing 5 quarters. So those of you who model our earnings can update your models accordingly. Going forward, we'll probably put in the comparative periods similar to the way we present the P&L in the quarterly press release. Secondly, let me talk about the comp ratio, which we analyze as a percentage of net revenues. It was 68.73 this quarter versus almost 70 last quarter, so we actually had 123 basis point improvement. I'd say that was a couple of factors, small pieces that was results of some of the rightsizing we did toward the end of last fiscal year starting to manifest itself. But also, there was a surge in revenues, as we've talked, about particularly in Equity Capital Markets -- although that certainly has variable comp associated with it, as well as a modest amount of bonus reversals, which we have every year in that first quarter, nothing like Goldman Sachs. So -- and that we improved 122 basis points. We think there will be more to come post-conversion as long as revenues hold up at these levels. This is the area that the cost efficiencies will primarily be recognized, and so we're hopeful that, that trends lower as we go through the fiscal year. I'm very disappointed to tell you that I don't have anything to talk about with respect to the tax rate. It was normal at 38.3%. You get -- that's sort of what happens in a flat market when you're COLI values don't bounce around much. Similarly, recurring revenues, we talk about that every time we present at conferences, et cetera, and it's been holding pretty steady here at about 55% of revenues, up for us. One thing that we tried to estimate this time, we typically start out -- have, in the past, started out our MD&A saying that our results are very highly directly correlated to the direction of the domestic equities market. So we decided to put that to the test a little bit and just see how much of our revenues really are equity market-sensitive. We know it's a lot lower than it used to be, as the bank has grown and fixed income certainly is much more significant operation than it was. So when we do the math, we actually think that probably a little less than half of our revenues currently are equity market-sensitive. And another factor is Asset Managements -- assets under management, have gravitated more towards fixed-income and our retail clients have gravitated more to fixed income as in asset allocation. So with all those factors at play, we're not as sensitive to the U.S. equity markets as we have been in the past. So just as a quick recap, skimming around the segments. In the PCG, our FA account was down 41 for the quarter. However, average gross and average assets per FA hit record levels. Client assets, as Paul reported, hit a record level, about $370 billion of the $392 billion is Private Client Group related. However, the segment margin for PCG is still at 7.4%. And again, this is, again, an area that we should see some of the cost efficiencies toward the end of the year. Remember, we consolidate into that segment our IT and ops areas, which predominantly serve the Private Client Group, and that's where we expect some of the efficiencies to be realized later in the year. In Capital Markets, obviously, we had -- the record investment banking core, that Paul mentioned, we're hopeful that at least activity continues at the brisk level, even if it doesn't match this quarter. And we'd expect fixed-income to somewhat return to the normal profitability levels, particularly in the trading profit line going forward. Asset Management, we hope there's continued steady growth. We did add capacity both with the small mid-cap team as well as ClariVest. We -- assets under management, I think Paul reported, up 1.4%  organically this quarter and $3.1 billion added from ClariVest. But we also anticipate that once the conversion is completed and some of these asset management products now are available to the Morgan Keegan sales force, that there may be a little more of a surge into professionally managed product from that sales force. Bank, we kind of anticipate steady results going forward, maybe even a little higher in the revenue side. We're going to start seeing some impact from the loan growth that we've had here in the last 2 quarters. As Paul reported, credit metrics continue to improve. And so far, our interest spreads held in there, it's still around 3.5%. I think we've guided between 3.40% and 3.50% for the year. And then one thing that has swung our results a little bit each quarter here lately has been Proprietary Capital. And that also impacts, as was correctly pointed out in at least one report this morning, impacts the noncontrolling interest to some extent. Just about every quarter, we've got about $5 million to $6 million of, what I'll call, operating losses from consolidated Tax Credit Fund partnerships, consolidated due to the ownership structure or the fact that we have a guarantee in place. So that's a consistent add back in noncontrolling interest, and that's what you saw in the September quarter and the December quarter a year ago, because they were very few other significant factors. The one that swung it around lately has been the consolidation of our merchant banking fund, Raymond James Capital, which has one investment left in it, and it's had some significant valuation swings lately, all positive, and that happened again this quarter -- actually it's a dividend distribution from that entity. That factors into other revenues on that line item and the portion that we don't own becomes a net deduct from income in noncontrolling interest, which is what happened this quarter. So that's going to bounce around. We can analyze that in any level of detail that anyone wants to, but net-net to RJ is, as reported, at a record level.
Paul C. Reilly: Okay. We'd like Felicia to turn it over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: If you could just give us a little bit more color on, sort of, your expectations for pretax margins in the Private Client business going forward. I mean, I know you've done about 7.4% this quarter, and just like sort of the period right before the deal was done, is a little bit above 9. Is that the kind of level we should think about once the integration is done? Or given what you've said about getting increased productivity out of the Morgan Keegan guys once they're on the platform, should we expect kind of a higher number going forward?
Paul C. Reilly: I think, Joel, you're going to see a drag. The Morgan Keegan margin were slightly lower, if you really look at effective payout, it's going to take time to get them up, our payouts. We went to a kind of a new grid we announced, which was really neutral, so we're not going to really get any pickup there. So we expect them to improve, but I think being back to 9 would be very difficult short-term. We also have -- the other impact was the amortization of the retention bonuses for Morgan Keegan which impacts that line. So a lot of money being run through on the amortization of retention impacts that ratio also.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then, I mean, thinking about the loan loss provisions, again, clearly came in a bit below what we were looking for. I mean, when you think about it going forward, are you guys targeting a specific, say, like allowance-to-loan ratio percentage? Or is this really going to kind of vary based on how many loans are paying off in the release of reserves that you have?
Steven M. Raney: Hey, Joel. It's Steve Raney, good morning. Yes, it's really loan-specific, there's not really a target per se. Each loan is rated -- one of our -- each one of our corporate loans is rated individually. We've been pretty aggressive at taking actions against loans that early on we perceived to be potentially problematic. Even this quarter, we sold loans, a couple of loans, a couple of positions that closed to par when we had rather significant reserves much more so than what we were able to sell the loan at. So we're trying to be as proactive on that as possible. But -- and as we're booking loans, as we've shared with you, in general, we're adding about 150 to 160 basis points of the new loans on the corporate side, it's a lower amount on the residential, and our securities-based loans are lower than that even. So it's really constructed at the loan level, and there's not really a set target per se. We are comfortable with where we stand in terms of our total allowance to non-accrual loans, non-performing loans relative to our peer group and other institutions that we look at. So...
Paul C. Reilly: So the noise you're going to get every quarter is -- our reserving, is pretty consistent for grades. But as loans pay off, whatever reserves we have, we have to release them, and it's this thing that make it move around in quarters.
Steven M. Raney: We actually added $0.5 million to our allowance. But on a percentage basis, it did come down 9 basis points in terms of allowance to total loans.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I guess, we had to have a target for the allowance to loans that the -- having no classified loans of any kind, and having 150 basis points of commercial and whatever we have on resi now.
Steven M. Raney: Joel, that's my boss. I've got a pretty high bar to meet now. So...
Joel Jeffrey: 5% and you're [ph] up that way. And then just lastly, I mean -- and looking at sort of the December commission fee revenues, it looks like it came in a bit above our expectations. And just wondering, could you comment on it if these kind of trends continued into January?
Paul C. Reilly: December was a little on the institutional side because of the syndicate. I mean, they were slightly elevated because of there's a lot of the syndicate business. In January, I don't think is --  has been a bad month so far either, but I think it got a little elevation from the Equity Capital Markets business. But you're down in the fixed income business, I think will -- it'd pick back up. So I don't see anything -- I can't -- I haven't looked close enough at the January numbers to tell you where we stand.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have set slightly higher fee billings than we did October 1 for the quarterly stuff, despite that's down 1% S&P 500 market and the December quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: Which will give us a little bit of a tailwind going into January also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Great. So a couple of question on expenses. Maybe as you guys kind of look through this year, I guess the first question is, what do you guys see sort of the normalized comp rate settling in, still right now, kind of like in the high 60s? So isn't it 60 still, I guess, the number we should be thinking about for comp?
Paul C. Reilly: We can see it coming down, but I don't know mid-60s, if you mean 65%, if that's mid, then it's no. We can get improvements, and the -- but there's only so much you're going to get out of operational and overhead synergies. If you can get improvements, it's going to be have to be in payouts, and you're not going to see reduction in the Private Client Group are really payouts overall. We're looking at a number of things, including our client net pay pricing. We're studying it right now. We're doing other things that could impact margins. We've said we're looking at the Equity Capital Markets, we're operating heavy there, and there'll be some. But with the independent contractor division being 2/3 of the PCG, you're not going to get it down that low.
Alexander Blostein: Got you. That's helpful. And then, I guess, on the non-comp side, it seems like, especially in technology, there's 2 things going on, right? On the one hand, you're still converting the platforms, but also, it sounds like you guys were doing a few upgrades that feels like might be also temporary in nature at least for now. Is there a way to quantify that? And how much of a non-comp relief you guys would get once everything sort of settles down?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, I think that there's 2 pieces. One, we have elevated technology for improvements, and -- but there is certainly elevated technology costs for integration. And honestly, we are pretty conservative on what we call acquisition-related. And I think until it all settles out, you can't really get a good number. We've given you $60 million to $80 million target, we think we've gotten half, although we think there's another half. A lot of that is in ops and tech. Then, we're just going to have to wait till we settle through. But our technology spend is up, it's not sustainable at the level we have out, but -- because of the integration expenses. But it is up from prior, and will continue to be, as we look to actually strategically position our technology as a leader, which I think we're getting good results so far.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. Very helpful. And then, Steve, I have a quick question for you on the bank. So loan growth is obviously very good, can you give us a sense of where the organic loan growth is coming in from? And at the same time, revenues down a little bit sequentially, I'm assuming that's because net interest margin has come down. And I just want to clarify if you guys think that this is probably the run rate NIM we should think about? Or that it's more kind of an incremental compression to go? In other words, if we continue to see decent balance sheet growth, should the revenue growth be kind of going in line with that?
Steven M. Raney: Yes. Alex, related to the loan growth, it was across all of our loan classifications, but the bulk of it was in our corporate area. The December quarter we enjoyed some pretty robust opportunities in the marketplace, both in the primary market and also we added some positions in the secondary market. I would say that we're seeing -- those opportunities have kind of waned a little bit this quarter. We've seen continued pressure on margins and also structure. So I would not anticipate our loan growth to meet that close to 5 -- close to -- actually it was over 5% for the quarter. I would not anticipate that for the next few quarters. Although, we're growing at a slower rate, I would anticipate over  the next couple of quarters. Related to our revenue number, there was a couple of things that impacted our net revenues. Our -- we have a bank on life insurance policy that is about a $65 million investment that had about an $800,000 swing, a negative swing between the December quarter and the September quarter. And also, while the vast majority of our Canadian loans are in our Canadian enterprise that are hedged against the Canadian currency, we do have some legacy Canadian denominated loans in the bank itself that are unhedged, and that had about a $2.5 million impact negatively between the December and the September quarter. So those 2 things in combination with the slightly lower net interest margin contributed to the reduction in our net revenues for the December quarter. In terms of our NIM going forward, I know Jeff alluded to this, we are seeing some pressure. I would anticipate, although it really hung in there this last quarter, it only came down 3 basis points. I think over the next few quarters, you're going to continue to see some slight reduction, maybe over the next 12 months, a reduction by as much as 10 basis points or so on a run-rate basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: Just want to follow up on the strength of PCG results. And I guess, specifically in December, was that driven by year end client repositioning, just given looming tax hikes or was there something else driving that? I know that sometimes you have some onetime maybe boost related to selling in a product related to analyst top picks. Just trying to get a sense what really kind of boosted that earn improvement on that in there in December. And then, it's kind of a part 1 in the question. And then, secondly, with the equity mutual funds seeing some inflows the past couple of weeks here, are you seeing similar positioning within your client base and any signs of changes in engagement levels?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Two things. Certainly, December had packed harvesting and held positionings and yes, both.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Tax loss and tax gain selling.
Paul C. Reilly: Certainly, the syndicate business was a good month. So you had positive spend in December that certainly boost the business. But having said that, January appears to be a good month too. So, it's certainly, you have factors like that impacted. And so, yes, we've had -- we had some boost from those factors. And I think the business is still very solid and continues to grow very well. So we'll see. Your second question, I'm sorry?
Devin Ryan: Yes. So essentially, just -- we've had some positive flow trends, and I know it's only been a couple of weeks. But just wanted to see if you're maybe seeing some early signs of improvement in retail investor engagement now? Clearly things were, in the year end, I would say, were -- investors were less engaged. Just want to see if there's been any maybe shift in engagement levels?
Paul C. Reilly: No. We see -- I think that our investors' sentiment and our sentiment -- investor sentiment survey is up. We haven't seen a massive move to equities. I know a lot of the funds are showing big inflows. I think we've been more with our investors, we try to keep them engaged, maybe they've been a little more engaged in other places. So I haven't seen a big movement yet. But having said that, the commission levels in January have been pretty good so far. I'm a little bit behind in terms probably up to today. But I mean, I can't say we've seen a huge flood into equity since the beginning of the year.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Got you. And then just following up on expenses. When you say that you're halfway there on expenses, does that mean that essentially half of that $60 million to $80 million targeted cost, say, at run rate from Morgan Keegan had already been reflected in the results that we've seen? I just want to kind of clarify what that comment means.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. My -- I think that's where we are. And I know that CEOs, as a breed, aren't patient and I have an expression that patience is a waste of time. And so we look at that expenses and want to get at them. But I think our strategy from the very beginning was focused on retention and to let operating expenses run at a level that support the integration. So we're committed to get them out. We can't zero on them yet because frankly, we're focused on flipping the switch in mid-February and getting the integration done and making sure that goes as smoothly as possible. All of our testing shows it's going very well. But it won't go perfect, it never does us. But we anticipate it will go well. Like any new systems, we have almost 500 advisors on a totally new system on a day. We're going to have operational support just because they're not used to the system. Doesn't matter where they came from with their own people, we would have that. So we're going to be running elevated for a while, and we think there's savings there. And I know you guys want a harder quantification. We think we've gotten half and we'll get half more, but to pinpoint it, we can't yet but we're very focused on it. And after the integration, as we get through this second quarter, I think in the third quarter, we'll be doing a lot of work to position ourselves to do that.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. That's the majority debt of what we've realized has been in the Capital Markets area where we've combined the departments. As an example, on equity capital markets, hopefully your retaining most of the revenue-producing individuals. At the same time you're eliminating duplicate research analysts and financial analysts and et cetera. Some of the support level people, so both in ECM and fixed income, there's been -- that's where most of the duplicative costs have come out. So the ones that are left are primarily going to be in the PCG support and ops and IT.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. And just within investment banking, your underwriting revenues, clearly an improvement from last quarter. But let me just get your perspective on -- not an number but just kind of what the upside is to that business? I feel like there's improvement there, but you're probably still hitting well below your potential. And then clearly, we don't have a functioning IPO market at this time. So, well, just to get some perspective on kind of where we are relative to what you think is maybe the more normal level for you guys?
Paul C. Reilly: Well, that's kind of a crystal ball question. So we're either overstaffed or the markets aren't performing enough. But one or the other. So it's a measure of potential. It's very, very hard. Certainly, in a robust market, we would -- we have a lot of upside. Now the question is, "Do we really think the markets are going to turn that quickly?" So I think we've seen some improvement. Our view is December was an extremely, unusually good quarter. Almost. And that business will be better and we predict the business will be better than last year in our budgeting process. Having said that, I think we've got some cost capacity issues and we're going to have an improving market. So hopefully, over the year, will get pickups in both. But you tell me how good the market is and I can tell you how well we'll do. We're certainly impacting upside if we get a functioning equity capital markets business. But I don't see any vast improvements short-term.
Devin Ryan: Okay. And then just lastly, within your investment advisory fees, was there a meaningful performance fee within that? I know that this is a quarter where you can record performance fees or a higher number of performance fees. So I just want to get a sense of that boosted results in a little bit and how much.
Paul C. Reilly: There is nothing -- no unusual stuff like that.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Nothing this year. I think there was a small one last year.
Paul C. Reilly: I guess that's good news and bad news, right?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: Just a quick follow-up on the synergies here from Morgan Keegan, not to beat the dead horse here. But it sounds like we're pushing it out or it's going to -- start to be realized here in the fourth quarter. How should we think about the pace of those synergy realizations once we get there? Is it going to be something that we might see a lot of them accrue fairly quickly. So like in the fourth quarter and then queue on the next year? Or is it something that's going to kind of take a gradual process to actually fully realize what we have remaining? So it's more of a next fiscal year type event where we see the bulk of those kind of kick in.
Paul C. Reilly: No. I think there's 2 pieces. One is in our view we haven't pushed it out, so we've been on a schedule. I think people have always taught that we're being very conservative and people think we're going to be doing it quicker. We've been pretty consistent that through this integration process, we're going to run elevated. I think people thought there'd be more fallout. Maybe we even thought more people would leave on their own, they've stayed the course. And so, our view still is that through -- certainly the second quarter and into the third quarter, we'll be running on those levels. And then we will get at them the third quarter and fourth quarter, my guess is we will get a lot out by the fourth quarter. It may not be fully reflected until the first quarter of next year in the normal run rate. Maybe in the fourth quarter will be some of it will be reflected. So somewhere in there, but our commitment is to get the synergies out this fiscal year. I just can't tell you which quarter they're going to hit. Some of those are the efficiencies, what I call the synergies, you get over time. And I do believe either getting the Morgan Keegan advisors and the PCG side more productive, synergies and kind of cross-selling the business. The good news is, I think, we've gotten a lot of people in the other businesses a little more focused on the marketplace. One of the risks in any combination as you get a little internally focused and hopefully, we'll get a lot more of that when we get through the systems conversion and the last adjustment in the op and tech part of the business. But I think that will focus in the next year. So net-net, I think it's still a great a combination. It gives us great market position, a great platform. And it's just going to take us this year to get it done.
Christopher Harris: Okay. Great. That's helpful. A few questions then on Capital Markets. We've talked about M&A being very strong this quarter. A lot of folks are kind of predicting that this year will be very strong for M&A. Curious to get your thoughts as to how the margin in that business is affected by revenue mix? So in other words, if we get a very strong environment for M&A this year and maybe commissions aren't as robust, is that mix better for you guys from a margin perspective than maybe having the year shape out the other way where you get a stronger commission revenue and less on the M&A and underwriting?
Paul C. Reilly: They're -- the 2 assets. First, I hope they're right, and this is a record M&A year. Part of this business, too, especially when you're a research-based firm is you have a big fixed cost called research. And you are paying that whether it's over the desk commissions, whether it's underwritings or its M&A. So if you look at M&A as a pure business because it's less research-oriented or the payouts maybe a little more advantageous at some more profitable business. But if revenue goes down in one area and goes up in the other, you still have your fixed cost recover. So if you say a switching of the business from revenue, I don't think helps us a lot of. A pickup in M&A would be very, very helpful to us. So the commission payouts for salespeople are lower than M&A payouts for bankers. But we don't expect the over the desk trend of decreasing although it was up this quarter over the last year, we don't think that declining trend or over the desk commissions has been one for a while now for years. And we don't see it looming back up. But if that loomed up, our payouts are lower in that area than in some other areas. So it depends on the mix.
Christopher Harris: Okay. And then on staffing in Capital Markets. I think on the last call you guys were mentioning you were in a kind of exploratory phase of taking a look at your headcount there, and I think it was during a kind of up fairly weak period in the markets. Now that things looked to be picking up or they improved this last quarter, are you guys putting those plans on hold? Or is that something that you're still kind of monitoring at this point?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We're looking, I'd say we believe there's some structural changes in that business. If you look what's happening to over desk commissions, our people are paying you for research but we do have to make changes, whether there are a number of people or in payout. So we are still looking. Certainly, we were so busy in December, we didn't do anything but execute, and I -- and that's the better answer. But there are still some structural cost side that we have to achieve, even in -- if markets continue to be good, we've got to make some changes and we are still working on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Miller with Sidoti.
Hugh M. Miller: I guess kind of a question in the line of the recruiting environment. You guys have talked about how you feel as though the opportunities are robust. I realized December quarter is always a challenge to really bring on advisors. But just want to get a sense of kind of what's driving that strength, because from what I'm hearing with brokers, production that's been improving, overall for the industry, most firms' satisfaction levels amongst those brokers has improved and is fairly high at most firms and I've always found that, that kind of -- it makes more of a challenge to get people to make a move. So what is it that you guys are seeing that gets you confident about the recruiting environment? I mean, I know that you can gauge by home office visits, but what are you seeing now that really get the advisor to make a move?
Paul C. Reilly: Thanks, Hugh. Though it's just a study done, I forgot who it was by, of financial advisor satisfaction and that's when Edward Jones really ranked high and if you look relatively, one of the wire houses had pretty good scores. The other 2, I believe the study said 20% or plus of their FAs yet the numbers has been expected to be there within 2 years. So I wouldn't call that high satisfaction. And a lot of that was driven by premerger and I can tell you by the visits here that the biggest question most people have is that we aren't given -- getting rid of all this front money and being in a place I like to work versus being trapped at a place where I'm at for money. I mean, so, I would not call satisfaction at number of the big firms high. In fact, the survey shows just the opposite. So we continue to get 2 strong pipelines from especially 2 other firms and brokers that are very unhappy in the environment they're in. Took checks, don't like the environment, and they're looking to make the change. So now people take their time, they don't always come when they look, but our backlog of home office visits and the high-traffic volume indicates very positive momentum for us.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay, yes, I'm actually looking at that survey right here in my hand. And I think it was one firm in particular that had some 50% satisfaction where all the other ones were 70% or above. So basically, the handful of or the firm or 2 that doesn't have that satisfaction that you guys are seeing those opportunities from?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think that if you're going to look and say how many clients will be there in a few years, I think, there -- yes, there's 2 firms I think we're getting strong pipeline from. So, particularly -- so -- but we're getting -- and honestly, I think a few other things have happened for us is that the Morgan Keegan acquisition I feared would might scare people off. It's increased interest. We've rolled out some new things on our independent platforms and models and pricing that just -- which is -- got a lot of interest. And our technology news is really getting out now. We've mobilized a lot of our apps. We have advisor technology or advisor platform. And our client platform are looking at very strong reviews. And I think people will get surprised when they see us. So part of our issue is to get advisors to see what's really here. I don't think a lot of them even know what's available, and when we get them in the door, which is the test, they're very, very positively surprised. And honestly, there's only a handful of firms left that have what I call that original broker/dealer culture but the financial advisors. And I'm not saying it's good or bad, it's just different. We offer a different environment. A lot of people grew up in the environment we offer, and when they come in see that they can get paid reasonably well and competitively. They can get leading technology. They can get the culture. We get a lot of interest. So usually, we find them, we get them in the door, we get pretty good success rate. We just got to keep getting them in the door.
Hugh M. Miller: And you guys have commented on the new product, neutral compensation plan. It was supposed to be effective later this year. And we're just wondering if you really expected that to have a substantial influence on product mix and the comp ratio that in and of itself with comp ratio and retail segment or is it just kind of very modest?
Paul C. Reilly: We modeled it to be neutral. And part of it was to get the Morgan Keegan integration then we're on a different grid than we were. And though the view was just to make it simple, very transparent. And I think we have to see over time if it causes a movement in product. We can always change pricing or change the grid if there's adverse effect. We're very clear to our advisors, 2 things. That most people announced in December there's a new grid in January. We announced in January that it was effective October 1. So we give a lot of notice, we don't want to surprise advisors. And then we're very open about changes. We change it very seldomly but we tell advisors that for it to be fair -- that's to be fair to clients first, then it has to be good for them and for our shareholders. And we're very open in the communication. So -- but we modeled it to be neutral.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay, I agree. And then the last question, it was -- just with the -- within the capital market segment, you talked about some of those opportunities. So I was wondering if you could focus in a little bit with the addition of the Howe Barnes franchise and looking at the financial segment within capital markets. And your expectations there and how discussions are going with clients and companies you work with and the prospects we're seeing in improvement in that space in the coming year?
Paul C. Reilly: We -- first, we've had great retention. We've got good leadership during that Howe Barnes acquisition. It's a -- very happy with position of the client space. We're really happy as the markets stinks. I mean, bank acquisitions has not been robust. Recapitalization of prices, last year I think surprised everybody that the market just went silent. So it's picked up some. We believe there'll be consolidation will pick up so we like the people, we like the positioning. But if you look at that isolated financially since the acquisition, it wasn't the best of timing just from a pure financial standpoint. But we've got very good bankers, very good people and when that market picks up, we think we'll realize that investment.
Hugh M. Miller: Sure, sure. And then -- but are you getting any sense? Do you feel that now is you're going to potentially get that change in dynamics in the coming year or so? Or is it just a wait-and-see?
Paul C. Reilly: I think you're starting to see some movement but whether to say it's robust or not, I can't tell you. It's going to come, I don't know when.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin with Susquehanna.
Douglas Sipkin: So a question for Steve and then a retail question. With respect to the bank, obviously, I know the firm's philosophy is not to release reserves. But I mean, is it possible you would find yourself in a position where the loan growth does slow down and it sounds like that at least going to happen in the near term, but the credit quality continues to improve? I mean, how do you avoid the situation where you may have to release reserves? I mean, is that a possibility over the next couple of quarters if credit quality continues to improve?
Steven M. Raney: Good morning, Doug. Yes, that's absolutely a possibility. We can have a situation where you have no loan growth at all and we can -- we do have and then we disclose what our criticized asset levels are and then have higher reserves. Obviously than our pass-rated loans. You could have continued improvement in credit that would cause us to release reserves. And you can have a situation where, for whatever reason, in that quarter your charge-offs also exceeded your provisioning. So that can happen.
Paul C. Reilly: I think that the key thing to remember is that the reserves are loans specific. You would say it's bad news when you get the criticized loan to pay off, it's good news, too. But the problem is you have to release that reserve and there's no choice. So we don't do general reserve releases when loans pay off. You have to release that specific reserve.
Douglas Sipkin: Yes. Okay. Because I mean effectively it looks like that took place this quarter, right? Because you did have pretty nice loan growth and as you indicated, it was more on the C&I side, so that has a higher upfront provision. So if that didn't happen, obviously it did, but if didn't happen, you probably would have had a negative number.
Steven M. Raney: That -- no, that is correct. That's right. I would say probably -- just if you isolated just the loan growth itself, our provision expense is probably $2.5 million or virtually all of what -- a big chunk of what our actual provisioning was related to loan growth. Now behind that, there was a lot of noise, upgrades, downgrades, sales of criticized loans and the likes. So...
Paul C. Reilly: Sixth or seventh. Maybe it's seventh and 1.5. Yes. Wait a minute.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: 1.5 and 406 to go.
Steven M. Raney: Well, we had $2.5 million in all categories of just loan growth. I mean, it was not just incorporated. So...
Paul C. Reilly: But that sounds a lot. I agree with that.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. That's helpful. And then second question as it relates to the private client. Obviously, you guys have been tremendously successful, early adopters of managed products, fee-based models. I mean, as you bring on the Morgan Keegan advisors to one platform I'm just trying to get a sense, whole company, how much more room is there obviously at the broker advisors discretion to move to a greater population of your retail franchise to those managed account fee-based models versus the historic traditional commission based model?
Paul C. Reilly: They are if you look at their productivity, it's about 15%, 14% lower than our employee productivity. And a lot of that is the percentage of fee-based models. And we think over time, they will move there. Now we don't tell advisors they have to use our product or they have to use the platform. So we go through both education which they are already attending on the products and on management of portfolio. And yes, over time, we think that my guess is they will move up there, because they'll see it's good for them or it's good for their clients. And so, we believe we'll get the room on those advisors, that they will catch up. But that's not overnight, that's over a year or 2, we think they'll -- we all get there.
Douglas Sipkin: And just a follow-up on that, have you guys had internal studies to sort of show how much more profitable over a cycle, over some measurement period that type of account is for Raymond James versus the traditional?
Paul C. Reilly: Actually in some cases, it's less profitable. If you get somebody that has a new issue oriented or pretty heavy trading volume, that's probably the most profitable, especially when you add margin to the overall complexion of the analysis. The philosophy behind fee-based for us early on is to put the advisor in the same basis as the client as their comp and their success went up and down with the client. So it wasn't really driven by profit. And we're a short over a cycle, which relates much more philosophy in putting the client first. Having said that, the steady markets means a steady income for the advisor. But as Tom pointed out, that as someone is the -- you have a client that would like to trade a lot you have a lot of activity that can generate a lot of commission revenue. So, and we wanted to avoid that kind of mindset, too, where people are focused on trading versus advising. So a lot of that drive in the early adoption with the philosophical adoption.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you so it's really...
Paul C. Reilly: Assets that you can actually handle. And you can find a lot of our financial advisors with $0.25 billion assets now with a small team of support. And that's happened because of the asset management services platform that we have, and you were quite what correct in pointing out that over time, because of the support we give people not in putting individual investments, but in teaching them how to use professional management has a levering capability to build their annuity business. You will see over extended period of time that they will adopt it just because it's easier for them and better for the client as Paul said.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. Great. And then just one final, I know you guys provided a lot of detail on interest-rate sensitivity. I'm assuming no change in sort of the pro forma impact, obviously rates would have to go up for that to happen. But you guys still comfortable with sort of the interest rate guidance that you provided in the past in the rising rate scenario?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. Haven't changed much in the last quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: That's correct. We're just waiting for them to go up. But we're so -- and as the government get to the interest rate management business, we think we will see some benefit.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
Neil Stratton: This is actually Neil filling in for Bill. My first question is you earlier mentioned record productivity for the advisors. Is there a particular metric you focus on here?
Paul C. Reilly: Their trailing 12 productions. What they were producing over the last 12 months.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You'll find if you try to compare that across, everybody calculates it's just a little bit differently. They include or exclude trainees or people that have only been with them in a short time, et cetera, et cetera. We don't count people until they've been with us for a year so we can hire some significant producers and they won't factor into that number for a year. But that just shows a manifestation of the people that we hired in the past.
Paul C. Reilly: We measure it consistently, and it is a record and this will continue to go up. So I think it is a reflection of more productivity for advisors.
Neil Stratton: And my final question, can you provide any color on the other revenue line? It saw a nice sequential pick up this quarter?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Again, it would have to do with that proprietary capital where were we consolidate. That's also why you saw a net deduct from earnings related to noncontrolling interest. It had to do with the consolidation of our merchant banking fund, which had a significant valuation adjustment in the quarter, and some -- the majority of which does not belong to us. Which is why it came out to noncontrolling interest.
Paul C. Reilly: So it's the net.
Operator: And there are no further audio questions at this time.
Paul C. Reilly: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone joining the call. Again, we're still committed to the integration. I know people are really trying to focus on the synergies to get the numbers are. We're focus on the conversion, retaining advisors. And the synergies, the cost efficiencies will come. But again, I would tell you that they will be late in the year which is probably our target unless we have a perfect conversion. But I haven't seen one of those yet. But we're -- we feel like it'll go very, very well. So thank you for your time, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-10-26 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jodi, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Raymond James Quarterly Analyst Call. [Operator Instructions] To the extent that Raymond James makes forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory proceedings and other similar matters, a variety of factors, many of which beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is available on raymondjames.com and sec.gov. In addition to those factors, in connection with the Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance, difficulty integrating Raymond James and Morgan Keegan's businesses or realizing the projected benefits of this transaction, the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth, changes in the capital markets and diversion of management time or integration-related issues. To the extent, Raymond James discusses non-GAAP results, the reconciliation to GAAP is available on raymondjames.com and the earnings release issued yesterday. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Reilly, Chief Executive Officer of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you, Jodi. Good morning, everyone. After the release, a lot of people asked me how I felt, and despite fighting a cold and economic, political and regulatory uncertainty, I feel pretty good. The -- I think it's important because there's a lot of what I called noise in the quarter, with so much going on within the firm and the integration as the first, put the quarter in perspective. This was a record quarter in revenue and in earnings, and sure, you could say, well, part of that was Morgan Keegan. That certainly aided. But if you took Morgan Keegan out in the related costs of the acquisition and integration, it still would have been a record quarter in revenue and earnings. So I think that if you look -- it was a very solid quarter in terms of operating, much of the beat we recognized, as you have, was from a tax rate benefit driven by COLI, which Jeff will talk a little bit later. But it was a good operational quarter. And in this environment, especially with the integration going on, we feel very good about it. There is a lot of things happening on the cost side, as you've noticed, and we will talk about in some of the segments, especially in Jeff's part. We do have, as we've told you, increased technology spend. We've been very focused in elevating the platform for our financial advisors and our individual clients, which has gone very, very well. But on top of that, we've had the integration with Morgan Keegan. And while we're integrating the Morgan Keegan system, we've made some upgrades to our back-office system, because we would have had to do them twice. And that has elevated technology spend. And we've also used a lot of consultants, which has elevated technology spend, with the philosophy that once the integration is over, the consultants can leave and the operating people will still be here. So you see much of that going through the system, which will be here for a while as we go through the integration. There is some onetime charges. We'll talk about them. There's some allocation changes as we move people, align departments. We've moved some people from MK and RJ, and we've kept people in MK in the broker dealer. There are pieces that move around. So it makes comparisons, sometimes quarter-to-quarter or business to business, a little difficult as we get through the integration. One message that we kept on is that we wanted to err on the side of keeping our service high. Anecdotally, I was at operation managers' dinner last night, and I just went from group to group asking how service was since we announced the Morgan Keegan integration. And everyone said it's been very, very high, that they haven't noticed any declination [ph] in service. And I think that's the result why we've continued with high retention rates, both in legacy Raymond James and Morgan Keegan, and that has been our strategy. So we know the costs are high through this integration process. It's been part of our strategy. And given this environment, I think we've had it -- we had good revenue for the quarter. Maybe more importantly, as we position the platform, record assets under administration at $390 billion, record assets under management at $43 billion, should bode well moving forward. We do have some market tailwinds coming into the quarter, especially in our Private Client Group. In our advance billings, we went in with a 3.3% drag with the S&P 500 down. We moved in with a tailwind with 5.8% increase in the S&P, really helping us start our next quarter. So all in all, I'm really proud of the management team. It's difficult running and focusing on a business while integrating a company at the same time, and I give them very high marks for doing that. So far, so good. We still have a long way to go to complete the integration, and I'll speak a little bit more of that in a minute. PCG group. I'll talk to a few factors, and Jeff will talk to some of the costs. Revenue up despite going into that headwinds, with the S&P down, moving into the quarter. You can see growth really in our account servicing fees. We're slowly moving Morgan Keegan into some of our cost structure. But most of the benefits on the revenue side, on the omnibus platform, on marketing fees with our mutual funds and other things. Although we're getting some, almost most of that will happen after the integration of the PCG platforms in February. Technology costs are probably the big costs of this sector, and I'll let Jeff go through that. And I describe kind of some of the issues that are hitting us in that, and I leave it for that. The other area I wanted to comment was on the financial advisor headcount reduction, as you noticed on the schedules. And that's really driven more than 100% on the net number by a reduction of low-end producing Morgan Keegan FAs, who have exited the system. For example, there's a group of 30 that average 136,000 in trailing 12s. I mean, there are people that -- good people that just weren't meeting the standards. We had 4 retirements and one death, where we kept the book. So if you look at who's left, it's really been the lower-end producing MK financial advisors. Our retention on those who were offered retention agreements is close to 96%, so we're feeling very, very good that the people that we targeted to keep are staying. Our HOV, which we call our home office visits, those are recruits coming into the office, are increasing, continuing to increase both in our employee and our independent contractors divisions. So we feel very good about the recruiting pipeline, especially a very high-end producer. So I think that the Morgan Keegan combination has resulted in a lot more interest than our overall platforms. People recognize that maybe a little bit more of what we're accomplishing. The other difficult segment to really read through for this quarter is the Capital Markets segment, as we titled it, "The Tale of Two Cities." The Equity Capital Markets business has been difficult since really the meltdown of the European markets last September. This quarter, our Investment Banking revenues were down. Actually, securities commissions were up some, but if you look at the whole tracking of the institutional business, it's in decline. When you gain -- we've been gaining market share but certainly not enough to offset the overall decline in commissions over the desk as more and more, not only is volume going down, but the percentage going electronic and ETF is going up. On top of that, in a tough market, if you look at Howe Barnes, who we acquired right before this -- the Morgan Keegan. In Morgan Keegan, we've added substantially to our support, to our banking and our research staff during that period of time. So as the market has gone down, we have grown. So that has put a lot of pressure on our results in Equity Capital Markets and something we're just looking to rationalize and see where we think the markets will head and where we're positioned. On the flip side, the Fixed Income has done very good. If you look, overall, it's interesting the commissions are slightly down, doing some right-sizing really last quarter, as we continued to -- last quarter, we did our adjustments in our sales and trading group but our trading profits are solid. The group is very strong. Management has come together. We love the platform. And it's been very, very consistent. And so it's made up much of the decline we saw in Equity Capital Markets. Our Public Finance group was off on the quarter due to a very, very slow July as we told you in the operating statistics. But since July, we've had a series of very strong months and very good backlog in our Public Finance fields. And we're very, very comfortable where that business is also. So we have the equity side of the business struggling and the Fixed Income, Public Finance side of the business doing very, very well. On the Asset Management side, we continue to have steady growth, good net inflows. As you've read in our releases, we've had an addition of several teams -- a strong, seasoned, the small and mid-cap team has joined Eagle. And also, we announced the purchase agreement of a large minority interest in ClariVest, the $3 billion asset manager, which will help us in our strategies in the large cap space. We've said we've been open to looking out for the large cap manager in international space. We'll continue to look a little less aggressively. If we find someone, we will continue to add opportunities in Eagle, but we are making progress on our acquisition strategies as we have mentioned before. There's a lot of information on the bank. We just had a great quarter on the bank, driven -- again, we have great loan growth for the year and a good credit quality. And we benefited from a lower provision this quarter. But great quarter and great year for the bank, and you've got a lot of operating statistics in there, so I won't really go into too much detail, but very, very comfortable where the bank is headed. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Jeff. I know you're going to have a lot of questions. So Jeff, why don't you go ahead and address some of the items?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Okay. I think most of the comments I've read from all of you this morning, that have written about us already, have been pretty much right on with how we view the quarter. It was really kind of a confluence of goods and bads and highs and lows for the quarter, and in some ways, for the year as well. I mean, on the positive side of the ledger, we certainly would have the bank, as Paul just mentioned, which had -- has had consecutive record quarters and, by far, a record year. Fixed Income for the last 6 months since the integration is performing about as well as one could expect, given the massive task of integrating 2 fairly sizable businesses and trying to right-size that. There's probably still a little bit more of that to go. But certainly, for the fourth quarter, they performed every bit in line with our expectations. Proprietary Capital, for the last 6 months, has certainly been a pleasant surprise as we've -- in both quarters, to our interest, had a $5 million type profit recognized in that segment. And certainly, this most recent quarter, the tax rate benefited, which I'll talk about in a second. So overall, very positive elements. But there were also some negative elements. Equity Capital Markets continues to be a difficult business. As Paul mentioned, I'll talk about our comp ratio, which we view as a higher than -- it should be and higher than it will be in the future. And certainly, IT costs, as we've made some of these investments, which, again, I'll talk about. So with that, let me talk in some detail about a couple of things, in no particular order. With respect to the tax rate, we've used the reasoning with the COLI in the past. Typically, we've had to use it when we've had down markets, and it's possible [ph]  To have an exceptionally high tax rate. Well, it's nice to know it does work in our favor as well. We have around $150 million block of corporate and life insurance that -- which gains and losses do not impact taxes. So this case, we have to kind of predict every quarter where we think COLI is going to go. And at the end of June, when the market was coming off a 3.3% decline that quarter, we kind of projected COLI would be flat to slightly down from that level for the year and pegged our rate accordingly. And of course, when you do that, it just does the opposite, then it rocketed up in the fourth quarter. So we had a lot of tax-free gains on the COLI, which is -- there's some other items going back and forth but that was, by far, the main driver. And obviously, it helped overall for the year to some extent as well. The comp ratio has a lot of moving parts in it. Now we did have -- we recognized this year and mostly in the fourth quarter over $10 million of what I'd call non-recurring items, things like a catch-up expense on some benefit plan accruals, some -- and FLSA internal review, to catch up on that to avoid any kind of -- it's the Fair Labor Standards Act, in terms of catching people up on past over time, et cetera. So those type of things should not be recurring going forward. And most of that hit the PCG segment, which caused that segment to show a poor margin than we would have expected. The level of comp in Equity Capital Markets, when they're having poor revenue times, is obviously going to be higher, it has a big overhead base in that area. So to the extent that revenues recover, that should normalize that comp level over time. IT is still very heavy. Remember, we're still running 2 systems, and a lot of that's in people count. Some of it's in systems -- the systems line but a lot of it is in people headcount where Morgan Keegan still run their Phase 3 system and all the support related to that. So we still have a lot of what I'll call, future synergy in the IT area, some in the headcount. Fixed Income and Private Client Group are probably still running heavy. And Fixed Income, as Paul mentioned, did some right-sizing at the very end of September on some of the sales and trading areas and some of the support areas. And we started to do a little bit more of that in some of the other PCG support areas as well. But most of that won't be recognized until post the integration in February. So when I look at all this together and look at our businesses going forward, I think mid-60s is still our target and still achievable as a comp ratio. Again, that includes the high comp level associated with independent contractors. But most of the remaining synergy savings are going to be -- will be headcount reductions and IT ops, other support areas, post integration, so that will help drive down the comp at that time. I'll talk on net interest for a second. It's interesting it increased every quarter this fiscal year, despite the fact that we incurred a lot more corporate debt in connection with the Morgan Keegan acquisition. And that's mainly on the heels of the bank's growth which, as we mentioned already, had a -- by far, a record year. They didn't -- we still have the same dynamic. I don't need to go into -- with respect to when interest rates rise, so we're still looking forward to those days. Proprietary Capital, I mentioned, the difference this quarter versus last quarter is that last quarter, the writeup was in an investment where we had a fairly minor interest. So the -- it's a consolidated entity, however, so we had a very large revenue and a large, non-controlling interest charge to reflect that part that we did not own. This quarter, the writeup was in one that we're accounting for on, I'll call it, the equity method or investment method, where it's all to our interest. So it's same amount of writeup basically, net to our interest, but one larger revenue and then minority interest in this one, the revenue and straight to the bottom line. No minority interest. IT costs. We've talked about -- there's a number of things going on in that area. The headcount is certainly one [ph]  From running 2 systems, but they're also -- some of the initiatives that we've had under way for the year are regulatory in nature. Cost basis is probably the biggest regulatory project that we've got going on as do -- does everyone in the industry. We also have other regulatory reporting efforts under way. There's unfortunately no capitalization involved or anything else with those type of projects. It's just regulatory necessity. We also have spent quite a bit this year on improvement of the advisor desktop, a system we call Advisor Access, and other enhancements to stay competitive, maybe doing a little bit of catch-up in that regard but to remain competitive with the competition out there, so as not to impact recruiting and our ability to service FAs and clients. ROEs. We don't put that in the press release we make going forward. For the quarter, our GAAP ROE was 10.4% versus last quarter's 9.8% and last year's 10.7%. So all hovering around the 10% level. On a non-GAAP basis which, this year, excludes the acquisition and integration costs and, in the prior year, would exclude the auction rate securities charges was -- for this quarter was 12.6% versus 11.5% last quarter and only 10.2% last year, when we -- was a very rough quarter. If you remember, the U.S. downgrade, the market was in a tailspin last year, September quarter. So from that perspective, it was a little easier comparison. And more importantly for the overall fiscal year, our ROE on a GAAP basis was 9.7% versus 11.3% last year. Again, that's on a GAAP basis. We had higher integration charges than we did auction rate securities charges. But a better comparison is the non-GAAP number, which was 11.2% this year versus 12.2% in the prior year. Paul mentioned we would have had a record year of even ex-Morgan Keegan. The real -- the whole reason for the decline in ROEs, we had more E [ph] between earnings. And the stock offering we did to consummate the acquisition added $360 million to equity. So we're running about the -- still in that 11% to 12% ROE range on an operating basis. I have a couple other things that you all have asked in the past. I thought I would just get that out on the table. People ask about the commission breakdown in our line item. I've tried to look at -- I've looked at the last 6 months, which is the period we've had Morgan Keegan, and try to give a rough approximation of how the commission line -- commission and fee line breaks down. It's roughly 80% Private Client Group, 13% Fixed Income and 7% Equity, is about what it is over that period. That's going to bounce around from period to period, but that's effectively the breakdown as it stands now. The other one that you've asked about is the Investment Banking line. Again, looking at the last 6 months when we've had Morgan Keegan and their significant Public Finance effort, it's been about 40% equity underwriting, 25% M&A, 25% public finance and 10% tax credit funds are the 4 components of that line. Again, 40% equity underwriting, 25% M&A, 25% public finance and 10% tax credit funds. So those are your constructing models going forward. We get asked a lot about client asset mix. We have -- and again, an approximation, this bounces around. But where we stand today, on our client assets, we don't have as good information into the Morgan Keegan system as we do the RJ. But we'd suspect they're fairly similar. Our client assets are 300-plus billion is approximately 50% equity and this looking through mutual funds to what they're actually holding. It's about 50% equity, it's about 35% Fixed Income and about 15% cash alternative investments, real estate, everything else. Cash levels are probably in the 11% to 12% range right now, so not much of the other. At the same time, sometimes I'm asked, and I try to tell what's in the asset managed segments, in terms of how sensitive are those to the equity markets. In terms of the managed portion of our assets, the $43 billion, it's about 70% equity and 30% Fixed Income, which is probably as high a Fixed Income component as it's ever been and are -- because we've had our roots as an equity shop and still are mostly known as that. In the non-managed portfolio, the rest of the fee-based assets that you see that we talked about, it's about -- it's similar, it's about -- as a client breakdown, it's about 50% equity, 30% Fixed Income and 15% cash and 5% these others. So not much different than the overall client breakdown, but that gives you some idea of our sensitivity to the equity markets. Obviously, we had a good market in the September quarter. So our billing base will be substantially higher -- was substantially higher on 10/1 than it was on 7/1  going forward. Back to the current year, I tried to do an analysis extracting all the revenues and expenses associated with Morgan Keegan out of our numbers to see what our true increase would have been for the year, and it's -- I would say revenues, ex all the Morgan Keegan, were up about 2.5% for the year. Legacy Raymond James expenses were up a little less than that, about 2.3% to 2.4%, which would have meant the non-GAAP pre-tax was up about 12% for the year, which is a pretty good, good result, given we had some of the higher IT spend, not much help from Equity Capital Markets, and some of the other factors I mentioned. So a lot of facts and figures, but that's sort of where we ended up for the quarter and the year.
Paul C. Reilly: One last comment and I'll open it for questions, is that in terms of the integration, we continue to be on schedule. We've stayed ahead on retention. So our targets, I'm very confident we're going to be able to get our operating synergies down on the cost side, that's going to be after conversion. So we're slating for our final conversion in February. There's probably 90 days to get operationally stable and through it all. So we're going to be -- we'll be able to lower some of our costs in between. But I think the great bulk of that is going to happen during that post-integration time frame. But I'm confident that we're on track. I'm confident they're there. And if we can keep the people, it would be a great story. And so far, so good. So with that, Jodi, why don't we open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You're first question comes from the line of Chris Harris from Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: So I know there's a lot of noise going on this quarter, a lot of moving parts you guys addressed, I guess, a lot them in the prepared commentary there. Just trying to get a sense on the cost side of things. Paul, you mentioned the majority of the savings to come, I guess, after you integrate. And I'm just kind of curious, right now, you guys are running about $180 million or so of non-comp expense backing out provision and adjustments. Just kind of curious as to where you think that number can go, as you guys start to integrate the platform.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Chris, it's Jeff. I'll remind you that a lot of the future synergy is going to be in the comp line. And non-comp might -- it will probably trend a little lower than that, as we get rid of some of the system and platform duplication that we've got, some of the contracts that are in place that we won't have any more, et cetera. But...
Paul C. Reilly: Think of most people [ph] .
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. And most of the synergy, to date and remaining, is going to be in the comp line.
Christopher Harris: Okay. Are you guys still budgeting for that $50 million to $80 million target? I mean, I guess you've already realized some of that but...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I'd say we've probably realized maybe 1/4 of it and a lot of it was in Equity Capital Markets, where we kept the revenue-producing units and -- et cetera. But even the people we've kept there, we haven't had the best of markets to realize the production. So that hasn't really resulted in a synergy. Even though we had quite a bit of headcount reduction in the Equity Capital Markets area, we haven't had the revenues that historically have been there.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Our estimates haven't changed, Chris. We're pretty confident they're there, and it's just -- we're going to have to get through integration to realize them all.
Christopher Harris: Okay. All right, fair enough. And a few questions then on the bank. Nice step-down in provision expense in the quarter. You guys are at 181 basis points now, your allowance ratio. Just wondering where you guys are comfortable taking that ratio, assuming credit continues to do well here.
Steven M. Raney: Chris, it's Steve Raney. Yes, you saw that it trended down just slightly. We're actually trying to grow loans and adding to provision accordingly. That said, we've had a pretty benign last 18 months or so in terms of credit. In terms of that ratio, it could come down slightly, but it's not going to come down materially. So we're really watching that closely. We're very comfortable of having quite a bit of coverage in terms of our total allowance to our non-performers. You see that's about 138% right now. We like to have that level of cushion in our credit portfolio. But it could come down a little bit, but not materially.
Christopher Harris: Okay, Steven. And then while I have you, maybe a quick one on the NIM, and then I'll let others get in here. Pretty big step-down this quarter. I mean, I guess that's similar with pretty much every other bank. What are you guys seeing NIM going over the course of the next year or so?
Steven M. Raney: Yes. Chris, just to clarify, it was down 14 basis points for the quarter. About half of that was attributable to -- we had about $150 million more in cash balances that obviously impact the NIM but don't negatively impact our net interest and bottom line. So about half of that 14-basis-point reduction was related to additional cash balances we had. And the rest was just across the whole loan portfolio. We -- as you know, we introduced this securities-based loan product earlier in the year, back in February. That product has about a 300-basis-point net interest margin. We want to grow that business. It's a very low-risk business, but it is a lower net interest margin business. And we have had some very small reductions in NIM in our corporate and our residential portfolio. That being said, moving forward, I would say maybe compared to the 355 basis points in NIM, it's something in the 340 to 350 range. So not a material drop for the next 12 months, but maybe -- it will come down maybe slightly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Miller with Sidoti & Company.
Hugh M. Miller: Certainly appreciate the insights you guys have given us on kind of the exposure to the equity markets. As you talked about kind of a 50% exposure with the retail client assets to equities, can you just talk about how that compares historically? Have you taken a look there to see what -- has that really changed much in the last several years?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Well, I can only give you an anecdotal. I mean, we didn't have the same ability to look through mutual funds and sort them out as we do today on an automated basis. I would say it's probably down, I would guess, probably 10 percentage points from historic levels versus the client allocations in the past. I think the world has gotten a little bit more conservative here in their investing strategies, but that's just anecdotal. I was a little surprised. I thought it'd be a little higher than 50 even now, but that's how it shook out.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And I mean, how much of a factor do you guys feel or are you getting any feedback from clients about the November elections, the fiscal cliff? Is that really playing a substantial factor in their aversion to equities? Or what do you guys think has to happen in order for there to be potential rebalance of allocations?
Paul C. Reilly: Hugh, I think it's just overall confidence. And all those add into it, whether it's Europe, fiscal cliff, the elections, governmental policy, direction, regulation. I mean, there's just not a high degree of confidence that we're heading somewhere, and people are risk-averse.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: There's one more uncertainty that will be removed in a few weeks.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. But a few to be added even when that one is removed until we see what happens so...
Steven M. Raney: It may add a few more.
Paul C. Reilly: It's going to take a while. So we may get some euphoria after an election with one result or another. But I think people are going to settle down and say, "What does that mean until Congress convenes?" So...
Steven M. Raney: We aren't having -- we aren't advocating that people make election [indiscernible] at this point.
Hugh M. Miller: And I know that the majority of your fee-based accounts are booked in the prior quarter. But we did see a kind of a pickup in September in average daily commissions that were -- it's a little higher than what I would have expected. Anything in particular? I assume, given the higher exposure within the PCG side, but was there any -- to those types of commissions. But anything in particular that was kind of driving that rise in September?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: There's 2 general factors for us. One is, it's after summer. So September is usually better than the summer months. And secondly, it's our year-end. And I think that people work hard to close out their books and positions and -- so we'll get a lot of -- they qualify for clubs and levels and -- so they work really hard in the month to close out the year well, and they probably work harder. So I think that if you look overall, it was a -- it wasn't record month on a daily basis, but it was much better than the previous 2 months.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And last question I had was just with regards to some of the commentary you guys have made about consideration of cost structure within kind of the cash equities business, just given what you guys referred to as both cyclical and structural changes in there. Can you just delve in a little bit further about -- to what extent you would consider making an adjustment there and any types of things that you guys have talked about and what you would consider changing?
Paul C. Reilly: No. We're still early going. But I mean, if you just look at the market that the -- if you look at the over-the-desk commissions were down. And that's how we get paid. We're a research-based firm. So we have high costs, and it's just -- you got to rationalize either what people get paid, how much cost you structure, how you -- just how you look at that whole thing. So we're examining it, because we believe that part of it is cyclical, but part of it's structural. And we're just taking a look at it now so...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Jeff, sorry if I missed it already, but can you walk me through the comp dynamic again this quarter? So I guess your point on the comp rate being higher because of kind of slower Equity Capital Market activity. But I guess, when I look at last quarter, $736,000 and just in dollar terms, went to $745,000 this quarter. Commissions were kind of flat. Everything else out of Investment Banking were kind of flattish as well. So can you just explain, I guess, what drove the sequential increase in comp, dollar terms?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. A couple of things. We had some onetime charges, as I mentioned, about $10 million of them. Most of which hit in this fourth quarter, which probably makes up your difference right there. But there are other things as well. As we continue to work on these IT projects, some of the hiring we do comes in the form of contractors, which actually gets into the comp line. The consultants don't, but contractors do. So we've actually added headcount in IT to keep some of these projects alive, that I mentioned some of the regulatory, some of the advisor desktop, et cetera. Not much, that's a small quarter-to-quarter but still an item. So it was predominantly right-sizing of all the incentive comp pools -- it happens at year-end. That's an exercise around the firm, as well as these onetime charges probably between quarter-to-quarter, probably makes the difference.
Alexander Blostein: Got you, that's helpful. And then I guess, looking at the entire expense line for the quarter, 930 [ph]. You're saying you guys are already running about 20%, 25% of your targeted cost saves, kind of in the numbers. So it's sort of -- kind of in the run rate. Can you give us, I guess, an update? What's -- how much is left? But also most importantly, when you think about extra cost that the business is incurring right now, aside from Morgan Keegan, so whether it's travel, which is I guess something you guys talked about last quarter, some of these contractors, IT-related stuff. It just feels like there's more running through the total expense line right now than what's kind of implied in your ultimate savings. Is there a way to size that?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Let us address that. Let me go back to your first -- your other question real quick. One more -- one other thing that impacted quarter-to-quarter on the comp, the Morgan Keegan retention packages, which were delivered in April and May, the amortization of those started July 1. That's about $5 million a quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: And those aren't onetime.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Those unfortunately will be recurring or fortunately, but those will be recurring. But that was just looking quarter-to-quarter. That was the additional $5 million increase, not a onetime charge.
Alexander Blostein: Okay. And just I guess on the -- on any other costs that are flowing through that will eventually go away?
Paul C. Reilly: It's hard for us to say. We've told you for several quarters that we're going to have higher technology spend here for some time. And we certainly lived up to that. Some of these costs [indiscernible] systems, et cetera, aside from Morgan Keegan. We'll finish some of the projects we have in process. I don't know if that means the cost will go away, because some of the capitalized projects you start -- then realize the amortization of those through your P&L. And we'll have other projects that need addressing. So I don't know that we can say that there's a lot of fat in the base level of expenses outside of the comp expense at this point in time. I don't know, Paul, maybe...
Paul C. Reilly: No. I think the ongoing IT is a little heavy. But I mean -- after the cost savings. But it's -- we do have an elevated IT investment that we'll be seeing really for a few years. And we've talked about that way before the Morgan Keegan acquisition that, that's up. So that run rate is up. It's just accentuated this quarter by a number of the things Jeff has talked about, some adjustments, some allocations and the consultant cost. So...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I don't see that occupancy or business development or some of the other expenses really. I think they're in the approximately the right rate for where we are, inclusive of Morgan Keegan, and obviously, have more people going on trips and things like that.
Paul C. Reilly: That will slow down.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. But I don't see a lot of, like I said, trimming to do in the non-comp expense area beyond some of the IT.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. There's a lot of costs that are honestly hard to quantify that you go through in these integrations, for example, we've had almost 60 Morgan Keegan office people here for 5 weeks being trained on all of our systems. We've had all their operations people being trained for 3 days this week and then joining our operations as managers running [ph] the new system. So you do get some elevated costs through this integration process that will go away but the...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think there might be a little help in occupancy. We right-sized 5 or 6 Equity Capital Market offices around the country already. Now we've taken some of those charges through the non-recurring, as we have either abandoned or subleased some space or whatever. But we won't have that occupancy expense for some of those going forward. I don't know how big a lift that is, but that may be fairly minor. And I don't think there's much of that, if any, in the PCG side post integration to come. So we do have a new data center going in, in Colorado that will increase occupancy a little bit. But I think, by and large, the expenses are at about the right level outside of comp for the current level of operations.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. I know it's difficult. So I guess -- throw out the number there. So I appreciate all the additional color. One more from me on the bank. Clearly, you've a good growth there. Have you guys talked at all about, I guess, how you're thinking about growth in the bank heading into next year? Should we think about the loan portfolio growing roughly at the same rate? Can you accelerate some of that? Have you seen incremental opportunities in certain parts of the market? Or is that -- should be, I guess, pretty similar to what it's been this year?
Steven M. Raney: It's Steve Raney. A couple of things. Since this last fiscal year, reminding you that back earlier that year, we closed on the Canadian portfolio. We also closed in July on a $185-million purchase of the legacy Region's securities-based loans. We had a couple of non-recurring events that helped catapult our growth during fiscal '12. That said, we are being opportunistic in trying to grow the loan portfolio organically this year, kind of across the whole spectrum, our corporate lending, our mortgage banking business and securities-based lending. I would -- I think that we're -- to the extent that the market is available, we're not going off into any new businesses or any new ventures at all, so we're going to stick to our core businesses. But we'd love to be able to grow the bank high single digits, low double digits, call it 8% to 12% over the next fiscal year. So that's what we're targeting right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan from Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: Just want to get your perspective on acquisition opportunities in the Private Client space, just as regulatory costs rise and in smaller firms, I think, continue to get squeezed. They just don't have the same economies of scale that you guys do. So essentially, maybe outlook and even appetite, given an outlook.
Paul C. Reilly: Well, right now, we're fairly busy digesting our latest venture here. I think that there'll be opportunities for small firms. We -- the -- as the regulatory burden comes up, it's going to be hard for people to be small broker dealers. They can go into the RIA space. There's lots of opportunities to change business for advisors. But there'll be -- we are interested in organic growth or in this acquisition, I think Morgan Keegan was a rare opportunity. There's a couple of mid-sized firms. We'd love their business. If they became available, either in the independent space or the employee space, we'd love to have them as part of the family. But there's smaller kind of -- maybe smaller kind of acquisitions. But right now, they're not. And -- but there aren't -- if you go through the list, there aren't a whole bunch of them. And there are a lot of firms that are also in business, just have different products in space. We're not big in variable annuities. We're not big in closed-end funds and things that firms -- some firms do. And we don't do them. So if you look at the people that do business the way we do, there's a handful we'd like. But there's not a ton of them. And if they became available, we'd love them to join us. But I think that a lot of them may stay private or stay their own way, unless the regulatory pressure or succession dictates [indiscernible].
Devin Ryan: Got you, okay. And then from a modeling perspective, how should we think about the ClariVest results? And then are you planning on consolidating that business? Or I guess, how should we think about modeling it?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That will be consolidated. So there's some additional non-controlling interests to come there. We're acquiring 45% of it as the release said and then manage about $3 billion, mainly in the large cap space.
Devin Ryan: Great. And then, I apologize if I missed this. But did you give the specifics on what drove the $10 million in onetime comp charges? And then just additionally, on comp again, just to beat the dead horse, I'm just trying to figure out the numbers here. And based on the commentary, if you're going to assume that the $60 million to $80 million of expense saved, are the majority still yet to come? Then I'm estimating that the comp expenses may be elevated by another $10 million to even up at $15 million higher, just related to that Morgan Keegan -- the elevated Morgan Keegan expenses. So I just want to make sure that I'm kind of thinking about things, maybe just in the right ballpark. And then secondly, just give us some detail on the onetime $10 million this quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It wasn't all this quarter. It was over the last 2 quarters. But most of it was this quarter. We had a -- we did an internal Fair Labor Standards Act analysis around our entire firm. So we weren't subject to any penalties, et cetera, in the -- by the DOL or anyone else, when they look at that at a later date, which caused us back  overtime pay off about -- over $2 million around the entire firm, most of it in the IT ops areas where most of the clerical-level employees are and some in the branches. So -- but most of it was in the PCG area. Another one was the $5 million catch-up charge for some of our deferred plans, where people had reached retirement age and aren't subject to forfeiture anymore. And that was in the fourth quarter. Those were the 2 biggest things, and there were some little true-ups around the firm. To your second point, I think, your -- I would expect that your number, hopefully, is light, that we -- like I said, I think we're probably 1/4 of the way, at least, in the September numbers. We severed 30 people at the very end of September, so that hasn't been reflected in this yet in terms of any comp savings. But probably 20% of the, what I'll call, the synergy expenses have already been incurred through the integration of ECM and the beginning of integration in Fixed Income. And like we said, when the rest of it happens, it's going to be primarily in comp.
Devin Ryan: Yes. And my numbers were on a -- I was talking on a quarterly basis, not annualized, as well.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. So I mean, I would hope that -- yes, I hope comp is inflated by more than your $10 million to $15 million, post integration.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you, Jodi. Thank you, all, for joining us this morning. Again, I think it was a very good quarter, given everything was going on in a tough market. And it reflects all the work we're doing and a lot of work left. So I appreciate your time this morning, and we'll talk to you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's Raymond James quarterly analyst call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-07-27 08:15:00) =====
Operator: To the extent that Raymond James makes forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory proceedings and other similar matters, a variety of factors, many of which are beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2011 annual report on Form 10-K, which is available on raymondjames.com and sec.gov. In addition to those factors, in connection with the Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance: difficulty integrating Raymond James and Morgan Keegan's businesses, or realizing the projected benefits of the transaction; the inability to sustain revenue; in earnings growth; changes in the capital markets; and diversion of management time on integration-related issues. Thank you, I will now turn the call over to Paul Reilly, CEO.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, this is Jeff Julien. Before Paul jumps on here, I'd just like to make one further statement. In this press release, and throughout our conversation here, we mention some non-GAAP results. We have, in the full text of the press release, done a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results. For those of you don't have the full press release, it's available either through EDGAR on the 8-K we filed or on our own corporate website, so you can see that reconciliation if you'd like.
Paul C. Reilly: Great. Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, this is Paul Reilly. I want to start off saying we're actually pleased with the quarterly results, and I know it's difficult kind of following given the combination. And it's very difficult actually separating the legacy Morgan Keegan businesses and the legacy Raymond James business because we went through in the process of combining especially in ECM and in fixed income, so the numbers aren't always apples to apples. I think -- first, to put the quarter in prospect, you have to remember we've been very consistent. Our long-term goal has been to keep as much revenue as we can, is to make sure the environment for producers was a positive environment, that the transition was a positive experience, and that our cost synergies would come later. And although we did have some severance at the beginning of the quarter in ECM and in fixed income kind of mid-quarter, those costs haven't really flown through. And all the operating costs in terms of dual systems and support are still in place. We told you we would eliminate those redundancies over time, but our focus has been to keep service levels high to retain our producers. And I think you have to put that, so the cost savings will come, but there -- we've purposely not executed on those at this time. We've focused on them, we know they're coming, we know the areas, but they are to come after we get through the integration and make sure that the support levels keep very, very high. This also was not a positive economic environment for our businesses. If you look at the Private Client business, the S&P was down 3.3%, and our assets under administration combined were down about 1.5%, but that's in keeping with our normal Private Client Group ratio when you see the market fall. And yet, PCG had a good quarter and combine had near a high 9-ish kind of margins. The bank had a record quarter, had strong loan growth, which hits the reserve as we book loans. And also, from our SNC exam, we did have an additional charge of about $4 million. But as you know, our policy is we always take the lower of the SNC exams for our ratings, and when the SNCs -- when we get a SNC exam that writes up loans, we don't write them up. So the bank, it's been a very solid quarter. ECM, been a tough market. You can look at our competitor's release, everyone is having a difficult time in this equity capital market environment. And if you look at our investment banking business, we had a very tough April, a reasonable May, a very good June, but July slowed back down. So if you look at Equity Capital Markets' business, our revenues were kind of flat, with additional costs from Morgan Keegan analysts and people we've brought in, which has impacted the equity capital market kind of results for the quarter. In Fixed Income, we had a reasonable quarter, but you have to remember we also had a number of factors that impacted, I think, profitability. Trading profits were down from our usual run rate because we had a flight to quality. We hedged our munis with treasuries, we used treasuries to hedge. And when it's applied to quality, it impacts our trading profits. Also, the Fixed Income business is a business that does well when there's good spreads, when interest rates are higher and there's a lot of volatility, 3 factors we didn't -- that didn't go our way in this quarter. But given that, we had good results. Maybe a little off from historic, but given the environments, especially with the treasury market phenomena, decent results. Our Asset Management business continued to perform. Even with this market and down market, we had net inflows. So with all of that, we retained revenue with a down market draft, so our revenue retention is above our estimates and expectations, which is our goal. And even in a tough market, we had flat sequential non-GAAP EPS after the acquisition expenses. And had the market been flat to up, my guess is it would have -- you would've seen some accretion. But in a down market, we did what we told you we would do, we're focused on those types of expenses. But the expense synergies will come. In terms of the integration, we are on track. Our attention is strong, the mood is great. We've had our summer development conferences with our Private Client Groups, with Morgan Keegan people attending, very, very positive on the firm and the integration. Our systems are on track for consolidation with our fixed income consolidation looking toward the end of this calendar year and the PCG into next -- the first half of the next calendar year. Things are going well. So we will look at the -- right now, we're running redundant systems with 2 broker-dealers, and we will see cost savings once we consolidate those. So the cost synergies will come. Our focus is in keeping the people. So with that, I think that's kind of an overview. When you look at the numbers, we know they're moving around. We will, as we projected -- we think if we keep the revenue that the -- this will be a very synergistic combination, which we expect to realize, start seeing the results of it next year. So with that overview, I'm going to turn it over to Jeff. And I know you're going to have a lot of questions on the pieces given that it's a little more complicated quarter. Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes,let me add a couple of higher level comments myself, some a little bit redundant with what Paul just said. We did do better, as we said, in the press release text. We did do a little better in revenue retention than we had forecast. That was our primary mission. We, as he mentioned, are running redundant systems at 2 different broker-dealers system. There's actually still 2 systems in the fixed income side until we get fully integrated. And obviously, we have some of the attendant costs of people that are running that, and people that we haven't -- we haven't totally rightsized departments as we haven't fully integrated yet. So just to take you back to our comments from prior quarters, we anticipated somewhat minimal accretion from this transaction for the first year or so because of this dynamic, and I'd say that's more or less coming to pass, Morgan Keegan is performing as expected or slightly better, and we are incurring the incremental costs that we expected at the corporate level with additional interest for the debt that we issued. We also have some amortization of RSUs and other retention dollars on a quarterly basis now that were part of the deal, that are incremental expenses at the corporate level. And when you net those things, like we said, we're going to -- we expect somewhat minimal accretion until we get through the complete integration at which time we'll see some better realization of expense reductions. With respect to the actual results for the quarter, I mean, walking through by segment -- and I'm kind of going to respond to some of the comments I've already read in several of the reports that have come out since we released earnings last night. It really is much more appropriate to look at it by segment, to which most all of you do now, as opposed to by line item, within the P&L. It just gets a little hard to track what's coming from where in these line items. But within the Private Client Group, as Paul mentioned, we had a very good quarter. We're at about $685 million in revenues for that group for the quarter and a 9.4% margin. That's fairly acceptable results. And given the market backdrop for the quarter, obviously, most of the incremental revenues were from adding the 940-or-so Morgan Keegan brokers to the sales force. Asset Management was about as expected. It moves around with the market that we are remember, an equity-heavy shop there. Not a lot of movement for the quarter versus the prior quarter. The bank, as Paul mentioned, another -- a second consecutive record quarter. Not only did we realize a full quarter of the Canadian loan portfolio that we purchased in February, but we continued to organically add quite a few loans about -- just under $400 million net for the June quarter, and we have had growth organically up until then to which we realized the interest benefits from. So despite the slightly higher loan loss provision of $9 million in change versus $5 million in change the prior quarter, virtually all due to the SNC charge, we were back ahead of record levels for the bank. The one I skipped over, which really is the one that looks odd when you do the margin calculations, et cetera is the Capital Markets segment. Really a couple of things at work here. It's a little hard, as again Paul mentioned for us, to tell exactly what legacy Morgan Keegan did versus legacy Raymond James as the Equity Capital Markets was fully integrated right after the transaction in early April. And fixed income throughout the quarters was migrating inventory positions and traders and people from one company to the other. So we're -- I can't really tell legacy to legacy what happened exactly, but for the entire segment, which I'll subsegment into equity and fixed income for a moment, the Equity Capital Markets segment was roughly flat in revenues quarter to prior quarter, but had poorer results than the preceding quarter. Those results were down in Canada, in Equity Capital Markets. And domestically, we added several of the Morgan Keegan people to our platform here in Equity Capital Markets in some of the business units that they cover that we didn't. So we actually had a pretty, not a significant, but a reasonable increase in headcount in Equity Capital Markets for the quarter. And we didn't -- we only had comparable revenues with higher expenses, so we did worse than the preceding quarter in Equity Capital Markets, against a tough market environment, as I'm sure you're seeing in other people's results as well. In the fixed income side of that segment, we did see a nice boost in revenues, a flight to quality. And for those of you new to the story, we have basically, in my mind at least, we were on 4 different categories of inventory. We run municipals, corporates, mortgage backed and then government and agency. When there's a flight to quality, people are fleeing into the government agency. Legacy Raymond James, that was an area we didn't have a big focus on. And when there's flight to quality generally caused either a decline in value or at best flat values in all the other types of securities while government securities are increasing in value. We use short governments -- short treasuries, typically to hedge part of our municipal bond inventories. We're hedging interest rate risk. We're not hedging credit risk. So when there's flight to quality, in the past, legacy Raymond James has been -- lost value on both the long and the short side, and those have been our worst trading periods. While we had a little -- mini version of that here in this past quarter, thanks to Europe, as the treasury yields on the tenure touched 1.5% in the month of May, and now of course they've gone through that. But offsetting that to some extent is the fact that Morgan Keegan does have a government agency concentration, and now we do, collectively, which -- and those trading profits continue unabated or even pick up in times of this flight to quality. So that enabled us to show an increase in trading profits despite the fact that we had this flight to quality during the quarter. But net-net, probably still below what we would expect as an ongoing run rate in that category absent this flight to quality. The only other segment I'll mention is we had a revenue boost here from Proprietary Capital as we had a fairly significant revaluation of the last holding in our merchant banking fund, which we do consolidate. So we're picking up 100% of the revaluation, but not very much of that actually finds its way to our bottom line. Plus we had some revaluations of some others that went the other way and others that went the same way. So net-net-net the pretax line and the Proprietary Capital segment didn't move very much from the preceding quarter, but we did have a big revenue boost, so that helped us on the revenue beat that some of you are -- have referred to in your comments. A couple other factors I'd like to mention. Book value per share ended at $23.29 in the release, by my calc's tangible book value per share is about $21.71. I do want to talk about comp ratio for moment. It went down about 0.7% on net revenues. We sort of expected it to go down once -- certainly once Morgan Keegan is fully integrated as we're adding a bunch of employees, FAs and businesses where -- with comp ratios lower than our historic corporate ratio. It didn't go down much in this first quarter. While we did add those people, we also had these incremental amortization of comp expenses. Plus, as Paul mentioned, we've only, throughout part of the quarter, started rightsizing some of these departments and still have a little more work to do in that regard. So we haven't -- the comp ratio hasn't gotten, hopefully, all the way down to where it may once this is fully integrated. On the net interest line, it was actually flat with last quarter, and I sort of consider that sort of expected but sort of a victory. There are really 3 pieces to that. We added $300 million to $400 million of Morgan Keegan margin balances, which added about $3 million of interest earnings to the Private Client segment. We, at the bank, we've mentioned we had higher loan balances in the full quarter of the Canadian loan portfolio, et cetera, which added about $6 million in net interest in that particular segment. That was roughly offset by about $9 million of additional interest at the corporate level for the debt that we issued in the March quarter to consummate the acquisition. So net-net, about awash and about as expected in net interest. I guess, lastly, what I would say is we've sliced and diced this quarter a lot of different ways. There is a lot of noise. We think we've got everything that came on board from Morgan Keegan classified in the right line items in the right segments to be comparable and to set a baseline here for going forward. But again, it was a solid quarter for Private Client Group, Asset Management. And in Raymond James Bank, we're very pleased with those results. And then, the capital markets against some tough market environments, we -- I'd say we did okay, but that's not at the historic margins that we'd like to get back to. So those are my comments. Back to my accretion comment earlier, you can see on a GAAP basis we actually were up a couple of pennies from the preceding quarter. We're trying to be pretty judicious about what we put in the nonrecurring charges line. We certainly are not following the kitchen sink mentality on this. We're -- and in fact, they're probably -- if anything, we're going the other way a little bit. There are some things that one could certainly argue are attributable to the integration of the 2 operations. But if there are people costs and things like that, we're not trying to allocate people's time, et cetera. We're really putting in there external, identifiable hard costs in that line item. So that's where the $20 million a quarter has come from so far. This particular quarter, that line item was dominated by severance expenses. In the preceding quarter, it was dominated more by transaction-related expenses in preparing to close the deal. On a non-GAAP basis, we were flat with the preceding quarter. Again, I think that's probably pretty much as expected given that the Morgan Keegan additive results were somewhat offset by these increased corporate expenses I talked about with the additional interest and the amortization of some of the retention money. So net-net, I think we came out pretty close to where we thought, not too far away from where the Street thought as well. So I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. And just again, the highlight is that in a quarter, I think most people in our business showed revenue down. Our revenue is up. We've kept the retention in a market -- in a downdraft market by retaining people. That's been our goal as we've told you from the very beginning, is that we knew we were going to run cost heavy. I think you know us as a shop that manages costs, but we are going to be a little bit heavy through this integration and realize these cost savings as we integrate. And net-net, with a down kind of capital markets and a down S&P this last quarter, I think we had a very reasonable quarter and I think we're very well positioned. Got a lot of work to do on the integration still. It's on schedule. So far we've hit all of our benchmarks, but we've got a lot of work to do. So with that, we'll go ahead and open it up for questions. Brooke?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Hugh Miller with Sidoti Capital.
Hugh M. Miller: I was wondering -- you commented in the press release about the trend in home office visits. Was wondering if you could just help us to quantify what you're seeing there relative to maybe this time last year and the interest for candidate advisors?
Paul C. Reilly: I don't have the exact statistics, Hugh, but we are -- visits are way up as opposed to last year, and especially in the employee side. And I think the -- I know what was reported by our guys yesterday, but I don't have the numbers in front of me to quote it, so I'm not going to. But it's driven really by, I think, a number -- a couple of the wire houses where retentions worn off, people didn't like how they transitioned to them. And the interesting thing is they're very large advisors, typically multimillion dollar kind of advisers or teams. So it's -- home office visits are only step one, but I had some concern that the combination would make people wonder a little bit about what the environment is going to be like. And I actually think it had the reverse effect, where people realized that we're becoming a stronger and stronger player, and so we're -- those visits are up.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think another factor is that prior to this transaction, the Morgan Keegan offices really weren't in a recruiting mode at all. And they certainly now have the ability to recruit to the future Raymond James platform, so they're in some areas where we haven't even been geographically. So that has expanded our universe of recruiters, so to speak.
Hugh M. Miller: And I guess as a follow-up, given the dynamic that they are large producers, that they've just went through a period and the retention that they're -- they have is kind of running lower, do you get the feeling that there's -- is there any difference in what they're looking for? Is this going to be an environment where it's very price competitive, with upfront money, or do you think that the outlook is really, "I want to find a home that I'm comfortable working in?" What are you seeing there?
Paul C. Reilly: That's a tale of 2 cities there. There are certainly companies that are writing bigger checks than we are. There always has been. We've never been the top kind of retention payer. And the people we get are the people that believe that longer term, not only are they going to, through their earnings, do well here over time, but want to be in an environment that's ours. So we do lose some people to the bigger check, and we get a lot of people who want the environment. And once they're here, I can't tell you how many times people say, "I wish I had done this 10 years ago." So we'll lose people to the check, we will. Some people have to recapitalize or they'll get seduced by the size of the checks, which can be pretty big, and there are still people in the market doing that. So I think you're going to see both, but we're not going to do on that economic deals, and we continue to kind of hold our ground.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But there just -- there seems to be more movement, whether it's for check or for dissatisfaction. There just seems to be more movement out there right now than there has been the last year or so.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And in the Capital Markets segment, obviously, with going out there and talking with institutional clients following the acquisition and the combined franchise, how are those discussions going with regards to the voting process and how much business do you anticipate that you may lose just given that you're combining the offering and you may have some people that will pay you less than they would for each franchise separately.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think that in the Equity Capital Markets side, we didn't assume a lot of synergy on sales and trading outside of the areas where we picked up coverage, we didn't have it before. So we had big overlap there, almost 85% of the names. So even in our own model, we didn't assume a big revenue synergy or really any revenue synergy on the commission side that we felt that we got some good bankers and we've got some good analysts, and that would help, but there certainly was overlap. And we kind of took most of that revenue out of our model. Clients responded very positively. I think they like the combined platform. They liked the parent because they know who we are, and a lot of those clients were the same, both in the Fixed Income and Equity Capital Markets side.
Hugh M. Miller: And a couple of questions at the bank. I did notice quite a bit of an uptick in criticized loans. I know that the other asset quality trends continue to look like they were improving. But I was wondering if you could make some comments on kind of what was driving that increase in criticized loans and maybe color on why you weren't a little bit more active on the reserve additions given that rise?
Steven M. Raney: Hugh, it's Steve Raney. During the course of every quarter, we probably have 25 to 30 loans that are being upgraded, downgraded based on their operating performance, loans where we're adding to, and in some cases loans that we're not participating and the refinancer being repaid obviously, so there's a lot of activity that goes on. This quarter, what contributed significantly to that increase in criticized assets was the result of the Shared National Credit exam. We actually thought that the results turned out very favorable, and when I say that, there were no directed charge-offs, there were no loans that were put on nonaccrual as a result of that. However, there were about 5 loans that were -- went from pass rating to criticized via the Shared National Credit exam that contributed to the increasing criticized loans. There was not an increase in -- actually a reduction in nonaccruals and in OREO and more problematic asset categories, but we did have an increase in criticized loans via the Shared National Credit exam. And we already discussed the provision expense impact that was -- that came as a result of that.
Hugh M. Miller: Yes. And was there anything specific to a type of loan categorization within those 5 loans that went criticized?
Steven M. Raney: They were across -- broad industry spectrum. So...
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And then the last question at the bank was just with regards to expectations for future loan portfolio expansion. Obviously, I would suspect that the pace was slow, but what are your thoughts there and what are you seeing?
Steven M. Raney: Yes. I mean, you were trying to manage a loan -- the loan portfolio growth in the 7% to 8% range kind of out for the -- on an annualized basis for the next few years. It can be lumpier than that. Obviously, we had a very strong quarter this last quarter. That would translate to loan growth kind of in the $150 million to $200 million per quarter looking out over the next few quarters. The reality is it will, once again, it will be lumpier than that. We may have some quarters that will be short of that and some other quarters that may be higher. I would mention that we did close last week on the purchase of the securities-based loans from Regions Bank that were secured with the Morgan Keegan brokerage accounts, that was $185 million. So that purchase did close. We're now around $300 million in securities-based loans. So that's a category and a product that we're actively growing and working very closely with our Private Client Group financial advisers on.
Hugh M. Miller: And what was the closing date of that?
Steven M. Raney: The 20th of July, this quarter.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And the last question was just with regard to expectations for kind of severance and the timing and the additions as we look out over the next quarter or 2. Can you give us any color and clarity? Do you have a sense there on the timing of some of those expenses?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have some natural attrition actually on the -- from the back office side of Morgan Keegan, but our goal is to keep most of that in place. We will have some trimming, but our focus is to get the systems integrated. So I think you're really looking not for big numbers in this fiscal year, but really into next fiscal year, where you'll see more of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: So maybe just to follow up on the very last question. Can you give us a little bit more sense just in dollar terms how much of a benefit you could see from severance or I guess from lower comp as people kind of leave, bringing you guys to a trim headcount? As well as the technology integration?
Paul C. Reilly: I don't think we've quantified the severance. I don't think we've quantified actually, the savings but we think they're -- from today's run rate, what do we say on the beginning of the...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Total savings $60 million, $60 million to $80 million.
Paul C. Reilly: $60 million, total.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Including people costs and systems costs and et cetera, et cetera that we expect, but that's upon full integration. I mean, we didn't -- we haven't quantified the comp associated with the relevant severance at this particular point, but it's also scattered throughout all the segments, predominantly Capital Markets, but some in other areas like ops and IT.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. So $60 million to $80 million on an annualized basis from the current expense run rate, is that the way [indiscernible]?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That's upon full integration, that's when we finish integrating the Private Client Group early next calendar year.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. So by early next calendar year, that should be in the run rate -- okay, got you. And then maybe flipping this into a similar question, just kind of spinning it a little bit differently. If you look in your -- if you look at your operating margin, you guys are running again this quarter with 14%, I guess, 14.6%. Again, once everything is said and done, how do you think that's going to shake out for the overall business?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Where -- it depends on a whole bunch of things, what the markets going to do, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But I think that the preceding quarter, which I know you referenced in your comments, wasn't a bad measure. If we could add all those and maybe improve a little bit on that. It also depends which businesses become dominant because our businesses have very different margins. But we certainly expect margin, we expect -- have expected margin improvement from adding the scale of Morgan Keegan once the businesses are fully integrated, particularly because they have such an emphasis in the fixed income space, which is a higher margin business than some of the businesses that dominate in our P&L like the Private Client Group.
Paul C. Reilly: The numbers that we kind of put out as benchmarks were $20 million to $25 million operational costs savings and the rest were in severance and people costs, in the operating businesses, so we have no reason to believe those are a lot different. And again, it depends on revenue and how the business is doing. So again, our focus has been, we can bring costs down now. And I think a lot of companies would have done that. And it's not that we're oblivious to costs or we don't watch them very closely, we do. But we're running 2 broker dealers with 2 services and we want to keep service levels high, client service high. And we're confident we'll get to the costs. So as we said when we announced this is that people have to be a little patient. We'll get to them, but we're going to make sure the integration happens first. That hasn't changed a bit.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We said that the majority of the accretion will be realized starting in fiscal '14, and that's still the case because that'll be the first full fiscal year that the full integration is completed.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. And then my second question is around -- you guys obviously highlighted there's strong retention on the revenue side. Can you quantify some of the things from the FA perspective, something like, I don't know, percentage of FAs that -- for Morgan Keegan that you've been able to retain versus your prior guidance or your prior thoughts? And maybe some measure of productivity of Morgan Keegan's FAs versus Ray Jay's FAs and where they could potentially go to.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, we've talked about some of these things pre-merger. I guess you -- maybe you weren't covering us then, Alex, maybe. The Morgan Keegan, we have had retention to high 90s percent of those who we made retention offers to, but that was about 560 FAs in the Morgan Keegan system. Obviously, some 400 or so in addition have stayed with us that were at production levels below that, and some may have gone on to other places. But the retention rate of those that we wanted is extraordinarily high. In terms of average production, when we -- prior to the acquisition, we had quantified their average production the same way be calculate it and they were 12% lower than RJA, which we kind of view this somewhat as an opportunity as we presented them with a little more complete suite of products and services that they could expand their practice. And we haven't -- that gap will have to work the close, but we're putting a number of our products on their platform right now, but we're not going to be able to really move heavily against that number until they're on the same operating -- on the back-office platform. So we are introducing process -- products, asset management products, other things, research to them, giving them tools, but we won't get the full benefit and allow that to migrate significantly until we get them on our operating.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Right, like to our CMA account platform, for example.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. And then just a couple of numbers questions. Can you quantify the prop capital boost that you mentioned in your prepared remarks, how much of that contributed to revenues this quarter? And then, how much of the, I guess, minority interest is associated with that kind of gain this quarter? Is it an entire thing? Or is it a little lower, a little higher?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Well, the majority of the revenues were related to that one -- the vast majority was related to that one company that was revalued that I mentioned in the merchant banking space. We have a very small TP interest in that and we have about a 13% or 15% limited partnership interest in that. But the rest, all would be in the noncontrolling interest category. There are other revaluations as well. There's a company we own 100% of that was revalued negatively for the quarter. And then, this is also the quarter, as somebody mentioned in their comments, that we get the audited statements from all the outside venture capital funds that we have investments in, primarily for investment banking relationship purposes, not a lot of money in them, but at least we do have that investment. And those are all revalued based on their audited statements, which added a little over $1 million write-up from those. So the net-net of all those things turned out to not be a very big number to the pretax line relative to the revenues.
Paul C. Reilly: I think as people looked through, and I understand the questions too, I want to remind people on our kind of our approach to integration cost. A lot of firms would put in retention as an integration cost, we don't. We have a significant increase in overtime from our ops and technology groups, and it's all to support the integration, we expense it all. We only -- our capital -- we're only putting in that category direct identifiable contracts. So if we hire a consultant to help us, an IT consulting company to help us with the transfer, we charge it. If we'd do it, something for Raymond James so that we can free people to work on it, we don't put it in that category. So we're going to run cost heavy during this process until we get the integration because we're not trying to throw everything in there. We're only using a very, I think, conservative direct allocation of cost, and we're going to continue -- that's just been our nature.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And that goes towards your margin question as well.
Paul C. Reilly: And we are definitely -- if you just look up the overtime report, I just looked at it. We're -- I mean, our costs are up to support this integration, to get through it and get systems combined, and they will be for a little bit and -- but we'll get them in line.
Alexander Blostein: Okay. Sorry to follow up on this, but since you guys went there, so on this overtime comment, is that -- when you talk about the $60 million to $80 million of expenses going away, does that include the kind of normalization of the extra time that people put in, et cetera? Or is that might be on top of the $60 million to $80 million? Because it sounds like $60 million to $80 million is just technology and maybe the extra folks that you still have working on your platform.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, $60 million to $80 million on the prerelease was our determination of cost savings for the back office and...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: People and systems.
Paul C. Reilly: And people and system, and in people, right? All this other stuff that we're carrying, overtime and things like that will go away. Now the $60 million to $80 million is a much big number overtime. But I'm just giving you an example of costs that we are incurring during this integration that we will continue to until the systems are. We're -- we want to make sure that people are supported. Our people are also integrating the Morgan Keegan people, also report to people at Raymond James, and they're streaming those systems and spending a lot of time. So there is a lot of effort during the integration and cost the we are incurring. And I'm sure I don't know what the plane travel is between here and Memphis, but Delta likes us, during this integration time. And we're going to -- we're just going to run heavy for a little bit to our traditional numbers. And I think if you had seen a flat S&P versus one down 3.3% in the quarter, you would've seen, my guess is a little bit of accretion. The market was down a little bit. I think we did well, and the costs are the costs, so -- but don't think we're ignoring them, we're just sticking to our plan.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. All right. Last one for me. At the bank, net interest margin up nicely quarter-over-quarter, 3.69% versus 3.55%. I guess some of those are mix shifts you guys did pick up a little bit of loans. Given the rate dynamic and balancing that with your prospects for future loan growth, how should we think about that shaking out in the next few quarters?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, I mean, I think that the margins were actually relatively stable, but actually I think down just slightly if I'm not mistaken.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: [indiscernible]
Paul C. Reilly: And I guess the full realization at Canada for the quarter, right? So what we're seeing right now on the new business has been relatively stable, but we do continue to have some resets in our mortgage portfolio from the fixed rate period to the adjusted period. So we're seeing some reduction in our mortgage portfolio in terms of margins. That's been a profitable business for us for the last 18 months though, the new business, in terms of the loans that we are selling to Fannie Mae, the margins have been good in that business. You don't see that in the net interest margin, but you see that in our bottom line. Our commercial business, I would say, over the last couple of quarters has been relatively stable. We had enjoyed a period of wider margins, we saw compression, but I would say over the last couple of quarters has been relatively stable. We're very selective. There's kind of a sweet spot that we play in. There's obviously credits that are below our return objectives, and then there are riskier credits at much wider spreads that we could plan, but we have stayed away from that. So I think that in terms of providing you some guidance going forward, our margin should be relatively stable within 10 basis points of what the run rate has been in the last couple of quarters.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. We have been guiding people to 3.40% to 3.50% roughly, Alex, and just based on the portfolio that's in place.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. So 3.70-ish now, down to 3.40, 3.50.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You can -- in any given quarter though, you can have some loan payoffs the way we recognize a bunch of fees that do get into this line item that distort. And on the other hand, we can have excessive amounts of cash that depress the rate.
Steven M. Raney: Its relatively small right now in terms of our overall loan portfolio. The securities-based loans that we're making have a margin of around 300 basis points, so it reduces our margin but it's a very low-risk asset. Once again, it's small, the impact of that is small right now.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But I think our guidance would stand going forward for the near term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris: I just want to come back to the costs again really quickly. The $60 million to $80 million in savings we're expecting here. You mentioned kind of the beginning of calendar 2013 for the majority of that. Should we expect the savings to be more back-end loaded, in other words, savings really need to be mostly realized then rather than kind of incremental improvement over the next couple of quarters?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, you got things going couple of ways. You'll see some incremental savings like when we did the rightsizing of the fixed income that was mid quarter, so some of that comp adjustment will get through. And again, the size of the operation there -- has gotten somewhat smaller, but most of it you're going to see after the system integration, after we get both systems combined and we could combine back offices is when we're going to be able to execute on that. So those savings, we're pretty comfortable about getting out of the business. And as you know, we also have extra costs. We have the interest costs on our bonds and we have amortization expense that'll come through on RSUs and things like that. But in terms of getting the hard dollar cost out of the business, we will. But I think we have to look -- once we move the system over, and have it complete, stable and running, we'll get a lot of those costs out.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And there's going to be some real estate cost savings as well as we combine some of the institutional offices in the big cities, as we've done already in New York and other places that once we get those offices combined and either sublease or take a charge or whatever we do for the space that we've abandoned. Yes, there'll be ongoing occupancy expense savings there.
Paul C. Reilly: I would keep you on our original guidance. I see no reasons to think the game plan has changed.
Christopher Harris: Okay. Great. And then in capital markets, I don't think it really surprised anybody that it is a tough environment and revenues clearly aren't around where you guys would like to see them. Trying to get a sense of the magnitude of the change. And I know it's hard because we're now looking at the combined business versus legacy Raymond James in the prior quarter, but can you give us some sense as to the percent decline if you're looking at, like, an apples-to-apples basis, the revenue decline in the quarter in Capital Markets?
Paul C. Reilly: In total Capital Markets or in equity Capital Markets?
Christopher Harris: In total Capital Markets, well, maybe both if you could provide it.
Paul C. Reilly: They're such 2 different businesses, that one is hard.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: As I mentioned in my comments, equity capital markets was roughly flat quarter-to-quarter. We had some added business with some of the Morgan Keegan units that covered areas we didn't cover. But in any given quarter you've got, within that segment, you've got a mixture of M&A, new issue, business and over-the-desk secondary commissions. And the secondary commissions business has been really tough business. The overall pie has shrunk somewhat going forward here, so now -- and then M&A is lumpy as you know, so -- and as -- but for us, with the added horsepower from some of the Morgan Keegan units, we ended up staying flat quarter-to-quarter. Fixed income, which is one of the strengths that they brought to the table here obviously had a significant increase in revenues, virtually all the increase in the segment was related to the Fixed Income business that they brought to the table, but there were redundancies, et cetera, in that area as well that -- such as a municipal fixed income business and things like that. So you don't necessarily see all the benefits of those synergies in this first quarter.
Christopher Harris: It sounds pretty good to me, given the environment. I mean, I think some of your peers reporting double-digit percent declines in capital markets revenue. So to the extent you were able to do flat in ECM, I mean, I think that's pretty good. Overall, the organization did about $257 million in total Capital Markets revenues. In a normal environment, where do you think that number could go?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: What's normal?
Steven M. Raney: Yes.
Christopher Harris: Last quarter?
Paul C. Reilly: That's so hard to say because the Equity Capital Markets pick up and strong equity markets and fixed income historically tends to go down and vice versa. So I would say that neither of those businesses -- certainly, equity Capital Markets wasn't firing on half its cylinders, but fixed income did okay. I mean, it was not a great quarter, not a bad quarter. We're very happy with the sales folks, the throughput, the inventory turn, the inventory management. All the things we thought we are acquiring in Morgan Keegan, we did. We have very good people. So it's a good business. Quarter was down trading profit wise, as we've explained, as treasuries came in, cost of some trading profits net, but it's a good business. So if the market gets really volatile and bad, I mean, the fixed income business will probably do really well if...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: If you look at the overall margin in that business for the quarter of under 11%, that is substandard to what we would expect on a go forward basis. And the revenues -- I don't see why they would -- this was not a blowout good revenue quarter, so I don't see that, that -- that there's certainly some room for upside in the -- on the revenue side as well. But the margin isn't where it needs to be yet.
Christopher Harris: Mid-teens, Jeff, on the margin is what you'd like to kind of shoot for?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think that's achievable with the mix of Fixed Income and Equity Capital Markets that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan with Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: The majority of my questions have already been asked, but maybe just get some flavor on the progression of just retail sentiment throughout last quarter. So essentially, did things deteriorate further kind of the back half of the quarter after Facebook and the markets deteriorated a bit more as well. So I just want to get a sense if the things kind of deteriorated as the quarter progressed and if you're seeing or hearing any changes in retail sentiment that's worth noting?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think investor's sentiment certainly is -- if we look at our own index, the number of people thinking the economy is going to get better went down fairly dramatically. I think you had Facebook, you had the equity capital markets in Europe, I think as people see the election now, you can't feel too great. I'm not sure about anything. So the investor's sentiment is negative, but if you look at the movement, a lot of it's been from international and to domestic, we haven't seen a big flight in our system out of equities. There's certainly some high historic cash balances in fixed income. So I think we haven't seen the investors kind of abandon the markets, but they're all cautious. And they're going to stay cautious until they get other signs, so that hasn't changed really.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. And then just to beat a dead horse just a little bit more here. I just want to make sure I'm clear. Is none of that $60 million to $80 million in annual expense run rate production for Morgan Keegan reflected yet in expenses?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Some of it is, in the areas where we've let people go such as Equity Capital Markets and places like that where we've actually have started to rightsize the business.
Paul C. Reilly: And in the Fixed Income, where we went through that reduction mid-quarter, part of that payroll will be through, but part of that revenue is through too. Some of that is a loss of revenue. We do get to keep a lot of the accounts, but some of it is...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Equity Capital Markets isn't made up of all producers. There are a lot of financial analysts and research analysts and other people that don't necessarily have revenue tied to them that we would put in that expense savings category.
Paul C. Reilly: We'll get the costs out. And if the markets got really tough, we would move on costs a little quicker just as you would in any business. But right now, the focus is getting a good, smooth transition, and it's been excellent. So the numbers are there, I just think it's going to -- we got to get to them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin with Susquehanna.
Douglas Sipkin: Just had a couple of questions. First, with respect to maybe the SNC and the credit quality stuff. I'm just curious, I mean, it just seems like it's a little bit of a divergence from sort of some of the metrics that you guys are reporting. And maybe it doesn't tie in as much because of the residential, but it looked like the residential finally should have realized improvements. So I'm just wondering, was there any sort of specific nuance to this quarter? It just seems like the SNC -- the impact was a bit of a surprise, considering the way things have been trending.
Steven M. Raney: I guess, like I was just -- going back to my comment, we move loans every quarter up and down, and so -- and I know that each -- last 4 or 5 years, we've had some impact from the Shared National Credit exam. We have 360 borrowers, the vast majority of them are subject to the Shared National Credit exam. So it's been a relatively small number of loans that the Shared National Credit exam were different than how we had things rated. That said, I think the regulators are taking a harsh look at anything that has any leverage to it, even if the cash flows are very strong and the operations and even a growth may be there. Anything that has some leverage to it, even if there's plenty of liquidity and access to capital, they're -- in some cases, once again this is somewhat isolated, moved a loan to a criticized status. Once again, in every situation that impacted this in terms of our provision expense, we feel comfortable with the credits that we're in. And actually, it's kind of funny, a couple of them have announced -- one of them has a planned offering to raise more equity, and another company is refinancing entirely and will probably exit the credit. So none of these were moved to a status that -- where we felt like there was an accrual issue or anything along those lines. So we feel actually pretty comfortable with those downgrades.
Paul C. Reilly: And I just want to say you've tracked us for a long time and we tend to be conservative, we do not think that the credit quality has deteriorated at all this quarter.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. That's helpful. Then maybe shifting gears a little bit. Any sort of update on the Asset Management business? I know you guys have been looking to expand there and leadership there sort of indicated that there may be something happening this time, maybe something happening this year, any more color around Asset Management growth plans?
Paul C. Reilly: We are very methodically still looking for a large cap manager, either a firm or a lift out. We have been talking to people. It's a very entrepreneurial business, so often people get interested and cold feet and interested and cold -- it's a cycle. And we still want to do that. We're focused on doing it. We continue to meet with people. And if we can strike the right deal with a manager we like that fits into our culture, we will. And those efforts are ongoing. So we haven't lost the focus on it even during this integration, but we don't have anything to announce.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. And -- so historically -- and I know, I mean, this is going back a bit, but Tom James sort of indicated there are certain levels -- buyback was never part of your guide strategy. But at certain levels, certain multiples of book, I forget, it was 1 2, 1 3, you would consider it. I mean, has that changed given sort of the increased leverage on the model, on the sort of buybacks out basically? Just because obviously, you guys are comfortable with the coverage -- while you do in fact have more debt. Or if it gets to sort of some multiple of book, maybe that would be something you would consider again?
Paul C. Reilly: We -- our policy has not changed at all. I do think that depending on where we are in a credit or economic cycle, we look at it and make decisions. Right now, we like our liquidity and our position and have no real need -- interest to buy back stock. We're staying very liquid through this period of time. Who knows where the economy is going to go. And so we've announced no buyback plans, but our philosophy hasn't changed. In '08 and '09, we had a lot of opportunity, but we didn't buy back because given the liquidity in the markets, we didn't use our capital. So it's all situational, the philosophy is intact.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. And then just last question. Obviously, you guys look to be having a lot of success on the employee side, you're hiring recently, and clearly some are bigger producers. Any plans to maybe get a little bit more aggressive on the independent side because that also looks like it's becoming a really nice channel as more and more brokers break away and sort of look to go on their own. I mean, is there -- is that a focus for you guys? Do you maybe spend -- plan on spending a little bit more money to continue to upgrade infrastructure or -- just curious, what your thoughts are there because that also looks like it's a hot place with some recruiting now.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, we've actually hired more recruiters. We're focused on it. We've never abandoned the independent channel. I think that some of our competitors, numbers wise, have done better, but we kind of have producer minimums. We're not in the technology roll-up or product sales game. So our focus has been on the high-end producers. We want to add advisers that meet some certain size and quality. So we're still in it, we're still recruiting, we've combined our recruiting efforts actually to try get a more focused penetration, but we have not given up on the independent channel. I think what you see is in great equity capital markets, the independent channel gets very popular with people. In these markets, people become a little more conservative. So it's a little more safe environment, but they're both -- we're recruiting in both, just the -- as a percentage, the employee side has just been busier recently, but we're still focused on both.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Alim Shaikh with KBW.
Alim Shaikh: In terms of investment banking, what was the breakdown between equity and debt underwriting in advisory?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We do, well, we don't do much -- we do municipal debt underwriting, we don't do -- we're not really into corporate debt underwriting in any meaningful way.
Paul C. Reilly: It's small enough, we don't even focus on the number.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: In that $70 million line item, is that what it is?
Alim Shaikh: Yes.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It's about $17 million, $18 million M&A. At $23 million plus $5 million, so $28 million in what you'd call traditional underwriting business, new issue business. About $16 million in public finance debt, and then there's about $8 million in our -- in that line item related to our tax credit fund origination business.
Alim Shaikh: Great. And what was the period end share count?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: About 137 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Stelmach with FBR.
Steve Stelmach: On the Private Client Group, on the operating margin, you guys mentioned the 9% this quarter. When I look back over the past 10 years of that business, it's averaged right around 9%, yet we're in a pretty lackluster environment. You got a lot more skill today than you have in the past. Where can we expect that number to go to? Or in a better world, I mean, you sort of guided to mid-teens of institutional business. Is that pretty analogous with what you expect to see in PCG or could it go higher?
Paul C. Reilly: No, we've focused on kind of 10%.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have said in the past, Steve, that in a really good market environment that if we got on our mix of contractors, employees including the operations we have in Canada, and the U.K., et cetera, when all that is blended together, we got to 12%, that would be like a good next step.
Steve Stelmach: Yes, Okay. So I mean still, you got a little leverage there, but more so probably coming out in the institutional business in sort of the operating margins?
Paul C. Reilly: I'd say today, that's accurate.
Steve Stelmach: Okay, great. And in terms of interest rate sensitivities still for this similar opportunity there, if and when rates ever get so high?
Paul C. Reilly: We quit mentioning when short term rates go up.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks?
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you, Brooke. Just to say, I appreciate the complexity for those who have been following us a long time and the couple that have initiated coverage. This is an unusual quarter in terms of numbers moving around. But we gave you initial guidance on what we thought this could do for us. We also said we thought it could be accretive, it would be more accretive than a positive market. The first quarter was a little more positive, so we got a little running room, but this last quarter certainly wasn't, the first quarter, the combination. So we're sticking to our strategy of just focusing on revenue retention, which I think we've been very successful at, and we don't take for granted that it's over. The integration is going according to plan. The cost savings, as we gave original guidance, we think are there, but we said we would take them later, not earlier, and we're still focused on that. So, so far, so good. We have a lot of work to do and appreciate your questions. And I think when we look back on this, if we continue this -- if we're able to continue executing as we have been, we'll look back a year to 2 from now and say this was great combination, but that's all up to the execution and retention. So thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-04-26 08:15:00) =====
Paul C. Reilly: Okay, good morning. Jennifer, are we live here?
Operator: Yes, you're live, sir.
Paul C. Reilly: Okay. Thank you. This is Paul Reilly in Raymond James. I'm going to turn over to Paul Matecki to read our FD disclosure.
Paul Louis Matecki: Thanks, Paul. To the extent that Raymond James makes forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation or regulatory proceedings and other similar matters, a variety of factors, many of which are beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2011 annual report on Form 10-K, which is available at raymondjames.com or sec.gov. In addition to those factors, in connection with the Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could possibly cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance. These include difficulty integrating Raymond James and Morgan Keegan's businesses, or realizing the projected benefits of the transaction; the inability to sustain revenue in earnings growth; changes in capital markets; and diversion of management time on the transaction related issues.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you, Paul, and what a rousing way to start a conference call with a good FD disclosure. We're going to go through, I guess, step by step in the conference call to make sure we understand the pieces and talk a little bit about the quarter and kind of the non-GAAP adjustments and how I think the basic operating business is doing and go through the segments. Jeff will then go through a little more detail in some of the other things, and then we'll get into the Morgan Keegan combination, which I know a number of you have questions about. First, I really believe we had a strong quarter in an improving environment. Our net revenues up 11% at $871 million plus and our non-GAAP pretax earnings up 22%. Now we are doing that off a weaker December ending quarter and if you go again to a year ago, we are comparing -- we're up only 3% or 2% of the net revenues that are very, very strong quarter, if we can remember the markets a year ago that we're comparing to. But certainly, a very, very solid trend, really driven by rising asset values are a strong equity market. Our assets under administration were up 8% and had a record of $292 billion and this is again without any Morgan Keegan numbers we closed after the quarter ended, and our assets under management up 11% at $39 billion. So on the basis of that as you know, we bill a lot of assets in advance. We've started with tailwinds in that quarter and again with the S&P up 12% this quarter should portend well to a strong start to our next quarter. Starting with the Private Client Group. The second quarter was really driven by those asset values, and again with the tailwinds in our billings, we had record productivity per advisor at $361 million at RJFS and $540,000 -- I'm sorry, I wish it was million, $361,000 at RJFS and $546,000 at Raymond James Associates, our employee division. We also had a net increase of 42 advisors. As recruiting continues to ramp up, one of the slight concerns when we announced the Morgan Keegan acquisition, we felt that recruiting was taking up the impact. We were worried about an impact. There's been no negative impact and I think, as we talk to recruit the positive impact that we're growing the business and the backlog of home office visits continues to improve. So as we go into the third quarter with an S&P up again and more advisers, we should be off to a good start. The revenue growth there was offset by comp expense, some of that was additional personnel, but a big chunk of that is what I call seasonal, if you can use that word. The first quarter, our raises hit, starting in January, our FICA payments and taxes start over so we always have a first quarter impact on comp. The other areas we've told -- we talked about before as we have been ramping up our technology expenditures. We've got some very exciting technology rolling out, including a new advisers desktop starting in May, and it's a strategic investment we've made across the firm and that did have some impact on the numbers for the quarter. In the capital markets area, ECM had a big recovery, really since, again, against a very weak December quarter. We can number what happened at the end of last year the markets, starting that September, really shut down. The underwriting part of our business in IPO was slow in January and February as it was in the quarter, but really picked up in March and has continued up stronger in April and who knows what happens day-to-day in that business. But if you look to the -- commissions were up, underwriting revenues were up versus last quarter, but M&A activity was down slightly. So again, improving significantly from a very weak market the quarter before, but certainly not at the levels that we were a year ago, where we had a strong equity capital markets. Moving to fixed income. Fixed income has been kind of a steady producer for us, with the announcement of Morgan Keegan. I think people had some concerns but again, we're showing a strengthening -- slight strengthening through the quarter for fixed income and trading profits and commissions. So business is performing very, very well. Asset Management, again, it's kind of our Steady Eddy business. Assets were up both from market appreciation, as we've talked about earlier, and continued net inflows. So off the back of a 4% increase in the revenue side. We had a 5% increase in profits and again the markets coming in should portend well for a good start this quarter. The bank had outstanding performance for the quarter, record earnings, basically 2 factors here. We've continued to grow loans, as you remember, $400 million of that was the Allied Irish Bank loan portfolio that we did finally close on that drove significant loan growth, as well as other loan growth. As you can see through this year, we've had good loan growth and improving credit. If you look at the loan loss provision there almost all of it was attributed to the Allied Irish Bank acquisition. So we've had strong credit metrics and improvements and pay off of loans that have continued to, I think, show improving credit performance of the bank. What I'm really proud at, I think we had solid operating performance, but this is all accomplished while we were working on the Morgan Keegan integration. So people were doing their day job and the other job and when we get into the acquisition expenses, you're going to see that those costs are really only adjusted for direct costs of that acquisition and acquisition planning and it doesn't include the massive amounts of people time and other efforts that are going focused to integrate Morgan Keegan, which I'll get to that one in a minute, but that has gone extremely well. We've got a lot of work to do. We can't declare victory yet, as I said in the release, but we're very pleased with where we are to date. Moving into the -- projecting into the third quarter based on the S&P up and improved ECM environments, net recruiting and a strong loan book at the bank and good credit, I think, portends positively to third quarter and we've also have to add the small factor of Morgan Keegan combination as we report next quarter. So with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff Julien to give you a little more color. Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Thanks, Paul. I just want to reiterate that we had a whole host of records this quarter. I think that's important to note going into the second half of the year. We had both record gross in net revenues, record Private Client Group revenues, record Private Client Group average productivity, record assets under administration, record assets under management, record bank pretax earnings for the quarter, and although this one's a little bit out there, if you use a non-GAAP section of our release, that's actually a record pretax income number for a quarter for us.
Paul C. Reilly: Non-GAAP record pretax.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Paul said, if we pick the right expenses to exclude, we can get a lot of records every quarter. A couple of other comments I'll make to augment Paul's description of what happened in the segments. We had a nice jump in book value. I'm sure you noticed it's amazing what can happen when you do an offering at 1.5x book value during the quarter. So that was somewhat as expected. Tangible book value did not see quite the same increase. Our shareholders equity now exceeds $3 billion. It's nice not to had have to explain the tax rate for the quarter. I'm mentioning it, but just to say I don't have to say anything about it. It was about 38.25% for this quarter and 38.75% for the year to date, which is about where it should be. We got some benefit from the appreciation in COLI but as I point out in prior periods, it's offset by some of the nondeductible meals and entertainment and other things that hit our books. These rates are about where it should be in a normalized environment on a year-to-date basis. We talked about the $19.6 million of hard acquisition expenses in the non-GAAP measure. That's the line item that you see in the P&L. To that, when we did our non-GAAP presentation, we also included about $1.7 million of interest expense, which is in interest expense, not in that $19.6 million, which relate to the debt offerings that we did ahead of time prior to the actual acquisition. And we also factored in about 3% dilution from the share offering that we did in mid-February in anticipation of the acquisition. Those things all added together came up with that $0.12 impact related to the Morgan Keegan acquisition. The ROE for the quarter, as reported, was 9.62%, again on a non-GAAP basis, so that would be about 12.2%. And on a year-to-date basis, it was 9.83% reported, again on a non-GAAP, excluding those costs what we'll call operating -- core operating earnings was about 11.25% that's year to date. I think the surprises for the quarter relative to what was projected and I've read some of your comments this morning. The bank loan loss provision I think was a surprise, it was the Allied Irish portfolio shrunk from the time we initially started talking to them to the time we consummated the transaction. So our provision for that originally started at somewhere around $7 million, ended up only being about $5 million. But the rest of the entire bank's portfolio on a net basis was really yielded no provision expense for the quarter. We had some net growth, which there was some provision expense for, but we also had a lot of credit improvements, payoffs, pay downs, things like that, that had the opposite effect. So it was basically a net neutral other than the Allied Irish acquisition, which I think was a surprise maybe even a little bit to us, that it was at that level for the quarter. Obviously, the net interest margin at the bank held up a little better than, at least I expected, early on in the quarter thus net interest earnings a little better. Again, we had some of these payoffs, pay downs, which yielded fees but we also have, adding the Allied Irish in at a fairly high average coupon certainly helps the net interest margin as well. So that will maybe be a little higher going forward than it has been in the past. Another surprise I think you all pointed to other revenues. Well if you look at our segment basis that's really in the Proprietary Capital segment. We had a fairly significant writeups and distributions received from some of the private equity funds in this quarter. That's a lumpy number, very, very hard for us to predict. As you all point out, usually it's a June quarter event as we get the audited statements for all the smaller ones that we're invested in, but there are these larger ones that, some of which we even consolidate, that we mark on a quarterly basis and that's what happened this quarter. Now not much of that, as you can see in the segment results fell to the bottom line. We do consolidate one fund in particular that we have about a 14% net interest in. So a lot of that comes out to a minority interest, but it did impact the revenue line. I'd also want to make a comment on the number of lead managed deals. If you've been tracking that from our monthly operating statistics to now, it looks like we had one deal in the March month. Well that obviously wasn't true. I think you know how active it was. We made the decision at the end of the quarter here to exclude from that total, the RJF offerings, which we were a joint book runner on, all 3 of them, to debt on equity, but we didn't think it appropriate to include those. We also made the decision to exclude some of these at-the-market deals. These continuous offerings, there were about 5 of those during in the quarter. So March was much more active than it appears. It was the monthly operating statistics that included those things that I mentioned that we have now excluded at the final count here for the quarter. I'll make a couple of comments on the year-to-date segment information on the press release. As you can see, again, we're comparing against a very good 6 months a year ago and then looking forward last year, you know we ended up with a record year last year, while the June quarter last year had a $45 million pretax charge for ARS in it for starters, but then we also had a very difficult capital markets environment in the fourth quarter last year. So the first half of last year was much better than the second half. While we've just about equaled that first half this year, we're about dead on in terms of net -- in terms of total revenues. We're a little bit behind even excluding the acquisition related expenses. We're a little bit behind in total pretax income, but again -- so if you look at it on a big picture basis, we're just a little bit behind where we were on an earnings basis this time last year and we had all these negative impacts in the second half of last year. So that should give us some optimism looking into the second half of this year. In terms of the earnings, you can see for the 6 months Private Client Group's about 6% behind where they were a year ago. Paul mentioned some of the factors in our methodology, the most of operations in IT was parts that aren't allocated to other segments end up in the Private Client Group segment and IT expenditures and people have been a large factor in Private Client Group not surpassing the prior year, yet. Capital markets, we talked about. Last year's first 6 months was a strongest period we'd had in sometime. So that's going to be a tough comparison and it really is all Equity Capital Markets this shortfall from versus the prior year fixed income slightly ahead of where they were on a year-to-date basis last year. Asset Management stuff, as you would expect, modestly. We expect again some sequential improvement. As you've heard, we're at the asset level. So you see where the asset level started the third quarter and then the bank is eclipsing all records here both from an earnings and a credit perspective. So we go into the second half, I think, with some optimism. The last thing I'll mention is on the other segment, you can see that there's all of the acquisition related expenses, even though they've been incurred by all the segments, we're putting them all in the other segment for convenience. So that entire $20 million is down there in the other segment and the other thing impacting that of course, is the additional corporate interest from our April offering a year ago, as well as the $1.7 million that I mentioned from the offerings we did in anticipation of the acquisition. So a lot of facts and figures, but at the end of the day, I think a good quarter and I know that we need to talk a little bit more about what to expect from acquisition related expenses going forward. So for that, I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you. So I think you know if you look at the operating statistics, I'm kind of proud of the organization as they've taken on their day job of running their business and the other day job of planning on the integration now well into the integration. It's great to have solid operating results going in. And I think we're starting -- certainly it started the quarter with tailwinds, but it's been an interesting market the last few years. So we're not putting anything in the bank. Jeff read a lot of records off to start with, but I'm sure we'll have records next quarter just because of the combination then the important thing's is going to be how we do on the bottom line in our earnings per share, which as we've said, we didn't expect this transaction to be immediately accretive but believe strategically it will be accretive and very, very strong. I do want to note, as I get into the MK acquisition, net-net, we're ahead on retention and we're behind -- we're doing better on our budget of costs slightly.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Ahead meaning we've spent a little less than we've planned.
Paul C. Reilly: Ahead on retention in terms of percentage of people we've retained. We've had less overlap than we thought in some of the businesses, so we severed a little less, although it's a big number. And you have to remember too, that our MK acquisition, the numbers were based on market conditions in December. We use the December trailing 12, so part of the purchase price adjustment you saw was strong performance at Morgan Keegan. We haven't audited them and we can't give you those numbers. But in the first quarter -- so a lot of the trends that impacted us or impacting them, I can't take this -- it's a little bit of a different business, but we've got some room because of that, if we can keep the people, which is the focus, because the improved conditions in the quarter for them also. We are ahead of retention, as we said. Of those we made offers to in PCG and retention, we've had 98% of them still here at the quarter, and so we've done better in the retention side than we assumed. But we know we'll lose a few more advisors. We don't want to. It's just right so far to date, it's been a smattering 1 or 2 here, no particular direction and just a handful of regrettable losses. But in this market we've always had some given the checks that are put out, but we are ahead of our retention estimates to date and our job over the next year is to make sure that we make people feel at home. So we've done very, very well there. Fixed income, similarly we had less overlap, so although severance numbers, as we talk about as we look forward are significant across the organization, there was less in fixed income and our revenue per producer has been growing there also. So we're hopeful, but we expect more fallout, as you merge accounts and move accounts around, you do lose some sales and trading folks. But again, so far to date, we're ahead of our own budgets and estimates but we don't think that that's done yet and we'll watch closely over this next couple of quarters. Our retention expenses that we've spent are below our estimates, mainly on the capital market side of the business. We've spent less in our issues totally than we originally projected in estimates. We're about slightly below, but above on our projections on the PCG Group. So we feel good about those too. But this is all early. We have -- we know the combinations here. We are, we have fixed income trading off one group of inventories. We have Equity Capital Markets basically all consolidated into the RJA business and the PCG, we're operating dual systems but utilizing marketing, branding, a lot of other things and trying to use all of our resources, marketing, research and everything we can help them during this transition period before we make a systems change over. So, so far so good, but a lot of work ahead of us. So we're optimistic, but know we have a lot of things to do. With that, Jeff, I don't know if you want to make anymore particular comments?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It's hard for us to really accurately project where we're going to be on these future acquisition-related costs. We had originally projected I think $70 million for the fiscal year. The interest will stop now, so it's going to be just the remaining severance related costs and other integration costs that come up for the rest of the year. And we don't have a great handle on that because it's going to be a continuing, evolving number. But I guess if we had to give you a projection for the rest of the fiscal year it'd probably be in the $40 million range plus the $20 million we've already spent gives us $60 million, which will probably come in a little under the $70 million we originally projected. But that's one of these things kind of swallowed up in Paul's forward-looking comments earlier. Paul Matecki, our counsel.
Paul Louis Matecki: There's a good chunk that we've incurred in -- that we'll incur in this quarter especially severance. But as we've told you, we've been deliberate in terms of the integration, going step-by-step and keeping support levels up. But so far so good, the market continues to be reasonably solid. I think the basic business is in good shape and we're focusing on working hard in retentions and no red flags yet on the integration, just a lot of work ahead of us. So with that, I'm going to go ahead and open it up for questions. I'm sure you have a number of them today. And -- so Jennifer, why don't you go ahead and ask for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Joel Jeffrey.
Joel Jeffrey: Just a question. On Morgan Keegan, in terms of their fee-based assets and the additions that you'll get from that deal, did they -- can you give us what the level was at the end of the quarter? And do they typically sort of price off at quarter end levels as well?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We're thinking how to answer that one.
Paul C. Reilly: We're going through the process actually now and again, not having -- we're just finishing kind of the opening audit and balance sheet, so that's why there's a little bit of hesitance here on the numbers. They have more of a stock brokerage business than an asset management sized, a little less fee-based. So we just don't want to give you a number that's not totally accurate yet. That's the only hesitation.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You know they've got $70 billion in retail assets that will be coming over. It'll be on our books. It won't be coming over until next year sometime. But of that, I think -- we think the numbers, just in terms of wrapped fee, we should have a better handle on that, I guess, and we do. It's something around $8 billion is the number we've been told. They're going to make sure they pick up outside discretionary as well as our equivalent nondiscretionary to make sure we get the total correct, not near the percentage that we've got, where we've got 1/3 of our client assets in wrapped fee-type arrangements over $90 billion, including discretionary and nondiscretionary. Their number's between 10% and 15%.
Joel Jeffrey: And do those typically price off quarter end levels?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I believe they're quarterly in advance like -- it's sort of the industry norm.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then in terms of the capital markets revenues, can you just give us a breakdown in terms of -- on the institutional side, what the equity commission line was versus the fixed income institutional line?
Paul C. Reilly: Do we have it here?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: For the quarter, you're talking about?
Joel Jeffrey: Yes.
Paul C. Reilly: What were you asking? An absolute number?
Joel Jeffrey: Yes. Just the level of revenues generated by institution against traditional fixed income business versus the institutional equities business.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: They're about equal at about $36 million each for the quarter.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then I guess just lastly, in terms of -- you guys sound like you had some solid growth at the bank outside the Allied Irish deal. How should we think about loan growth going forward and sort of what you're focusing on there?
Steven M. Raney: Joel, it's Steve. I would anticipate it's growth going forward kind of in the 6% to 7% on an annual basis for the next couple of years. We think that this quarter, growth would be maybe $150 million to $200 million in the loan portfolio. The one item that will be a little unique is, and we don't anticipate it closing this quarter, we anticipate it being in the September quarter but we're working on a plan to purchase the securities face loans from Regions Bank that were referred by Morgan Keegan Financial Advisers. That's about $200 million. So add of that, I think that kind of a good forecast fee to use would be loan growth in the 6% to 7% per year for the next couple of years.
Joel Jeffrey: So that would be inclusive of the growth you've already experienced this year?
Steven M. Raney: Well really, no. I would say, going forward, I would say, obviously the Canadian portfolio that was acquired this quarter and then we had a very robust quarter in the December quarter. So that was really higher than that forecast I'm giving you going forward. I think you're going to see some more temperate growth going forward kind of in the 6% to 7% range.
Joel Jeffrey: And in terms of the types of loans, are they the similar sort of the commercial type loans?
Steven M. Raney: Yes, I mean we're trying to grow our residential portfolio as well, which typically has lower reserves on it compared to the corporate portfolio, but I would say that the asset mix going forward, it'll be roughly equal to what the current mix is. It may be slightly more heavily skewed towards corporate, which would have more reserves associated with it.
Paul C. Reilly: Joel, before you go, let me correct what we said. I gave you the domestic numbers only. When we add Canada and some of the international operations, x total equity institutional commissions are about $56 million, fixed income is $36 million.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Harris.
Christopher Harris: So a really record quarter in Private Client. You guys talked about that, great metrics, great production we're seeing there in that business. I'm really wondering how we can reconcile that strong performance relative to, I guess, some of the other indicators we're seeing that suggests volumes really haven't picked up and referencing kind of trading volumes, trading activity, exchange volumes, margin borrowing looks like it's coming down, retail funds originally not all that robust either. So just wondering if you guys could help us think about that, how your advisers and clients continue to stay active relative to what we're seeing in the market.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We've got a strong fee-based billing business. And so as the markets go up, it really drives our commissions more than anything, more than the trading volume. So we've continued to push our advisers for years to be in the fee-based business to be on the side of the clients so in down markets we get downdraft and in up markets, we get updrafts and that's really driving the business and driving the numbers in PCG, as well as our increasing productivity, which is market and asset gathering driven and net recruiting so...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: If you look at the commission line in Private Client Group, commission and fee line, more than 60% of it is fee-based, recurring revenues. Fee-based meaning that includes things that are time-based as opposed to transaction-based. As that sort of differentiates us, I think, from some of the other Private Client Group comparables.
Christopher Harris: Okay, got it. And then on the NIM, nice increase in the quarter, you mentioned. I'm just wondering how much of that is related to the allied transactions? In other words, if you backed out that deal what would NIM have been in the quarter?
Steven M. Raney: Yes, Chris, we had one month impact of the Canadian loans, there was some extraordinary pay downs in that portfolio even in the 1 month that we had it, which had an impact. That portfolio has NIM in the 8% range going forward. So that's going to have more impact this quarter because we're going to have the full -- the full impact for the entire quarter. I don't know -- I don't have the number off the top of my head what the NIM would have been, absent Canada. Every quarter we have fee recognition on pay downs and payoffs of loans that can be rather lumpy and can skew the NIM number. I do think that going forward, kind of a 3.50% to 3.60% NIM is kind of a good number to use.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Which is higher than we've guided in the past because both we had excess cash balance in the past and then we also didn't have this other portfolio.
Christopher Harris: Okay and on the pay downs, what is the average yield on those loans versus the new loans that you're originating today?
Steven M. Raney: Well it's really been -- when Jeff mentioned that in his comments, those pay downs that impacted provision were loans where we had higher reserves on them, so the NIM on those loans compared to what we're doing on a go forward basis, are approximately equal to one another. So no impact to NIM, but it does have an impact or its impacted us positively over the last few quarters in terms of problem loans, loans that we have higher reserves on paying down, getting good resolution on them, either paying down, restructuring, paying off entirely.
Christopher Harris: And then last question for me, real quick, on the Morgan Keegan transaction. You had mentioned that a little less overlap than you would have thought in the capital markets and so maybe fewer headcount reduction there. What are you guys assuming for how the environment is going to progress over the next year or so as you think about making your employment decisions or your headcount decisions in capital markets?
Paul C. Reilly: First, let me talk about the overlap. We had a significant overlap in the Equity Capital Markets business. We knew that going in. I think our coverage overlap was 86% or something. So we knew we had overlap coming in, but essentially, we ended up with more people than we thought, just good professionals and we kept all the good people we could in there. In fixed income, we were actually surprised. Again, still a good number of severed folks, but less overlap and what we want to do is we think that will, through a natural attrition,  fall a little bit. But we're trying to keep people on higher service levels. And assuming that the market -- you know our strategy over time has been to try to keep people in down markets, and we don't waste out and pay a lot to try to hire people in up markets so our focuses tend to -- to the extent we can, is carry them down, as markets are slower and they pick up we get the benefit of it. And it's been a strategy that's paid off well for over 20 years here being public. And I don't see any difference in our strategy right now.
Operator: Your next question is from Devin Ryan.
Devin Ryan: You guys had a nice quarter for SA hiring. So with the Morgan Keegan integration underway, I just wanted to get a sense of whether you guys are backed off of your hiring efforts outside of the deal or whether you can do both simultaneously?
Paul C. Reilly: Absolutely not. I think in the ECM fixed income business so we're not being as aggressive. We're hiring folks as we're still slotting people in because the size of those businesses and our position -- we are looking at spot hiring in those areas. But in the Private Client Group, we are hiring full speed. We find good people that willing to come in. And again, we're not leaders in transition assistance in the industry by a long shot, but we're continuing hiring. In fact, hiring pace has picked up as you can see in the quarter. Our home office visits have picked up, and we were concerned that the acquisition may slow that down but I actually think it's helped that people see that we're investing in the business, where we think we have a different model of being FA centric and with our advisers choice platform and we know we're -- we don't want to slow down in hiring. In fact, even Morgan Keegan is starting to hire again for the first time in a long time for them and now it's been resolved. So we will go with the market and continue to hire any time we can good people. We haven't slowed that down at all in the Private Client Group.
Devin Ryan: Does it feel like the competitive environment maybe has changed a bit? Cause I just know that a year ago, things were incredibly competitive and there was big upfront packages and so that put a little bit of damper on the ability to hire. So has that dynamic changed at all more recently?
Paul C. Reilly: The dynamic in that there's still big packages out there. The dynamic we've seen are people that have gone through mergers with packages that are wearing down. I just said, it's not the right environment for them. That's not a slam on the other firms, but there's a big difference between the way we operate and some of the larger firms operate in terms of process, financial adviser kind of freedom, the way we serve versus others. And I think that what's happened are people from -- who have served at some of those firms want to go back to an environment they were used to before, some of the consolidation began so that's been the main source of recruiting.
Devin Ryan: And then in regards to the Morgan Keegan integration, I appreciate all the update that you gave. It sounds like both revenues and expenses are trending ahead of original expectations. But I just want to dig in, specifically, on the expenses. Is there any change to your thoughts on the ultimate size of the cost saves, was they are fully phased in?
Paul C. Reilly: I think we take the same approach as first after 20 days, we're not declaring any victory so we have an early trend. As we've told you when we did the acquisition, we tried to budget conservatively and do better. So I'm hoping that we do get some cost savings or grow into capacity as we hire and that's been our strategy. That hasn't changed so, I think that there could be further cost savings in terms of percentage of revenue if the market grows or more cost reductions if we're in a flat market we will size it so to fit but our goal right now is to keep all good people and we get a little revenue growth. It's hard to find good people. Our model has been, keep service levels high, and hopefully we grow into the headcount that we have on both sides.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Devin, it's going to be hard to really know what the savings are from rightsizing the support until we actually go through the integration of the Private Client Group next year. That's going to see a lot of support related to that operation. It's just a little hard to tell right now how it's going to look on a combined basis versus how we're handling it today.
Paul C. Reilly: But our goal is to keep their -- they've got some very, very good people. We want to make sure they have a home to the extent that works out on both sides.
Devin Ryan: Just last one for me, a question for Steve on the bank. Is it reasonable to expect there could be some more reserve releases going forward? And on the Allied Irish acquisition, I believe you mentioned a NIM of 8%, are you going to be hedging that portfolio from here? Is that a good number to think about going forward?
Steven M. Raney: Devin, we already have that hedged. That's a different line item. So the expense associated with the hedging or the impact of the hedging won't be reflected in the NIM. But it will be reflected in other expense items. So you need to factor in approximately around an 8% net interest margin in that portfolio. In terms of reserve releases, our bias is not to do that, it's obviously built loan by loan. We've had a lot of success over the last 18 months or so in terms of problem asset resolution in reducing our criticized loans. We remind you the last couple of years when we got the share national credit exam, we've had, last year was a relatively small, in fact it was a couple of million dollars. It was in the June quarter last year, the prior few years that it had been in the September quarter, we're actually trying to grow loans, which should, you know, should have provision expense and actually increasing our allowance through that process. But we were pleasantly surprised with the credit impact this last quarter and the credit improvement and the impact to our allowance to upgrades and pay downs.
Paul C. Reilly: Devin, I want to be clear, we didn't make any general reserve release. We had releases because loans paid off or paid down in the higher reserves too that it netted out. So this isn't a reserve release, it was a loan by loan result.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But if you're asking where we have additional pay downs and things, I'm sure we will. But we also, like Steve said, hope to have net growth, which would replace it.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. Just one last one on the expenses, the communications and information processing ticked up and I know that you did have some seasonal items there. Could we expect that to come down to more normal levels or levels that have been in previous quarters? Or are we at a higher run rate because of some more permanent expense increases. I think that there's some increased mailings, et cetera in this quarter that might have taken it higher?
Paul C. Reilly: I think just because of the time it occurred with statements and stuff there's increasing -- there's increased mailings. So technology is increasing as the spend, but there is, obviously, from a -- the mailings that come in a quarter, this is where we do get a big jump up and hit. So it's a little bit of both. It's not all there, but it is -- we are continuing to increase our spend in technologies.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We've talked about that for the last several calls, I think, Devin. I mean, I think that technology's kind of reached a little bit of a new plateau here for the foreseeable future as we have a number of big initiatives underway, and some of what Paul has mentioned already.
Paul C. Reilly: So I can't back out the mailing expense for you right now. But we can -- it's a number we could look at.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We don't think it's going to come down dramatically from these levels for a while.
Operator: Your next question is from Douglas Sipkin.
Douglas Sipkin: Just a couple of questions. One -- and I'm pretty sure you guys are going to refrain from giving more color, but I'm just sort of trying to look at Morgan Keegan revenues for March, I guess it was in the regions release and maybe now that we have -- that was sort of the last quarter before the close, how does that compare to what you guys are thinking. I know you guys are modeling a pretty decent sized drop off in sort of the run rate. I guess I remember it being sort of in that low $800 million range, does that March quarter shed any light, make you feel better, make you feel worse, just curious for your thoughts.
Paul C. Reilly: They had -- from what we've seen, they had a good quarter. So they had a very solid quarter, which makes us -- we'd rather -- except outside of paying for the net income, we actually like the fact that their business had a positive momentum also so exactly what the resulting revenue before the retention all settled out it's kind of harder to say but certainly they were doing better as they opened up than they were in December when be projected. And we tried to be conservative on retention and conservative on the revenue to the extent that the run rate is higher and our retention's higher, we should do better. But we'll let you know this quarter. So they do have positive momentum coming in.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It was good to see.
Douglas Sipkin: And then with the Asset Management business, I mean,  continues to do very well. Strategically, any update on what you guys are thinking about that business. I know the strength historically has been small and mid-cap and I know you guys want more international and more large-cap. Any color on efforts there?
Paul C. Reilly: Our efforts continue. It's been very clear. We've been looking systematically at acquisitions and hired firms to help us with lift outs and niche acquisitions focused on the large-cap international spaces and are talking to folks but nothing to announce. So -- but we'll, in our normal Raymond James way be very methodical if we rind the fit, we'll close on it.
Douglas Sipkin: And then just last question, just curious with your increased size now, at FA headcount, have you already started to see maybe a little bit more negotiating power with some product providers? Or is it too early in the days for that? Or just not big enough of an increase in FA count that that's going to change things that much when you negotiate with firms?
Paul C. Reilly: Obviously, we think it will. We treat our -- we treat our --  we have partners in this business. So we have a dialogue and then we've got great relationships with them. Certainly, it hasn't gone unnoticed that our sales forces has increased. We also do some things that we think will put a lift to Morgan Keegan in terms of things we do with some of our partners in the business. So we will see some, we're sure. How much and how significant we don't know yet. But it will be a positive. I don't think it would be a needle mover on it's own. But there are a lot of little pieces that, that we do think it will contribute to this being a good combination.
Operator: And your final question is from Hugh Miller.
Hugh M. Miller: I just had a, I guess, a question for Steve, at the bank. I appreciate the updated guidance on the expected NIM going forward and I realize that the pay downs from some of the potential problem loans has a benefit there. But I was wondering in general for some of the pay downs for loans that aren't substandard or your nonperforming, are you guys benefiting at the margins for many prepayment penalties that may have been embedded in these loans?
Steven M. Raney: Yes, Hugh, what occurs is fees that we earn at closing actually get amortized over the life of the loan and if it was a 5-year loan and the loan pays off, restructures, pays down, other than what the scheduled repayment terms were, we take that as seasoned income. Now the portfolio is of the size now where every quarter we got fees that we don't expect to -- there are payoffs and pay downs that are not part of the scheduled payment structure. So we're recognizing fees every quarter, and it can be a little lumpy. This last quarter, it was a positive impact of the Canadian portfolio, even for that 1 month. The legacy domestic portfolio was about equal to, maybe even slightly lower than the December quarter in terms of pay downs. So our NIM gets impacted by that fee recognition, but each quarter, we're going to have some of that. We could run into a quarter were the NIM gets negatively impacted because we don't have any extraordinary -- or a reduced level of extraordinary pay downs or payoffs.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I don't believe there are prepayment penalties in any of those...
Steven M. Raney: No, none of the corporate loans have any prepayment penalties. It's just fee recognition. Acceleration of unamortized fees.
Hugh M. Miller: Exactly. And that's just -- what I was trying to assess was that, that potential for pressure from there. For some reason you don't start to see the continuation of those pay downs. And then, within the loan portfolio growth that you were guiding to, kind of exclusive for some of these opportunities to purchase loans, 6% to 7%. I realize that the entrance into Canada is expected to be a conservative growth going forward. But how do you think about the target between domestic and Canadian growth in that 6% to 7% forecast? Obviously, it seems like the margin benefits for the Canadian exposure would be substantially more positive?
Steven M. Raney: Well yes, the new business in Canada will have net interest margins and the credit profile is very similar to the U.S. business. So I wouldn't anticipate heavier weighting towards Canada. I would anticipate it being -- right now there's about -- we have about $500 million in outstandings to Canadian-based companies. I would anticipate that percentage growing equal to the domestic business.
Hugh M. Miller: And I apologize,  because I hopped on the call late. But I think you were starting -- or you talked a little bit about the reduction in March average daily commissions versus February and I was wondering if you could just quickly mention again what was it that caused that to pull back more than what may have been expected?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I don't -- I think you misheard that part. Commission revenues were up, I think, sequentially in all of our businesses really.
Hugh M. Miller: No, I was talking about the month of March on an average daily basis was kind of down for the run rate in February and I was wondering whether or not there was [indiscernible] or if it was kind of from an institutional side of the business or any reclassification or something like that?
Paul C. Reilly: Hold on one second.
Hugh M. Miller: And the last question I had was just with regards to -- obviously,  you've talked about retention kind of running in above your expectations for the Morgan Keegan deal. But I was wondering if you guys have given any updated insight into your expectations for the total percentage of the advisers that you anticipate will probably stick with the company?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think we told people that we kind of have this 90% kind of retention rate. From the original numbers we said 10% that we would lose and our redundancies and 10% of -- and loss just being unable to hold them. And I would just say the redundancies have been less than we thought and the fallout has been less to date. So obviously, retaining the revenue is the #1 goal and that's why we've gone very deliberate on expenses to keep service levels high and that hasn't changed. So we're ahead of where we thought we'd be. But we've been joined as a family now for 20-some days. So we're not going to declare a victory on the trend. So we're sticking by the estimates. We thought they were conservative when we made them, but time will tell. The other upside is their business is up. So that's obviously helping too. We acquired a business that had much better momentum than when we negotiated the purchase.
Paul C. Reilly: Hugh, I'm just looking, I'd say that total commissions were down slightly in March versus February.
Hugh M. Miller: I think that there were a couple of more days in March relative to February as well.
Paul C. Reilly: Per day basis is even -- I don't have an explanation. The only thing unusual that comes to mind other than we participate heavily on our own offerings.
Unknown Executive: I think it has to do with the number of days, because the assets -- the fee-based assets, are impacted by days of transaction, they're just a monthly number..
Hugh M. Miller: That's a good point. That's true. Okay.
Unknown Executive: [indiscernible]
Paul C. Reilly: There's nothing that happened in March. I mean if -- March and going into April has been an uptrend not a downtrend so...
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Paul C. Reilly: Well great. I think that -- again, after a very solid quarter, which we are I'm proud of, of our folks that worked very hard to keep the business going and to welcome the Morgan Keegan people. The fit from a cultural standpoint is as good as we thought it was. And you have glitches and you have people changing jobs. This has been a challenge and will continue to be a challenge as people settle in. But it's gone much better than we thought to date. It's good to have an economic environment that gives us some tailwinds moving into the quarter. And we'll continue to slug it out here. So I appreciate your time on the call. Jeff, did you have something?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We look forward to seeing most of you at our Analyst Day next week. Our annual Analyst Day...
Paul C. Reilly: And if some of you can't get there, we still have some slots open.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: So please attend.
Paul C. Reilly: Great. Well thank you all very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-01-26 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brooke, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Raymond James Quarterly Analyst Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] To the extent that Raymond James makes forward-looking statements regarding management expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated expense savings, financial results, anticipated results of litigation and regulatory proceedings and other similar matters, a variety of factors, many of which are beyond Raymond James' control, could cause actual results and experiences to differ materially from the expectations and objectives expressed in these statements. These factors are described in Raymond James' 2011 annual report on Form 10-K, which is available on raymondjames.com and sec.gov. In addition to those factors, in connection with the Morgan Keegan transaction, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking or historical performance. The possibility that regulatory and other approvals and conditions to the transaction are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all. The possibility that modifications to the terms of the transaction may be required to obtain or satisfy such approvals or conditions; changes in the anticipated timing for closings -- closing the transaction; difficulty integrating Raymond James and Morgan Keegan's businesses or realizing the projected benefits of the transaction; the inability to sustain revenue in earnings growth; the changes in capital markets; and diversion of management time on transaction related issues. Thank you. Mr. Reilly, you may begin.
Paul C. Reilly: Great. Well, good morning, and thank you. And now that Brooke has explained that we can't forecast the future, we'd like to talk about really the first quarter of this year and what I would call kind of a difficult quarter for the capital markets overall in our industry. But I think solid results given where we are. As we said, we reported net income of $67,325,000 or $0.53 per diluted share. Again, as compared to a record quarter a year ago, obviously down but fairly flattish with the last quarter, as we put in our release. We go through the business, different business units, I think you could see where kind of the headwinds were. Starting with the Private Client Group, our wrap fee assets were down 6% coming into the quarter. And as you know, we bill in advance on our retail accounts and those fees, and that gave us a headwind. In the PCG group, we just weren't able to make that up on the commission volume. But if you look at this quarter, with the S&P up 11%, we'd estimate we'll reverse that and be up 6% or 7% this quarter as a starting point. So although we had a -- not over robust because of our beginnings, we could make it up in the commissions area. In the Private Client Group, we should be up, reversed to a better start this quarter. As you can see, our Financial Advisor account was up slightly in all of our segments, as we continue to recruit. So I think going into the quarter, we'll get a better start there. Probably really the story of the quarter was the Equity Capital Markets business. As you know, the industry didn't have the best quarter in the world, and we weren't any different. We kind of had a lot of pieces going against us. This isn't really reflective of backlog, but just, I think, of a more uncertain market last quarter. Underwriting fees in the U.S. were down slightly but down more significantly in Canada. We had -- last year, our commission volumes were down, and ECM is a -- were overall in the market. And M&A was down. It was down, really, because it's just a lumpier business for us. I don't think, again, in backlog, anything really stands out. But the quarter -- they were down for the quarter. And our Tax Credit Funds last quarter had a very big quarter, and not as good of a quarter this month -- this quarter. So if you add that all together, we had a lot of headwinds into the Equity Capital Markets segment. But again, not backlog related, but I do think market related. Fixed income kind of started to recover from a poor quarter, the previous quarter, as it was in the industry. And especially, December was pretty strong, and January was off to a good start also. So -- but -- so most of that Capital Markets numbers you see are really focused on the Equity Capital Markets segment. On the Asset Management business, again we had a slight down-draft because of our billings. But you can see that the assets under management are up 9%. So a reasonable quarter given the start, we do, as you can see from the earnings from the segment, do have leverage in that segment. So as the revenue's up, we get a leverage up or down on the pretax profits from there. So I think, again, we should bode well a good start on the Asset Management business. Also, if you start to move to the bank, very, very good quarter, probably our second best quarter of earnings. And everything was kind of a positive for the bank this quarter. Our assets were up $467 million or 7%, both from loan origination and kind of secondary loan purchases. You could see that we reported that the net loan loss provision was really related to growth. That doesn't mean we didn't have some ups and downs in the portfolio, but credit was very -- still solid. And really, the net part of that loan loss provision had to do with booking the new loans. Now that $467 million did not include the Irish -- the Allied Irish Bank loan purchase, which we do expect to happen in this quarter. And the reason we're more comfortable with that approval process is we finally have had our approval to convert to a national bank from the OCC, and that will result to us in becoming a bank holding company and then a financial holding company under the Federal Reserve. And we plan that to happen on February 1. So all in all, I think given the markets, a decent quarter, we should have some -- where we had headwinds coming into this quarter, we should have some tailwinds in our favor. Coming back to this quarter, Capital Markets are still uncertain, but we feel very good about the -- our position. Now you can almost say, if there's a seasonal quarter in this business, I'm not sure the last few years have showed any season, it is the fourth quarter of the calendar year, so I think the markets may have taken a little vacation. But the management at Raymond James didn't take any vacation, as we were working on the Morgan Keegan transaction. And I will save the comments talking about that until after Jeff gives us some more color on some of the numbers. So Jeff, let me turn it back over to you.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Okay. And looking at the overall financials, margins actually held up pretty well relative to the previous quarter, in fact, even higher. It just was really more a matter of lower revenue generation. When you see the actual reported results next to last year, you need to bear in mind that last year's first quarter was our all-time is, our all-time record quarterly earnings of $81.7 million, so that one's going to be a tough one to compare against. A couple of other comments. The book value per share ended the quarter at $21.34. Tangible book value ended at $20.76. There wasn't a whole lot of bouncing around in the equity this particular quarter. It was pretty much earnings minus our dividend, which the board elected the whole flat this year, by the way, as you may have seen, versus a $0.02 raise in the prior year, and minus some stock repurchases that we did at the very beginning of the quarter, about 394,000 shares in October, for $10 million. That math works pretty close to where we ended equity. ROE for the quarter was about 10.3%, trailing last quarter's 10.7% and last fiscal year just by comparison, inclusive of the ARS charges, about 11.25%, 11.3%. And exclusive of the ARS charge on an operating-type basis, it was about 12.25%. Two things that are going to fluctuate pretty much regularly with our revenue in pretax income generation up and down are the comp ratio. As you can see, comp ratio is measured as a percentage of revenues, while a lot of the variable comp is self-adjusting as the revenue items rise and fall. We do have a fairly good level of embedded compensation expense. So as revenues decline, that ratio's naturally going to creep up, and that's sort of what happened this quarter is it crept up versus last quarter. Again, it was mainly a revenue-driven decline. The other thing that's going to sort of have the same effect is the tax rate because within our tax calculations, there are a couple of items that are relatively fixed such as ISO expense and nondeductible meals in entertainment and things like that, that don't vary as much as the revenues bounce around. So -- and that's also why the tax rate crept up. So those 2 things. And of course, they would work just the opposite in a robust revenue-type quarter. I would -- the one other thing I would mention on the  comp ratio is that for comparison to peers, I've mentioned this before, didn't do the exact math this quarter. But just by rule of thumb right now, based on our relative mix, to adjust for peer comparison purposes, you have to adjust it downward by about 6 or 7 percentage points to account for the higher payout that we have to independent contractor financial advisors. The last thing I would really like to talk about is net interest. It was actually up $7.6 million versus the preceding quarter, back to the mid-80s in terms of millions for the quarter. And this particular quarter was virtually all due to do bank, where we had some higher level of fees recognized once again, but we also were benefiting from some of the corporate loan growth that we have put on really starting the previous quarter, not the December quarter, where we're starting to see some good net loan growth again. And just as a final comment, if there are questions, granular questions, on the bank's results, Steve Raney is with us here as well. Paul?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I just like to make some quick comments kind of updating you on the Morgan Keegan transaction, although I think this is around the ninth business day since the announcement, which does seem like months ago because of our work. That whole process has gone very well. The top 13 managers have agreed to stay with us through that. I know that there was one group that made a comment they wondered if we'd have sufficient management for this and that we take little responsibility that we probably didn't give them enough information pre-transaction. So we have their total management team and our total management team. If you wanted to follow it, say we're kind of overmanaged in this process. But again, as we told you, we were very, very focused on the transitions, getting people on board and moving forward. The integration process is going well. We had 85 of 85 branch managers meeting with us for Morgan Keegan, understanding our platform, going through the fit. And what we find, both in payout structures and cultures are very, very strong fit. We've had our top 6 [ph] fixed income managers on both groups have met here already and then had a further second meeting going through where the integration challenges may be there. Management teams have gelled very, very well and I think performing well. ECM has made a tour of most of the banking groups already and has met with them one-on-one and then going through the process as well as in Memphis. And we've had our techs and ops group. I think 19 people down going through the various areas of integration from compliance to regulatory to ops to tech. And again, means are going very well in a good cultural fit. So we're very, very early in the process, and I'm sure there'll be bumps along the road. But so far, very, very good. And all indications are the culture fit that we were anticipating has been spot on, as well as I've been to Memphis addressing 800 of their people on the process. We're going through our filings from the Hart-Scott -- the DOJ filing, getting ready in the Fed, not really approvals but going through the process of showing them where we are in this in the process and why we think it's a good fit. So on that, all on board, early days. And we feel very good about it. And we realized it's a lot of work. And we're making sure that management is focused both on continuing to deliver results as we go through this integration. So we are very, very busy. And we hope to close it at the end of the quarter as our target date because it fits in nicely with the quarter and what we think the various approval, timings and integration processes will be. So with that in the room, you've heard from Jeff, we have our Chairman, Tom James; Paul Matecki, Legal, returning from the back; and Jennifer Ackart, our Controller, all here. And let's go ahead, Brooke, and open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joel Jeffrey.
Joel Jeffrey: Can you just -- I appreciate some of the color you gave on sort of what was going on in the Capital Markets business. Can you give us a breakdown more specifically on the revenues that came out in the fixed income business versus the equities business on the trading side?
Paul C. Reilly: On the trading, almost all of our trading profits more than -- usually, more than 100% of our trading profits are fixed income. We don't take proprietary positions. So we just have facilitation losses in ECM. And so the profits, if you look at trading profit numbers, more than 100% is fixed income. But I can tell you, it was skewed to December, too. The market started picking up and have continued to pick up from a slower start at the beginning of the quarter, and it continued to gain speed. But it's almost all fixed income.
Joel Jeffrey: I'm sorry, I probably should have said brokerage, not itself as trading.
Jennifer C. Ackart: Joel, you're referring to commissions or...
Joel Jeffrey: Yes, the institutional commissions for fixed income versus equity.
Paul C. Reilly: Equity Capital Markets was relatively flat with last quarter, so is fixed income. But not really a big variation versus the preceding quarter.
Jennifer C. Ackart: Commissions in capital markets were generally flat overall.
Paul C. Reilly: So it was really more on the shortfall from the previous quarters on the banking side, not on the brokerage side.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then just thinking about the...
Paul C. Reilly: And I'm sorry, one more point. There's another operation within capital markets called Tax Credit Funds, which you've heard us talk about in the past, which had a very, very big quarter in September. It was pretty normal as they build throughout the year in a much -- the clients' probably $10 million swing in revenues between the last quarter and this one, and that's just that operation. But that exacerbates it to some extent.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then just thinking about the growth you guys have had at the bank in the loan portfolio, like can you talk -- are you doing anything differently in terms of the strategy on how you're growing the loan portfolio? Is it still more acquired loans? Or is there a push to do some fort of a organic origination?
Paul C. Reilly: The strategy hasn't changed. And we've been an organic originator, but when we find times, we go into the secondary markets and get good loans. And usually to add on the positions, we continue to be opportunistic in that. So...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: The only change I would mention is, as you've heard us say, is we're trying to get ourselves more into a lead position in some of these, particularly with our own Equity Capital Markets clients to get into more of a fee-generating type of role with respect to some of these facilities instead of being just a participant.
Paul C. Reilly: And Joel, we are doing more mortgage loan originations, residential mortgage originations on our own platform now, too. We had our biggest quarter ever in December in that business. And that led to us a residential loan thing roughly flat quarter-over-quarter. So that new production replaced the runoff in the quarter.
Joel Jeffrey: And then just staying with the bank, I apologize if I missed it earlier, but what was the reason again for the pickup in net interest spread quarter-over-quarter?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Average loan balances were higher quarter-over-quarter. We used more of the -- of our cash that was sitting there, earning a very, very low spread. And then there was incrementally some additional corporate loan fees that were taken into income as a result of paydowns and payoff of loans. So those 2 factors contributed to the higher net interest margin.
Joel Jeffrey: And is this sort of a sustainable level? Or do you think the fees were sort of onetime? Does it come back down a little bit?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. There's been a little volatility in that, Joel, quarter-over-quarter. The December quarter was higher than September, but it was actually about equal to the prior December 2010 quarter. Loan balances for this quarter, for the March quarter, actually, is going to be higher than the prior quarter. So we've been intentionally putting some of our liquidity to work. I would mention that I would not expect our corporate loan growth absent the closing of the Allied Irish purchase that Paul referenced that we're anticipating closing later on this month. Absent that, excluding that, we would anticipate loan balances to grow at a lower rate this year -- this quarter.
Joel Jeffrey: And then just, I guess, lastly on the Allied Irish. Are you guys still expecting to take an upfront provision, I think it was $7 million, you talked about?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. That will be impacted by the final loan balance that we're going to be closing on. I think that the loan balance may be a little bit lower now as it's taken more time to get this close. It could be below -- it could be between $6 million and $7 million at this point, Joel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Harris.
Daniel F. Harris: So as the transition happens to the Fed versus your prior regulator, I was wondering if you see any changes in how you guys evaluate your loan portfolio, your capital -- or your ability to upstream capital in any way? I mean one of the things we saw last night in a bank that moved from the OTC -- OTS to the OCC was a pretty big qualitative adjustment. I was wondering if you can comment on anything like that.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. First, we are -- -- we have -- we're already under Fed jurisdiction as a holding company, so that's not really the change. It's just the form of going from a thrift holding company to a bank and financial holding company. As far as the OCC, you have to remember that most of our loans are shared national credits and have been reviewed by the OCC always. And the OCS has taken kind of those ratings because that's the Fed's most secured national credits of the originator. So the Fed's been in here in a pre-exam. They're back in. I'm sure there'll be slight differences. But I think philosophically, we don't anticipate really any changes of significance.
Daniel F. Harris: Okay. That's good. Switching gears here to the recent transaction, how does that deal do 2 things: first of all, impact your aggressiveness in pursuing new advisors this year and what could be a decent environment given retention bonus roll-offs; and then two, thoughts about the -- any potential acquisition in the Asset Management which you guys have been focused on for the last few years?
Paul C. Reilly: I think we looked at both of those as independent. I mean, I'm not going to say there's going to be a 0 management distraction through the integration, but our goal has always been organic growth. We have our home offices that are up. And we continue to bring people through. We're very focused on recruiting. And through this -- after -- through this transaction and after, we're going to focus on organic growth, as we always have. So this was just an unusual opportunity to bring it in. So we're going to continue to recruit on both sides, both the employee side, which is what Morgan Keegan really is, and the independent side, where management is not really involved as much on the integration. They're continuing to recruit. So our focus on recruiting really hasn't changed.
Daniel F. Harris: Okay. Is it right to think that this year should be, on a relative basis, better versus last year as the maturation of those retention bonuses sort of hits 3-plus years that were really granted in 2009, and if anything, we should see an acceleration off of what seem like a little bit of a decline in this current quarter in headcount?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We -- this current quarter, we're actually up in headcount. But the home offices, its numbers are up. So we would anticipate that's usually a leading indicator of recruiting. The people sign on, and so we would anticipate it being improving this quarter over last quarter -- I mean, this year over last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hugh Miller.
Hugh M. Miller: I had a couple of questions on the bank. I guess, first, Steve, you sort of talked a little bit about the sustainability of the NIM given the loan portfolio expansion, maybe some nonrecurring benefits from the paydowns in the quarter but also just an improvement in the level of nonperforming assets. I was wondering though, can you -- I don't think you really mentioned about what your view is about the sustainability of the adjusted NIM from the current quarter.
Steven M. Raney: I think that it's -- there's some pressure on it that we've talked about. I think that it's within 10 or 15 basis points of that over the next 12 months is...
Paul C. Reilly: Which is higher than we did before, and the Canadian acquisition will only help that.
Steven M. Raney: Yes, that's correct. That will help our yield.
Paul C. Reilly: We, again, had to try to be conservative in our modeling, but it's held up higher than we would have forecast.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. I appreciate that. And I guess as we think about the dynamics of your operations working at a single office, your ability to kind of purchase loans and participate in some of the shared national credits, we're obviously seeing some improvements in the operating margin, both from the leverage and also the improved asset quality. But how should we be thinking about the incremental operating margin as a bank and kind of takeout margins as you look at that business?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I don't see a material change from this point forward. We are going to close on the Allied Irish purchase. We had a pretty dramatic growth in the December quarter. I think that we're going to intentionally -- I think the growth pattern's going to be slower going forward over the next few quarter. We're going to obviously be integrating this Canadian acquisition. We've already, as I've mentioned in prior quarters here, we've started doing some business in Canada. We have a handful of loans to Canadian-based companies that we have an institutional relationship with. We are growing our mortgage business. But I think that it's going to be relatively nominal growth from this point forward over the next year or so. And I think that our operating margin should be relatively consistent. And we've been able to leverage a very unique business model. We have a very low FTE, and therefore, our operating efficiencies are pretty high at this point. But I don't anticipate dramatic improvement in that going forward.
Paul C. Reilly: We are kind of targeting a net growth of $1 billion in loans for the year. And we -- you've seen for $450 million of it in the first quarter, and Canada's going to be another $400 million. So it won't take much in addition to that to get to our budgeted levels.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. I appreciate the insight there. I guess moving to some questions in the retail segment, I know last year in December, you kind of had a substantial lift in retail commissions from the rollout of your annual best ideas product. I was wondering, how much of a fact did that kind of played for this December, whether or not it was a strong benefit?
Paul C. Reilly: That was actually down slightly. So it's not a huge impact. But it's about half of what it was last year.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And then I realized that there's typically kind of a lag, and we see a reduction in market volatility and when you might see clients start to kind of improve their interest in kind of taking on some risks and possibly getting a little bit more positive about equity investing. I was just wondering whether or not in January, if your hearing anything from your advisers, if they kind of sense that this may be on the cusp of starting to happen, or if that's not really much of a factor.
Paul C. Reilly: I think that's really the call. The investors are conservative and have been investing not to lose money. And certainly, up markets help and you see an increase. But I don't think you're going to take 20 days and change the attitude after people have been through last year, certainly. I think the election's adding a lot of uncertainty, and people are waiting. So we're just anticipating kind of this zone of range of market. And so I think things get sorted out.
Hugh M. Miller: Okay. And last question I have is on the Capital Markets business. I mean obviously, you talked about the backlog. You talked about the climate having to kind of improve in order to see some improvement in that business. I was wondering, I guess, what areas within the Equity Capital Markets do you really see poised for a rebound ahead of the others? What are you more excited about? And what do you think has to happen at this point now in order to kind of get the ball rolling?
Paul C. Reilly: We've got -- obviously, our energy and our REIT markets have performed relatively well. And the better the markets, even the better the activity in there because we're very well positioned. We certainly made a bet on tech. And those markets aren't robust to the extent tech rebounds will do better there. I think it's just really across the board, in the M&A business we're pretty broad. And that backlog looks good. And obviously, the better the market, generally, the better activity there right now. So we -- and the course, with the Howe Barnes, we've made a bet in the big space. And this is in the price range. What happened in the last quarter, if you look at banking pricing, a lot of banks didn't want to sell at that price. And a lot of banks didn't want to raise equity with that pricing. So the extent that market, which has picked up since then, continues to be solid, I think we'll get better performance there, too. So...
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Devin Ryan.
Devin Ryan: Almost all my questions have been asked here, but just maybe a couple of follow-ups to some prior questions. So the Allied Irish portfolio acquisition, I think the yield that you guys had been given before was a little bit over 7% on an unhedged basis. Is that still the case given a little bit of shrinkage there? And how much hedging do you guys can speak to in there?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Devin, I would still say that's approximately the yield that we're anticipating in the portfolio on an unhedged basis. We're going through, as we're now getting a lot closer to closing on this, finalizing all of our hedging strategies. We've been talking to some hedging consulting firms, relying on some expertise that we have because we do provide some hedging for our borrowing clients with our Capital Markets professionals. So we're working through that right now. So I don't really have an answer in terms of -- the execution of that hedging has not been finalized yet. But the yield is still approximately in that 7-plus percent range.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think it's fair statement to say we would hedge -- hedge is pretty substantially because we're not anxious to have FX gains and losses in the $5 million to $10 plus million range bouncing around every quarter in the banks or loans.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We're having to go through and forecast what we anticipate paydowns and new advances to be in new business. And so there's the...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Part art, part science.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes.
Devin Ryan: And then just in terms of moving from the OTS to the OCC, is there any added or onetime expenses as a result of that? And then will that also free up any capital, just given how some loans will be classified?
Paul C. Reilly: I think it will, first, run on really onetime expenses outside of what seem like a perpetual filing cost -- professional expenses. So there are no real changes in levels of expenses from there. And in terms of capital, it's actually because we really have been operating more like a commercial bank that does free up capital, because we got into some thrift real estate test that actually added to capital. But that frees up.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We're actually in the middle of our safety and soundness exam right now, Devin. And as you know, we went through a pre-conversion exam in the fall. And we went through one a few years ago. So we've had a lot of prior dealings with the OCC. And now it's a merged agency, and we actually have some of our former examination team on the OTS that are still involved with us. So not a terrible amount of change, and we're certainly prepared for any of -- we're well aware now of what to expect and how we'll be working with them.
Devin Ryan: Got it. And so I'm assuming that, that amount of capital that's freed up was already contemplated prior to the Morgan Keegan deal and the capital raise plans for that.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, yes.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay. Great. And then just within other expenses. I know that item can bounce around quite a bit from quarter to quarter. But it looked quite a bit lower than it has in recent quarters. So I don't know if there's any color you can give there, whether or not that's sustainable or that should kind of pick back up in maybe the upper 20s or $30 million a quarter where it has been.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You got us scrambling.
Jennifer C. Ackart: Devin, I would tell you, it's running a little bit lower than the first.
Devin Ryan: Okay. That's fine. And then just lastly, another cleanup item here, just within the minority interest. I know that there's a number of items that can impact that. But just wanted to see if there's anything given that, that number was fairly high again this quarter. I want to see maybe what's in there.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We're looking again here, Devin.
Jennifer C. Ackart: Yes. That wasn't coming because, Devin, that was particularly out of line.
Paul C. Reilly: That's the same as the last -- as the preceding quarter. But that's the minority holder share losses in Latin America and the U.K., some of the consolidated Tax Credit Funds, those 3 businesses. Last year, we had some big banking fees and things in Latin America that caused us to actually go the other way, more than we have in recent history. But these are all add-backs to earnings, as you can see.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Steven M. Raney: Let me make a clarification while we can. There seems to be some confusion in the room when Joel Jeffrey was on the line and asked about capital markets commission volumes. We had said they're pretty flat. We actually were comparing it to the immediately preceding quarter, not to the last year's first quarter, which was a much more active equity underwriting environment, et cetera. They're down over 20% from last year's first quarter, but they're about flat with the immediately preceding quarter. I can't remember which one he was asking about, but we answered it relative to the preceding quarter.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Paul C. Reilly: Well, great. We thank you for joining us this morning. I think that we have some tailwinds starting this quarter, but the market is certainly uncertain. Our businesses, I do think, are operating in good shape. We're focused both still on delivering the numbers this quarter in Morgan Keegan. So we're busy over here, but we're optimistic, really, about both. So thank you for joining us this morning, and we'll talk to you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-10-20 08:15:00) =====
Paul C. Reilly: Good morning and welcome. I'm joined here by an all-star cast of Jeff Julien, Tom James, Steve Raney, Jennifer Ackart, Paul Matecki and Chet Helck. So you'll be able to ask any questions and some numbers that have a little bit of a noise going in and out. But all in all a very, very strong year and I think a very solid quarter. Of course, this marks our 95th consecutive quarter of profitability. Something we don't like to forget here. We've performed through all markets here up and down and very proud of the results and reflecting just for a second on our year results, up 14% for a record net revenue, $3.33 billion and up 22% for a record net income of $278 million. I don't think there are too many companies that will report this year who haven't gone through acquisitions, record numbers on both lines. If you really think about it, some $450 million of pretax income with a net ARS charge of around $41 million or $42 million this year and if you added back income potential from spread on cash of $90 million potential we talked about, there's an awful a lot of earnings power here at Raymond James and I think it's a very, very solid year. The quarter had a little bit of noise moving through it. I'm going to have Jeff go through some of the tax provisions and things a little bit later but net-net, if you look at our GAAP EPS it was probably boosted a little bit by around $0.02 with ARS and about $0.04 for really downdraft from the COLI adjustment on taxes and some other tax adjustments that we'll get into a little bit later that probably bunched up in the quarter. But if you look at operating earnings, very, very solid for the quarter also given a very, very uncertain market. There are 4 kind of separate stories in here. If you look at our major segments, there's the PCG segment, performed extremely well. We know that the S&P was down 14.3% to 500, our assets under administration down only 8% and revenue only down 1% so very, very strong performance in the PCG segment, really driven by record productivity. Our employee channel about $543,000, which is a record; our independent channel about $357,000; and RJL, $373,000 all kind of record productivity numbers from our financial advisers. Although net recruiting was up slightly in terms of financial adviser accounts, we're seeing a fairly significant lift in the number of people looking at Raymond James and coming through for visits as there seems to be, especially on the employee side, a much more interest in our platform and interest in moving from certain firms. So all in all, we had a very strong performance in the quarter aided a little bit by that a good percentage of our assets are billed in advance, which will be a little challenge going into the next quarter, a little bit of the headwind for this segment as you know as with the assets down and our pre-billings as we go into the next quarter put a little bit a drag on PCG but very, very strong and well-positioned. Our Asset Management business similarly had a very strong quarter and year, up 54% really pretax over last year's fourth quarter. Our assets under management were down 12% but we've experienced very good inflows into the business with the Dow down and, again, I think very solid performance given a very, very rocky market. Raymond James Bank. We're kind of proud that loans were up almost $300 million for the quarter and that's before the Allied Irish Bank acquisition, which did not happen in the quarter as we talked in the operating release. We expect that to happen next quarter. A little bit of noise that Jeff will probably get into a little more detail but if you really look at our net interest rate spread, it's biased a little bit by about a $1.3 billion in extra deposits and the reason those deposits are in there is that with capacity in our bank sweep program being pretty well maxed out, we were able to put those deposits into the bank and get FDI insurance and earn a smaller spread but a spread, a positive spread for the company and a return for our clients and some FDIC insurance. If you took out those extra deposits, our spread was down slightly from 347 bps to 333 bps so we've been talking about a target being near closer to 325. And you can see, it came down slightly but still very, very solid. Credit quality continued to improve and I think the bank has performed very, very well. We also have a refiling, it's a technical refiling of our bank holding company application, given that our application's been out for a long period of time through auction rate securities and other issues, we technically have withdrawn it, resubmitting it but expect approval very quickly into this quarter and expect that to be completed this quarter so I call it more of a technical change than a change in direction for the bank holding company application and conversion. Capital markets was kind of the story for the quarter just because there's a lot going on as we've read and other company's even generating losses in their capital markets segments. We did not, despite the difficulty in this market. Our IPOs, the IPO market was basically shut for 2 months as we all know. And ECM and the secondary offerings faced a very, very difficult market. As you see from our stats, which don't always really indicate the volume but indicate direction, our number of legion-managed deals between Canada and the U.S. were down from 15 to 8. Commission volume was down 9% domestically on the equity commissions for ECM, so very challenging market going up, going into the quarter. In spite of that, if you look at the results, we've continued to build out. We've had a number of very senior tech hires we've announced, senior new tech hires during the quarter. We have the Howe Barnes acquisition closing previously where we're still carrying people also. Those markets, the big market's been a little slow. It's all the investment banking businesses really have been. But even with all that, you can see the results were still positive. Tax Credit Funds had a strong month with help and our M&A activity was very strong that if you look at M&A revenue it was flat really from the last quarter than the preceding year's last quarter, but those we're very, very strong quarters for us in the M&A business. So and backlog in all the business, both in banking and in M&A look very, very robust. Obviously, we think M&A will continue to perform pretty well. The Banking business is going to depend really on the capital markets going forward, which are certainly uncertain. Fixed income because of a low interest environment, rate environment, the flat yield curve, the U.S. domestic downgrade, the noise to Europe, it's been a very challenging business. We eked out what I call a trading profit for the quarter, very, very small in fixed income. Commissions were up 11% though over the last quarter. I guess it was the positive news but very challenging market and has continued to be challenging into this quarter. So with all that, we're still slightly profitable in the capital markets business, which I think is a good sign. And with the pickup of the market, I do think we have earnings power there also. So that was kind of the overall from a business segment standpoint. I'm going to turn it over to Jeff to give us a little more color on some of the numbers and then talk about going forward a little bit. Jeff?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Let me talk just to -- add a little color to each of the segments or to some of the segments. Within the Private Client Group segment, this past quarter, we've done -- we continue to do recurring revenue calculations to steer our businesses in that direction and for the quarter, about 60% of the Private Client Group revenues are recurring revenues, which is the highest it's ever been and again, that's without interest earnings that we've -- at the same spread level we've historically been used to which would increase that number even further. It was as I know you noticed, I hope, in the press release, the FA count has resumed its upward climb at least. It was up 20% for the quarter and 23% for the year, not robust net recruiting results but at least moving in the right direction. And then Paul mentioned assets under administration while they were down 8% for the quarter, they were up 3% for the year so we still had a slight increase year-over-year. People ask me a lot how much are your assets under administration correlated to the move in the equity markets. I've told people that it's not scientific but about I think about 60% to 65% of our assets are equity-related. We have to get a little better at looking through mutual funds and annuities and other packaged products to really tell and the 8% move this quarter relative to the 14% move in the S&P 500 sort of bears that out but that's about the right sensitivity. In the Asset Management sector, assets under management, which are more closely tied to the equity markets as that's the vast majority of our managed assets, they were down 12% for the quarter but again, up 7% year-over-year and that's in the face of a slightly down S&P so that obviously shows we've had good net flows throughout the year in that segment. Standing on the bank just a little bit, the loan growth for the year was about $450 million and about 2/3 of that came here in this last quarter. So we've had a lot of late loan growth in the bank as we finally have identified some opportunities, particularly in the secondary market. The net interest spread, we are carrying, I guess on average in that quarter, about actually $1.3 billion of cash above and beyond our normal cash liquidity level. We didn't strip out all the cash in getting to the adjusted rate. We just stripped it down to our traditional liquidity levels in the bank, which gave us that 3.33% spread that you see in the press release. We will continue to report that this way as long as we're carrying these cash balances in excess of our targets. Again, they don't hurt us right now. They're good for earnings and ROE. We put them into the Fed which is a zero-risk weighted asset class so it's not hurting any of our capital ratios other than the TCE ratio, the total assets and we're sensitive to that as well. But it's been certainly a negative to the overall spread. That's why we'll continue to report it both ways. Paul mentioned credit quality, this provision of $5.4 million for the quarter. It's the lowest we've had in quite a while and $33.7 million for the year compares to $80.4 million in the prior year so a 58% improvement, which we hope that any future growth in the provision from these levels we hope is related to actual growth in loan balances, not credit problems. Some overall comments. On the P&L you may have noticed we added a line item called account and service fees. We had various fee revenues flowing through what was formerly called financial service fees and also some of them flowing through other revenues and it was somewhat confusing, and I will say it's even internally, which ones belong to where so what we have done is combined all the fees that we get from clients and vendors, et cetera, into account and service fees into 1 line item. And we will be putting a table in MD&A that shows the major components of that line item because it's a fairly big number as you can see on the income statement. That would give you better detail over that and I think that's a better presentation, particularly with the detailed table. We had a slight ARS reversal in the quarter. We were estimating in June about $45 million charge, a valuation charge on what we thought we would repurchase. It turned out we ended up buying less than we thought we would. We reserved for everyone that was eligible. Everyone that was eligible didn't respond or has already liquidated another place or, et cetera, et cetera; or had they cut it out and we never found the people, et cetera. So we ended up buying about $245 million face value of ARS versus $280 million to $290 million estimate that we had originally and that resulted in a $41 million valuation reserve versus the $45 million that we were estimating. So we had a $3.5 million reversal here in this particular quarter. I would expect that to be -- we won't even have that line item going forward. Whatever little activity there is, over time, will probably just be in the other category. By the way, now that we've combined these account and service fees into 1 line item, there's really very little flowing through the other revenues and the biggest, probably the single biggest item that'll be going through there is the write-ups and write-downs in private equity that we have had in the past, particularly in the prior quarter that we've talked about last time. For the entire firm, recurring revenue was, not much change right on 55% for the year. We're again still hopeful that over time, particularly with interest, that, that increases. Tax rate obviously was very distorted this particular quarter. As I've seen in some of the notes already this morning, COLI was the biggest factor. We've been victims of this before in both good and bad markets. It does distort our tax rate as we have about $120 million, going into this quarter, of face value -- of life insurance value that suffered about a $15 million loss in the quarter, which is a nondeductible loss. That was about 5% additional on the tax rate for the quarter. The other couple percentage points really relate to truing up our actual expense for the year as we complete some of the returns and estimates to what we had provided throughout the year. And what we have found is that as more states get aggressive and requiring consolidated returns and some are even raising rates. We've had 1 raise and I guess a couple on tap to raise rates next quarter and get more aggressive in interpreting what's includable in their state's revenue and get more aggressive about auditing, et cetera, that our overall state tax provision was a little light and we will be adjusting that going forward. And for those of you doing models, we'll probably end up using a 39% blended rate or something going forward in 2012 to reflect that. So that really is a lot of that this last 2% of the tax provision belonged throughout the year but it all was a catch-up in this fourth quarter. The ROE for the quarter was 10.7%, for the year 11.3%. But if we eliminate the ARS activity for the year, it was about 12.25%, so still at the very low end of the range that we'd like to see. Again, we're not enjoying the interest earnings that we traditionally would and we've talked about that ad nauseam but we also had no capital markets help in this particular quarter and year, relative to the prior year. We have repurchased through the end of September, in the last 45 days of the quarter, we had repurchased 637,000 shares and as of today, in the last 60 days as we mentioned in the press release, we have repurchased a little over 1 million shares of our stock at what we would deem to be advantageous prices as we had some dips in our stock that we think made it a compelling value. And unlike 2009, we had sufficient liquidity to feel comfortable going into the market and repurchasing those shares. Book value per share is reported at $20.99. I will also tell you that tangible book value per share is $20.41. That's a number I know that people like to report, at least in our peers. Comp ratio was up slightly in the quarter, predominantly on the drop in revenue in capital markets. But for 2011 versus 2010, it was actually down slightly for the year. But in all the periods for this particular year, it's been in a very, very tight range around that 68%, 69%; 67% to 69% range, I guess I'll call it. So it hasn't been a huge variation from that. On a positive note, we did not gross up our balance sheet to comply with the thrift -- qualify thrift lender requirements as we have in the last 3 years. So when you see our balance sheet for 9/30/11, it will be our true balance sheet not with several billion dollars of overnight borrowed cash on it. We have not completed our conversion, as Paul reported. But the OCC I guess feels comfortable enough that it's imminent that they did not require us to go through those gymnastics at this particular year end. And hopefully, we won't have to do that again now. And looking forward, which Paul can expand on here in a minute, a couple of key points. One is that billable rap assets, which is a number that's important for PCG predominantly, the billable rap assets were down 6% on 10/1 versus July 1. So that's a little bit of a headwind going in to this next quarter but on a positive note I pointed out the bank had a lot of late loan growth, which -- so the interest earnings will be reflected here in this next quarter and the rest of next year but -- so with that, I'll turn it back to Paul and wrap it up and then we'll take questions.
Paul C. Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. I know the tax rate added a bunch of noise in under a 999 system, it might have been a little easier to estimate them, but we're not in that environment today. So I do think that the pressure on the tax rate will be up next year as the states have been a little bit higher and we have some more nondeductible items. So the short-term outlook is just uncertain because that capital markets, the company's balance sheet is in strong shape. We continue to add people in all of our businesses strategically, very good people, and we'll strategically add if the market allows us to. So we're still focused on recruiting for areas in all of our businesses. Obviously, a little more cautious in the markets area but if there are dislocations of very good people or businesses, we'll continue to look at them. So I think overall, the company's in great shape. We believe we're well-positioned. But obviously, in the market we're in right now there's some uncertainty in terms of looking to this coming quarter but we try to keep a long-term view. We'll manage expenses and continue to focus on building our business and just work through this uncertainty period, which I hope resolves itself. Maybe we're a little less optimistic on the government solving the deficit in the short-term to the election but that's something we'll all have to work through. So with that, you probably have a lot of questions in some of the activity through the numbers this quarter so I'll go ahead and, Chris, I'm going to turn it over to you to get questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Hugh Miller with Sidoti.
Hugh M. Miller: Had a question I guess obviously, your PCG segment held up, as you mentioned, very well, given the exposure to fee-based accounts and so forth. But just wanted to get your view on still a volatile environment here and kind of what you're hearing from brokers about retail activity levels and their willingness to stick to their investment plans and so forth and what you're seeing there even into October?
Paul C. Reilly: I think what you're seeing is just you're seeing people sticking very closely to it. Obviously, cash is up some and people have been more cautious but actually have been positively surprised that both advisers and clients have been sticking closely to their investment plans. Obviously, those with less risk tolerance or closer term issues have had to adjust but people have hung in there. Now I think the individual investor isn't any different than corporate America is being cautious, trying to figure out what's going on looking forward. But I think they've hung in there pretty well.
Hugh M. Miller: And you mentioned, obviously, we saw a slight pickup in net advisers during the quarter. You mentioned that home office visits are improving and there's interest in looking at Raymond James. What do you really see as a driving factor of that and your expectations for recruiting as we head into fiscal '12?
Paul C. Reilly: I think it's just, first, we've had a very stable platform and we've had a number of our competitors, especially larger competitors that continue to have a lot of news and advisers, others that have been -- some through acquisitions by those companies have been in environments they haven't enjoyed. And as their companies get in the news, I think they're interested in looking for platforms that they view are stable and maybe represent the platforms they grew up in. So as retention wears off in some places, environment changes, honestly, slowdowns are good for people to take a pause and look and say when you're really, really busy doing well, you're less inclined to stop and look around. When it slows down a little bit, you're more willing to look around and our platform's been very, very consistent. The service level is high. We're very adviser-centric and when people pause, they look at us. And so the good news of a downturn, if there is one, we're not rooting for one, is that we tend to do very well in recruiting. We'd rather win in a competitive growth environment but if it's slowing down, I think that's a positive to us and, again, as other people make changes, and other competitors, we tend to be stable and we get an influx of people looking at us.
Chester Bee Helck: Well, I agree with that. I think that the other sort of macro factor that you have to recognize is that Raymond James brand has really come through this market cycle much stronger relative to the competition than we went into the cycle. And so with all the numbers that we see in brand strength, measuring the metrics from both the retail side, I mean the client-side, the investor side as well as from the professional side talent and we have a great deal more respect and just knowledge out here. People know who we are now. They respect who we are and when people decide to make a move, we have -- more frequently get a chance to talk to them than maybe we would have 5 years ago or certainly 10 years ago. So we've become a bigger, stronger company.
Hugh M. Miller: I appreciate there's a color insight there. Of the retention award that you saw kind of given out, following the recession, to advisers for them to stay in companies, what's the typical duration of what you're seeing from those and are we coming up to any points where their obligations, maybe completed in making kind of look to go elsewhere without having to repay a substantial portion of that retention?
Paul C. Reilly: They vary by company. And when people joined and also, there are certain firms that do have awards coming up in this coming year, so probably don't want to go into too much of that detail. We know where the flow's coming from right now but there are, there is just more activity because of all those factors.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think, Hugh, they probably ranged from 3 to 7 years, something like that. So we're starting to see the early ones come off.
Hugh M. Miller: Obviously, we've seen an interesting dynamic over the last quarter in the equity fund flows and was wondering whether or not your discussions with prospective asset managers, have those kind of changed at all, have expectations changed at all? And what are the dynamics of those discussions?
Paul C. Reilly: I guess we're all kind of pausing, pausing a little bit here. I don't think we've seen any major shifts in the short term. Obviously, we're all aware of where funds are flowing but been relatively stable, nothing major changed recently.
Hugh M. Miller: You're still not kind of seeing expectations for pricing that's come in, none of the discussions you're having with the people that you'd like to kind of to acquire.
Paul C. Reilly: You're talking about acquiring people?
Hugh M. Miller: No, acquiring an asset management firm, which is something that you guys have talked about, just wondering if those discussions with the prospective people you'd like to kind of look at, have they changed at all given the dynamics of the equity flow market?
Paul C. Reilly: It's a double-edged sword. When things are down, people think it's not the right time to sell. So all their pricing comes in and when things are up, sometimes they want to get to the next level. So you always just have to find the right manager, the right culture, at the right time to sell. So we are very, we're very actively talking to a lot of people in general terms, haven't pulled the trigger, haven't found the right fit yet. But I'd say people are very open to talking. I don't think pricing has changed a lot but we're really just trying to find the right fit to add, for us to add. But I wouldn't say, I wouldn't see there any significant changes.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: The only thing I would say is that probably we are screening out more of the people we talk to simply because the track records don't meet the differentials that we'd like to see in terms of Alpha over longer periods of investment results. So that when we go through the screens of the people we're talking to, you see too much risk that a very short-term downdraft in performance would result in lost assets under management. And as a consequence, we have been very careful on that front.
Hugh M. Miller: And I know that you guys have talked about within the retail segment the composition of fee-based generation on predominantly based on the prior quarter's balances. Could you remind us within the Asset Management segment how that competition is with regards to prior quarter versus current quarter?
Paul C. Reilly: About 2/3 of the assets are billed at the beginning of the quarter and their balance is split pretty evenly between average daily and then the institutional accounts are billed at the end of the quarter, which is why Asset Management showed a slight downtick in revenues because they were -- they did have a block of assets, their institutional accounts that were billed out at the end of the quarter in arrears as well as those on the average daily that went -- hurt a little bit versus the prior quarter as well.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But we still had net sales growth. So essentially, it was offset and the factors weren't as large. And while you hesitate to ever mention market value -- market values are up 8% from the end of the quarter, too. So hopefully we'll get a new market at the end of March that will put us back where we were.
Hugh M. Miller: And the last question I had was with regards to the bank and the Shared National Credit Program. Was wondering whether or not the loan portfolio expansion, is that really more indicative of pickup in demand or is it more a reduction in lending competition you're seeing possibly within that program and so that you're able to kind of get a lot of the greater percentage of the things that you're kind of wanting to lend to?
Steven M. Raney: It's Steve Raney. Just last quarter, approximately 65% of our new fundings were actually secondary market acquisitions. Most of which were add-ons to existing positions where we, at the initial primary syndication, where we may have, for example, may have committed 25 and we only got 10. Prices have come in a little bit the last quarter and we were able to add to some positions. Here, more recently in the last, I would say, 45 days, the primary markets have really slowed down quite a bit. But for the bulk of the September quarter, the beginning part of the quarter, the primary markets were pretty busy and then the second half of the quarter, we were adding the positions in the secondary market. So if prices once again had come down to more reasonable levels where before most loans are trading at a premium, we were able to add to some positions at slight discounts.
Paul C. Reilly: But still what we're are adding are in credits that will be subject to [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: Just on the investment banking front, when we look at investment banking revenues, you guys had another strong quarter in what was really a tough environment. And then for all of 2011, revenues were up 50% in investment banking. So to me it's pretty clear, you guys have picked up market share and also were benefiting from a pretty diverse footprint. But I just want you to assess, is there anything else that you'd attribute the outperformance to? And when you think about banking and where you are currently versus where you think you could be in a more functioning market, do you still feel like there's a way to go from here?
Paul C. Reilly: There are a couple of factors, if you look at the year as a whole, certainly, our strength in the REIT and MLP space and energy were big factors in our year. Those markets picked up early and we did very well on them. So if you look on year-over-year performance, they were driven by those. We really believe that there is a lot of room for pickup as you still see. What I call middle-market IPOs never really hitting stride. We do have, with the Howe Barnes acquisition, significantly have expanded our big business and certainly the banking space with these prices, there aren't a lot of sellers and there aren't a lot of forced sellers either. So people aren't raising capital to buy and people aren't selling, given the pricing environment. But we believe that will come back. We've made a significant investment in technology versus acquisitions. We've acquired people and we believe we're well-positioned there. So we believe there's a lot of firepower and still, if you look at revenue per bank or in other things, a lot of room to grow in banking. For the quarter, the quarter looked probably a little better in banking than it really was. Two factors, again, M&A has been very strong. The Lane Berry acquisition has paid off extremely well. The people have integrated and are performing very, very well. Backlog looks good. We're continuing -- they're continuing to generate good numbers in the M&A space. But also, this quarter, we had a very, very strong unusually strong Tax Credit Fund. So when you add it all into banking, maybe banking was down a little more this quarter given the markets boosted by Tax Credit Funds. But in any normal, what I call whatever normal is, Tom promised me that this would be a fun business in a normal environment when I joined in '09, so I'm still waiting for that. Any kind of normalized environment, I think we have a lot of room for growth in Equity Capital Markets and we've made bets on people so I think there's positives ahead but we need the market there too to do it.
Devin Ryan: And then just a follow-up on the financial adviser recruiting question that was just asked. Is there anything changing from an economic perspective in terms of what you're having to pay right now or do you see any signs of things changing maybe as competitors are pulling back just given how tough the markets have been?
Paul C. Reilly: Well, we're consistent. We're not the high payers on the street. Never have been, never plan to be. We pretty much held our front money, maybe it’s up slightly but we've kind of held and I think that maybe other people have come in and we're having advisers that just say the money isn't worth it, that they want to be in an environment that they're used to working in. So we'll see what happens with some of the bigger banks who are kind of leaders in the front money charge on the employee side and probably 1 independent firm has been a leader on the independent side in front money. We've been pretty consistent at kind of holding the line in what we consider as economic deal and fair pricing. So it hadn't gone away, maybe not as vicious as it was a year ago, but there are still people offering more money than we do for transition.
Devin Ryan: And then just lastly, just a couple of quick modeling questions here. When we look at other revenues as you're now reporting them, are there any negative marks on investments there that depress that line item from maybe where how we should think about it going forward in a more steady market. That's the first. And then secondly, just on the COLI losses that impacted the tax rate, was there any other income statement impact from the COLI losses this quarter?
Paul C. Reilly: I think on marks there aren't any inherent build up in negative marks or positive marks outside of how those business are doing in private equity. So we mark them every quarter to what we think the values are. We try to do it conservatively but consistently. So I don't think there's anything that's imminent in the flow outside of how those businesses have performed.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: There are big marks up in the June quarter. As we talked about last time, that's what's making the comparison look funny. This quarter was more normal. There are also some negatives that flow in there. There are some OTTI impairments on some securities at the bank and things that are some, I call expenses, but losses that flow through other revenues as well. So that's why you had a negative number last year.
Devin Ryan: And then just secondly on the COLI issue, was there any other income statement impact other than the impact on the tax rate?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: No, the revenue and expense line, revenue expenses net in the same line so it's just the tax impact on the revenue side that gets reflected, not on the expense side, which is why it swings. There's a gain or loss on the investment and then there's a comp expense on the other side, which net against one another.
Paul C. Reilly: And the difficult part I think for modeling for you all is if the market's up, you gain back that COLI and it reverses. So you're going -- the flows make it difficult when these markets gyrate the way they did last quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We model it flat starting the year. And then as we learn more about where the market's trending over the course of the year, we try to adjust it. And then with the COLI portfolio was up $12 million at the end of June year-to-date and up the year down $3 million. So that's a big swing for 1 quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Just a quick follow-up on the investment banking line, I mean thinking about it going forward, what should we sort of expect from this Tax Credit Fund? Is this something that we should be looking to try to model in on a more consistent basis or is it relatively lumpy?
Paul C. Reilly: Toms actually overseas that. I'll let him comment on that.
Thomas Alan James: In a general sense, over the longer run, the Tax Credit Fund business has grown relative to the competition. And we're either second or third largest originator of tax credit housing for CRA purposes mainly in banks, although the rate of return got high enough to attract in some insurance companies and other general corporations last year. So the volume we handled this last year was a record volume. Now prices have recovered, meaning the yield returns or rate of returns available to the institutions have dropped. And that makes it very difficult to know what this year's volume might be compared to last year. So in the short run, I would tell you, when they look at the numbers, they probably think last year was so good that they should budget down. The fact is that the investor interest that we see out there and the number of deals in the marketplace are large enough to sustain revenues. But you just can't tell because the investor waits to commit till they see what kinds of returns they can earn. And that's why you see such a dramatic effect toward the year end, because that's when they're really doing the transactions, especially after movements in price. But it's a much -- it's a much improved business here at the firm and as a result, it can have a material effect if they have a big quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: And I think, yes, that business is fund-based, so when the funds close, you get a little lumpiness. And so we had just a big quarter. So I wouldn't -- this would not be an average go-forward quarter. And again, I think the banking business is going to be dependent on the market. That's the hard thing looking at the quarter. Backlog is strong. We don't see companies withdrawing. They're just waiting and we get any kind of stabilization or stable growth in the market I think we're going to see a flurry of activity but I can't tell you if and when that will happen and that's the tough thing in that business right now.
Chester Bee Helck: Paul would tell you that the mandates aren't record highs. So there's plenty of activity in the channel in theory. It's just converting it to business.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It's just on relative magnitude, the Tax Credit Fund business might be a $10 million to $15 million to $20 million pretax business for us over the course of a year so not something that's going to dramatically move the needle on the capital markets.
Paul C. Reilly: It was up 90% just last year so it did have an impact in the year but it will be up again next year.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That business was on the brink and incredible enough, because they were 60% of the market, it has recovered.
Paul C. Reilly: They didn't need tax credits last year.
Joel Jeffrey: Just a quick modeling question for Steve, I know it sounds like the Allied Irish acquisition, as you were about to close or has closed. You talked about an additional provision last quarter, is that something we should expect in the current quarter?
Paul C. Reilly: With the closing of the bank, it will happen. Now the loans have not closed, subject to regulatory approval and that approval is really tied to the holding company approval. So that's why the delay. So if we do close on that package, there will be a provision for it, but that's what I call good provisions.
Chester Bee Helck: We're hopeful that happens toward the end of this quarter with everything in right now.
Steven M. Raney: We're looking until it's about $7.25 million that we had -- that number is still a good number to use for your model.
Joel Jeffrey: And then can you just remind us, what's the remaining authorization on your stock buyback?
Paul C. Reilly: $50 million. You might think of that as more evergreen. We try to bring it back to that $75 million level a couple of times a year but deviates from that. It's really not. There's plenty of capital to buy back stock, it's just you don't get that opportunity to buy back lots at attractive prices. We hope we have the opportunity to buy more and we hope we don't. That's up to the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel F. Harris: [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: The next question is from the line of Douglas Sipkin with Ticonderoga Securities.
Douglas Sipkin: Just had a couple of follow-ups. Maybe it sounds like the bank conversion is going to be happening real soon. Maybe Steve can articulate what are some of the benefits of this conversion for the Bank business for you guys?
Steven M. Raney: We've been really operating like a National Bank. Our balance sheet composition and the way we conduct our business is more commercial lending oriented. We're growing our residential business as well. But for all intents and purposes, the actual conversion itself will not impact the way we're conducting our business. We've been operating in that environment for the past few years. And as Paul mentioned, the OCC allowed us to not have to do the gross up at the end of the year, really reflecting how imminent the conversion should be at this point. So but no change in the business model at this point based on the conversion.
Douglas Sipkin: But I mean there's some reason why you guys did it initially, right? Is it, it allows you to have more commercial loans, I think?
Steven M. Raney: That is correct, yes.
Chester Bee Helck: We've been doing that anyway and then making this test at the end of the year, do these balance sheet gross-up tests. But it would certainly preclude us needing to do that going forward. But they've even, this year, agreed we didn't need to do it even though we hadn't converted yet.
Douglas Sipkin: So just looking at some of the larger banks and I'm not sure they're great comps, but there seem to be an indication that credit quality was improving but a slower pace, maybe flattening out. Your results, it looks like credit quality improved quite a bit. I was actually a little surprised with that. So I was hoping maybe you could comment on that and maybe just give a little color on the outlook. At least, obviously, the next 3 months or so.
Paul C. Reilly: I think, first, you got to look back. I mean we didn't have the credit issues that other banks had. We certainly had more than we would have liked. But if you benchmark our loan, our mortgage portfolio against industry numbers and our NIC exams and our C&I against industry comparables, we did very, very well. So I think you're seeing us business as usual. Our numbers don't show any releases of reserves. I mean we're just -- we're operating like we've always operated, except '09 we took a little more credit losses as the markets deteriorated. But I think, comparing us to those institutions with very different loan portfolios is not a good benchmark.
Chester Bee Helck: Just looking at some of the segments that we play in, our commercial real estate exposures have come down dramatically in the last couple of years and that's where most institutions had issues in addition to the residential portfolio. Our C&I commercial and industrial portfolio held up very nicely. We've had very strong credit performance in that segment of our balance sheet and in that business. But the project finance real estate and we virtually don't have any development in land and construction loans anymore. So we had a very benign quarter credit-wise in terms of our commercial portfolio and we actually did see some improvement in the residential past dues for the quarter. So in terms of the credit charges and the residential portfolio that was relatively stable. And the change quarter-over-quarter in terms of charge-offs and provision expense were related to, once again, a strong quarter in our commercial portfolio.
Douglas Sipkin: And then just -- maybe just a clarification. I'm looking for just the exact details on the repurchase. Sounds like you guys repurchased just under 640,000 shares in the quarter, but then I heard 1 million shares now. I mean is the implication that you actually were able to repurchase shares in October?
Paul C. Reilly: Yes.
Steven M. Raney: Early October.
Paul C. Reilly: The 1,030,000 shares was since the beginning of this repurchase cycle through today.
Douglas Sipkin: I got you. It's interesting guys, more companies, like, blocked out around the earnings time.
Paul C. Reilly: No, they weren't. I wouldn't actually announce that we refreshed and we were repurchasing stock. We weren't repurchasing this week if that was your question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And your next question comes from the line of Steve Stelmach with FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Steve Stelmach: Just real quick on the -- to revisit the provision, you gave some guidance in terms of dollar amounts, which is helpful. But provisions matching charge-offs seems appropriate given some of the trajectory of credits improving. But at what point does the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans sort of trough, I think coming down due to loan growth? At what level, Steve, would you like to see that number?
Steven M. Raney: I would think that we are anticipating some continued credit improvement over the next 12 to 18 months, so we would see that maybe trend down a little bit in terms of allowance to total loans. We would think that the provision expense for this quarter will hopefully be, as Jeff alluded to, tied more to growth than downgrades. But you're always subject to individual loans having some issues and you having to add reserves. But we would anticipate some slight decrease in terms of allowance to total loans occurring during the course of this year.
Steve Stelmach: Is anything on the loan mix going to influence as well or do you sort of like the makeup of the loan book right now?
Steven M. Raney: I think that the current mix is going to be relatively stable with the exception of the addition of the $500 million of the Allied Irish portfolio. When that closes. That's going to increase the commercial portfolio as a percentage of total assets. But we're trying to grow both our residential portfolio and our commercial portfolio in balance with one another.
Steve Stelmach: And then just real quickly on repurchase, did you -- I thought you [indiscernible]. Did you give a dollar amount or average share price the repurchases occurred at?
Jeffrey Paul Julien: There's $50 million remaining on the $75 million authorization.
Paul C. Reilly: $25.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think you can do the math.
Paul C. Reilly: The average is $25, just close enough.
Operator: At this time, you have no further questions.
Paul C. Reilly: Okay. Well, great. Appreciate talking, sharing this time with you. It's kind of a tough market. Here in St. Petersburg, as we see the sun rise in 70-degree weather, it's kind of hard to realize we're being impacted by what's happening in Greece in our markets, but I guess all the capital markets are right now. So our net-net business is well-positioned. We're optimistic medium- and long-term, short-term. And we're a little bit captive by the markets but we're going to continue to operate the business as we have for almost 50 years and continue to build it for the long-term. And we'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-07-22 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Sylvia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Quarterly Analyst Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Reilly, you may begin your conference.
Paul Reilly: All right. Well, good morning. I'm joined by a cast here. We have Jeff Julien, our CFO; Jennifer Ackert, Controller; Steve Raney, Head of our bank; Chet Helck, our COO; Paul Matecki, Chief Legal Counsel; and last but certainly not least, Tom James, our Chairman. We're going into probably a little more detail on the call, but I want to start off kind of an overview. We have a lot happening this quarter. Our total revenues are up 14% over last year's prior quarter and flat versus last quarter. I think given the market, a very good performance. Our net income, reported GAAP net income was down 23% versus last year's prior quarter, but up 23%, if you took out adjusted for our auction rate securities on a non-GAAP basis and down 7% versus last quarter. I think the results to me, given so much movement this quarter, is really in the 9-month ended numbers where revenues were up 16% versus the 9 months for last year. But net income, GAAP was up 32%, and again adjusting for the auction rate securities was up 49%. So I think we're off to a very, very solid year. Most of our segments had robust performance given really the markets, but the only exception really Capital Markets, which we'll spend a little time on, really due to securities commissions. I'm going to go through the major segments and comment on them, and then turn it over to Jeff, who will go through some of the other segments and some of the detailed questions that arise. Before I start that, there are probably 5 fairly significant events that happened this quarter for us. Four had some financial impact to our numbers. The first obviously was our auction rate securities where we took a $45 million pretax charge. Now that charge does not include $1.750 million of our settlement with the state or legal fees. That's just the provision really for buying the securities. The reason we went ahead and did this is we felt from -- even though we thought we had a very defensible position and had leading industry practices in terms of disclosure on auction rates, we want to get it behind us for the company and maybe more importantly is provide liquidity for our clients. And we just, last Friday, mailed out to our clients their offers to redeem their securities, and we'll be starting that process. So the first batch will be done within the first 10 days of receipts. So that's going to have some impact that we can talk about. Jeff will get into the detail. We also completed our $250 million secured -- senior unsecured note offering. So we'll talk a little bit about net interest income and some impacts that, that had on our statements. We closed our Howe Barnes transaction, which because we expensed some of the fees and costs of that transaction had some impact also. Fourth, we bought controlling interest in our European equity's subsidiary. Net consolidations had a little bit of impact on revenue and on cost. And fifth, which didn't have an impact, but we announced that we have a contract to purchase about $500 million of loans from -- in Toronto from Allied Irish Bank. So a busy quarter and a lot going on. Let me start kind of with the Private Client Group. Revenues were flat quarter-on-quarter, and I think given the market and things going on pretty good. Securities commissions were down slightly about 1% but really made up by mutual fund-related types of revenue. Pretax income was up about 16%. The biggest swing in that was really our nonqualified options expense. Last quarter, we had taken a charge of about $2.5 million. This year, we had a $2.1 million credit. So kind of a net swing. Most of the cost was $4.7 million there. Now the business is in great shape. The assets under administration is up $3 billion and essentially a flat quarter market in the S&P. $1 billion, approximately, of those assets were from the Howe Barnes acquisition and the rest were really just from inflows from our advisors. Also, a nice reversal of the trend is advisor account is up, about 27 advisors, and we're up in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. in terms of number of financial advisors. So business should be in good shape. And remember, most of our assets, a good chunk of our assets in that business were built in advance, so we should have a good start for the quarter there. Capital Markets, kind of a little bit of a mixed tale. As you know, in the industry, it's been a tough quarter in the market. Our M&A fees were about flat with last quarter, and we had a good quarter. I mean, we're coming off a strong quarter last quarter. Our underwriting fees were up slightly. The main impact there is they were up in the U.S. actually about $5 million, but down in Canada, about $4 million dollars. So despite the number of deals that we published, lead deals, which we told you that statistic is kind of not a greatest indicator. We've debated on to published lead deals or comanaged deals. We had a large number of comanaged deals that really drove revenue this quarter, so even though the statistics were down, the revenue was just slightly up. The big change was in institutional securities commissions, which were off 10% for the segment and trading profits which overall were down between all the businesses, mainly fixed income but overall down about $7 million. So the backlog is good. July has been a tough month. August, typically, isn't a great month. And September is often a good month, depending on the market. So the outlook from a backlog standpoint is good, but from the market, it's kind of hard to predict. Also, our Tax Credit Funds business has had a very good backlog and should be positioned well this quarter, to finish very, very strong on the upside for the Capital Markets business. The Asset Management business, again, good results. We've had strong net inflows. Assets under management were up from $35.6 billion to $36.6 billion, about $1 billion. And if you look total wrap [ph] these that we have both our nonmanaged and our assets under management were up from $87 billion to say $90 billion. So both of these pieces were up 3%. The result is revenue was up 6%, about $3 million. Expenses were only up about $800,000. So we had a good net increase of about 16% on net income for that segment. Again, I think good performance especially given the market. The bank, I think, in the highlights of the bank, even though revenue is slightly down and pretax income was flat, a lot of positive signs in the bank. Loans grew at $225 million, which is off of flat production. The net increase I think was a good number. We also announced the purchase of Allied Irish Bank loans, about $500 million. I want to remind you, it's -- I think it will be good if we close that, but it will have an impact on our provision if we close it. So as you model your numbers, part of doing that is putting in [ph] cost when you start, and so it will impact the numbers. Interest spreads tightened slightly as we had told you we thought they would at the beginning of last quarter. And credit continues to improve, the credit quality in the bank and the portfolio. And you could see that in the net charge-off and provisions, which were both essentially flat to last quarter, and that's even after the SNC exam, which typically the results of the SNC would come in last quarter. We got them in this quarter, and we had a flat charge with -- even that's essentially $2 million effect with the SNC. So as you know our policy is to write down the ones that they have lower and not to write up the ones they have higher. So I think we keep good focus on that. So with that, that's kind of the view of the major segments. They're well positioned, and the question is honestly what's going to happen in the Capital Markets this coming quarter. So I'll turn it over to Jeff, who I think we're going to start on Proprietary Capital. Jeff?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, I'm going to try to head off some of the questions, lest we'd be here a while. In the other income line on the financials, which kind of sticks out, most of that delta from the prior quarter relates to Proprietary Capital write-ups. You can see that in the Proprietary Capital segment, information in the release, about a $14 million swing from last quarter. That encompassed our venture capital investments at the holding company, the unfortunate consolidation of the employee investment funds, most of which comes out through the noncontrolling interests, so one of the factors that drove that up this quarter, as well as our merchant banking fund, all 3. So that was the biggest change. Most of the balance related to some of these mutual fund-related revenues that Paul mentioned such as omnibus fees, networking fees, education marketing support fees, et cetera, that are in the other income line item. So that one had a big jump. We typically, on the venture capital funds, by way of reminder, we generally mark those every June quarter when we get the audited statements in, generally in April and May from all the funds that were invested and we mark them to the audited balances. So it's kind of a once-a-year adjustment on those but it can go either direction since we've had improving market over the last year, which caused a positive mark. The other segment that had a couple of good quarters in a row is the Emerging Markets, as we've had some good investment banking activity in Latin America, 2 quarters in a row. So that one has been performing and contributing more than it had in the past. Comment on net interest. You can see that net interest dropped about $4 million quarter versus the preceding quarter. The biggest factor there of course is we issued bonds in early April, which added about $2.5 million roughly of interest expense to our books this quarter. And then the balance was a slightly lower interest spreads at the bank. The tax rate obviously is another one that sort of sticks out. It was right around 40% this quarter. It was a combination of things. One is we had the nondeductible fine that Paul mentioned, the $1.75 million fine to the states relative to ARS. Secondly, we repatriated some money from an offshore island related to some activities that we had discontinued some years ago that we had never -- had not paid taxes on. We paid taxes when it got repatriated this particular quarter as we continue to consolidate cash at the RJF level as opposed to having it parked in subsidiaries. And those 2 things, coupled with a depressed pretax income number because of the ARS charge, led the rate to look abnormally high. But for the year-to-date, it's still pretty much in line just in the 37%, 37.5% type range. With respect the ARS, Paul mentioned that we've mailed the letters. Clients have I think 75 days to respond. We are going to start making reimbursements as soon as next week as they come in. We have established a separate subsidiary to house these in. A provision that we took, we were estimating -- in fact when we did the settlement several weeks ago, we were estimating $50 million, it came in closer to $45 million. About half of that provision relates to what we would call credit-related issues and the other half kind of is really more just time value of money. So with the exception of the Jefferson County positions, which are the potential credit issues, we expect to recoup and possibly even the Jeff County's as well. But certainly on the others, we expect to recoup this over time as the redemptions continue to occur or as interest rates start to rise either one, which may happen at the same time. Now I want to talk a little bit about ROEs for the quarter. As reported, the ROE for the quarter was 7.4%. But again the non-GAAP adjusted for removing the $45 million provision, not all the attended expenses but just the $45 million provision itself, the ROE for the quarter was about 11.76%, and that gives us a year-to-date ROE of just under 13% for the quarter -- I mean for the year-to-date, which again without the interest earnings that we've been accustomed to all these years is about where we've been for the last couple of quarters. Lastly, I want to make a comment about comp ratio. You can see that trended down for the second quarter in a row, not in a big meaningful way but somewhat. And I'd say we're continuing to watch the comp levels pretty closely, particularly the incentive comp accruals rather than having lumpy adjustments toward year end, we're being a little more diligent. But secondly, impacting those was that we had some modest adjustments for the lower profitability because of the ARS charge for some impact on some of the profit-related accruals. So that had an impact as well. So that was -- that's some detail on some of the things I know would otherwise come up in questions.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well, great. At this point, we'll go ahead and open it up for questions. So Sylvia, why don't you ask?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Harris from Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris: Paul, I would love to get your views. There's been a lot of discussion in the industry recently about some consolidation and expansion opportunities and you guys have talked publicly about growing your Asset Management business. So love to get your high-level thoughts on what you're seeing out there and what you guys continue to focus on. We know the international asset manager is something you talked about in the past. But is there anything else you'd like to continue to grow into?
Paul Reilly: Well, I think in terms of Asset Management, as you've said, we publicly and we're actively seeking international large cap manager. And I think we would opportunistically look at other managers that would sit and help fill out kind of a family of funds in Eagles. So that is ongoing. When you look at both strategic fit, cultural fit in terms of the manager and the organization, something big enough that it's worthwhile doing but not so big, that it's outside of our range. And at a price we think is reasonable, it's easier said than done. But we're very active. We've been -- we have accord James full time assigned to that and we're using some other outside people to help us. So again, if we find the right acquisition, I think we would close, but we're not going to do one just to do one. So, it's ongoing. And so that strategy hasn't changed.
Daniel Harris: Okay. Moving on maybe to the banking and trading environment. The muni business seemed like it was much better in the second -- in the fiscal third quarter than it was in the quarter or so before that. Are you guys still seeing strength in the demand for municipal issuance? And from a secondary trading perspective, how has retail investor reengaged that market?
Paul Reilly: I think overall just with low -- institutionally, in the muni business, I don't think there's been a big pickup. With rates being low, we're seeing -- that's why commissions are down, I think a lot of people are sitting on the sidelines waiting. The retail investors probably have gotten a little more conservative than they were before, the flows to equity funds have turned negative again. Our experience has actually been fairly good. We've had net inflows given this environment. So I think a lot of people are looking to wait and see. I can't say there's a big shift in the [indiscernible] market.
Daniel Harris: Okay. And then last for me. We did finally see some headcount picked up in the number of advisors this quarter, a welcomed relief here. Anything you're seeing on the recruitment front? I know we ask this every quarter, but I guess maybe incrementally, do things feel like they're getting slightly more amenable to being out there in the market looking to recruit brokers away? I'm sure it's still a challenging market but the headcount growth was a positive this quarter.
Paul Reilly: Yes, still a challenging market, I think. We're aided partially by the Howe Barnes acquisition certainly and RJA. The market is still difficult for a couple of reasons. People in the last couple of years were put under retention packages, so that's a factor. And also when -- after a tough couple of years in the market, when people are doing well, even if they think it's a better firm, they're less likely to pick up and move. So the visits are up, but recruiting is still tough and very, very competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan from Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: Not too much for me, but just it'd be helpful if you could maybe just give a little more detail on the type of assets that you're acquiring from Allied Irish Bank in Canada and anymore help on the impact on results. You obviously mentioned we just think about the provision, but what about on the net interest income side?
Steven Raney: It's Steve Raney. Little additional color on that. That portfolio, as Paul mentioned, is about $500 million in outstandings, currently about $650 million in commitments. There's 25 relationships in -- that comprise that balance. Eight of the 25 are commercial real estate loans. Six are corporate loans, so C&I, commercial loans and industrial loans, and 11 loans that are really C&I but are a little bit specialized. They're kind of in the power and infrastructure arena with government or provincial contracts that support that power and infrastructure build that was -- project financed that was built. All of those are completed projects at this point. As Paul mentioned also, we're anticipating and we're working with the regulatory approval process right now. I would anticipate getting that closed this quarter. The provision impact on that current balance would be roughly $7.25 million. And then on the margin, the current yield on that portfolio is approximately 7.4%, including the discount being amortized over the life of those loans. I would say that that's on a pre-hedged basis. We're evaluating some hedging as well. So that's on a pre-hedged basis. So that would have a positive impact on our margin, the hedging extent would be below the net interest margin line. We also, in our modeling, right now most of those loans are floating rate loans tied to the Canadian bankers acceptance rate, which is at kind of a historically high level relative to LIBOR. In our modeling when we were going through our analysis and negotiating the purchase price, we factored in some compression in that, but the current yield on that portfolio, once again, is around 7.4%.
Devin Ryan: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And just back to the other revenues, obviously, you spoke about the Proprietary Capital gains. And then you mentioned, Jeff, the various mutual fund fees, and I know that those can bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, but they seemed higher than normal. So I just wanted to get a sense of is there anything unusual and then why this quarter was maybe elevated on that front as well, if this is kind of a new run rate going forward or if there's just something else there that we need to consider?
Jeffrey Julien: Well, I think in large part it's just going to be kind of a new run rate. We continue to convert our mutual fund positions to an omnibus basis. We had a significant vendor converted over in February, which definitely helped this quarter. And that will be recurring. And as both -- we increased the positions and we increased the sales positions in all these mutual fund families, the assets continue to grow. We expect that, that will be a slowly upward trending line over time.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. And then, just lastly, pardon if I missed this. But on the other expenses, even outside the $1.75 million auction rate fine, is there anything else in there that would be kind of also unusual to the quarter? That also just looked a little bit elevated.
Paul Reilly: Other than some of the expenses related to the Howe Barnes acquisition and some of those fees that used to be capitalized that are now expensed, no, it was actually down from last quarter, but there wasn't anything that I would point to other than the fine.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hugh Miller from Sidoti.
Hugh Miller: I had a follow-up question I guess on the bank. I certainly appreciate the color there regarding the loan portfolio and so forth. Can you talk about the growth opportunities there, how you guys view that? I mean, obviously, you have 25 relationships, but what are you thinking with regards to being able to leverage kind of your capital with the bank and being able to grow in Canada? What are the opportunities you're seeing there? How should we think about growth?
Paul Reilly: We look at the opportunities there just like we do in the U.S. It gives us a platform to leverage our equity capital markets clients really, as a base. And so we have a good franchise there, and we plan to leverage it like we have here. And that's really the growth opportunity. And this was just the way to get the business kick started.
Hugh Miller: Do you, I guess, foresee kind of out of the gates in the coming quarters a nice opportunity to go out there and kind of cross-sell to your current clients? Or is this kind of just be a slow and steady progression?
Jeffrey Julien: I think it would be slow. In fact, Hugh, I think that the -- that portfolio of $500 million, we will be looking for new opportunities and have a small team that will be on the ground in Toronto. But the run-off of this portfolio will most likely exceed our new production. But as Paul mentioned, it is kind of our -- a place to launch this business. And we've got a very profitable and growing business in Canada already that this is going to be supplemental to. We've got some good relationships already that we can leverage. Incidentally, we've already -- we've made 2 or 3 loans here in the U.S -- in U.S. dollars to Canadian-based companies. That effort was already underway, which -- that's one of the drivers in terms of this acquisition opportunity. It aligned itself with what we were already doing.
Hugh Miller: And I guess one question, just a follow-up on the recruiting environment. Obviously, it was a nice kind of change to see some growth there. Are you seeing any kind of change in the upfront money that the larger peers that you're competing against are kind of going out there just given the choppy market conditions? Are they kind of reassessing what they're paying upfront? Or has there really not been a change in that?
Paul Reilly: I don't think dramatic -- there's always somebody that we think is not rational leading the way, and that may shift and change, but there always seems to be somebody that's just looking at head count growth over anything. But we still get a good number of people that you can't pay them enough to go some places, and they want to join us. So we now certainly -- our transition assistance is not as high others but we try to keep it economical and be in the market. So it's cyclical. I think -- we don't believe that the high-end offers are sustainable because we don't see, no matter how we run it, that they're profitable.
Hugh Miller: And you mentioned kind of one of the headwinds being the retention packages that have been awarded since the recession. Do you have a sense of what those -- the typical duration of those tend to be? And is there a time period? Obviously, that kind of would free up the opportunity to be more active on the recruiting side.
Paul Reilly: There's 5- to 7-year packages. But there's a major firm where there is shorter term retention from '09 and '10 wears off next year. So I mean it's all -- they're all over the place, but they tend to do 5- to 7-year deals. But as those are amortize down, too, I mean when you get down to less than half, it isn't the same retention as it was on the first half. So it's a cycle, and we'll chip away. This isn't the first time it's happened. There's also -- as players look at consolidation in others, it always gives us opportunity. So we just have to be disciplined.
Hugh Miller: Okay. Good point. And you did mention about the -- we did see industry flows kind of coming out of equity funds, maybe more pressure on the domestic relative to the international. But have your discussions for an acquisition on the international asset management fund kind of changed at all given that the near-term market conditions or is it likely not to have swayed at all over pricing?
Paul Reilly: We're very long-term oriented, so the ideal asset manager would be an international large cap manager that had European distribution and we could leverage it and they could leverage our U.S. distribution and our good portfolio managers. So we have -- we're looking both in North America and in Europe. And wherever we find the right team, if we find them, we'll have them join us.
Jeffrey Julien: Although the current market environment may cause a few more to come available.
Hugh Miller: Right, exactly. And I guess that was getting back to my question is that, have the valuation discussions over what they're willing to accept changed at all given the market conditions or is that not been the case?
Paul Reilly: Not much. I think the problem is when they're down, a lot of people say, well, it's not the time to sell because it will come back. So there are pros and cons. I don't think it's changed short term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Sipkin from Ticonderoga Securities.
Douglas Sipkin: Two questions. The first for Steve, kind of think about this another way. I guess, on the bank transaction, you indicated, I guess, you guys would have a provision of $7.25 million. How should we be thinking about like the breakeven on that portfolio? How many quarters or a year or 2 years do you sort of see the breakeven on that sort of upfront provision expense? I' m just trying to frame that gross yield at 7.4% you provided sort of on an apples-to-apples basis with your current portfolio.
Steven Raney: Doug, I don't know if I can answer that. We haven't really looked at it on that basis. I mean once again, this is -- this last quarter we did 61 new corporate loan transactions that totaled almost $700 million, it drove some of the outstanding. So this acquisition in and of itself is not -- it's less than one quarter's production of our corporate -- normal corporate production. And when we're doing that, we -- part of our provision expense this last quarter, the June quarter, was related to loan growth. So I don't -- it's similar to us just growing loans organically anyway. That being said, that yield -- the average life of these loans, I would say, is probably 3 years in terms of the maturity dates across the spectrum of that portfolio.
Jeffrey Julien: And certainly over the life of that, it's going to have a return to us at least equal to what our domestic portfolio is yielding.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think you can look at it as it's a foothold for a new business. The loan production, as Steve said, is not a game changer for us in the quarter [ph]. And given where we are, we like the credits, we like the people and it has a little better return going in. We modeled it to tighten a little bit. So you should look at it the way we've always done business. We just have a foothold in Toronto now.
Steven Raney: An opportunity to grow loans.
Paul Reilly: Remember that we have a capital allocation kind of cap to the banking industry. So we're not trying to have a game changer in terms of allocation to the banking industry. We're just trying to be able to consume free cash generation and keep the retained earnings reinvested to fund future growth for the bank. And we've had difficulty doing that as you know over the last couple of years. So that's really the challenge.
Douglas Sipkin: I appreciate that. I guess, I was just trying to get a sense, because I get the sense that you did sort of purchase it, the loans -- I mean, I don't think you've said this but I'm sort of saying it at a bit of -- a little bit of a discount anyway. So with the sort of accretive gain, I'm at least thinking that it could be a little bit more profitable than your current book even though it's much smaller so...
Paul Reilly: That's the hope. We try not to buy at a premium. That's the hope. But whether we hedge or not, there may be some other costs, there may be some currency costs.
Steven Raney: The most important element is the credit selection. We went through every loan. Obviously, it's a relatively small number of loans. We kicked some loans out. So ultimately if the loans performed, then it's going to be a nice acquisition, and that's the basis for us going into it.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. And then, the SNC, I mean any reason why it was this quarter and not next quarter?
Paul Reilly: It surprised us. They got it done faster.
Douglas Sipkin: They're actually working faster than normal. That's a surprise.
Paul Reilly: Yes.
Steven Raney: Everybody's June quarter, it went out to everybody, I guess, the end of June.
Paul Reilly: We got it June 30, the afternoon, effectively [ph].
Douglas Sipkin: And then just finally. Your investment banking revenues continue to be very impressive. I mean, is it really just a combination of some of the small acquisitions you've made and market share gains? Because personally, I was pretty surprised given what happened in June and late May for you guys to put up such a strong number. I mean, is there anything else going on there where you guys just feel like maybe some of the bigger shops are running into some issues on the mid-cap type of companies? Or I mean, is it just sort of your sweet spot sectors are working really well?
Paul Reilly: I think until late June, July, a lot of these sectors that are income-driven, the REITs and MLPs were just strong. And they're strong products and we're well positioned in the REIT space we play against everyone. So that was the big driver. In Latin America, we had some deals that -- some pretty large deals for that size where we led the way and that contributed, too. Canada was very, very strong until this quarter. They were off some, but they've had good performance, too. So we've been well positioned in our sectors and the market has been good. And we don't see that ending although June -- end of June, beginning July wasn't the best for our industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Stelmach from FBR.
Steve Stelmach: Just real quick on the offshoring [ph] security provision of $50 million, you said half was credit related to Jefferson County. What's the implied recovery value of that Jefferson County? Is it -- what does the 25% -- what does that $25 [ph] million represent?
Steven Raney: About $90 million in positions. That was a $45 million charge not a $50 million charge.
Steve Stelmach: I'm sorry. I apologize, yes, $45 million. And then maybe this is a little bit longer-term question but on Basel III, it's unclear how the federal government is going to adopt it or apply it to different institutions. But is that all having an impact on your acquisition strategy? I mean, clearly capital hasn't been an issue for you guys? But is that in the back of your mind when you're thinking about doing M&A?
Paul Reilly: First, we're not sure how the government is going to apply anything right now. But the -- everything we've looked at, we're solidly capitalized. The best we can tell from any of the provisions, it's not going to be an issue for us.
Steve Stelmach: Okay, that's not an impediment at all. Okay. And then just maybe a more technical question for Steve. You talked about an adjusted LTV analysis, roughly small dollar amounts, $3 million provision. Was that an analysis trying to gauge what strategic defaults are? Or is that just simply an analysis of recovery value?
Steven Raney: Recovery value. We overlay the Case-Shiller information across our portfolio each quarter and look at our -- what we think to be the LTVs in our loans, and that analysis along with what we think potential further home price declines, we factor all that in and that drove that $3 million addition to our provision for the quarter in our residential portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jeffrey from KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Just to go back to Doug's question a little earlier. On the M&A and the underwriting front, you mentioned the sectors that have been strong. Are there any sectors that you see sort of a pipeline building that are sort of just about set to take off?
Paul Reilly: Well, we've been building and recruiting heavily in technology because we see that as a sector that's been heating up, and there's been enough displacement of firms that we think there's an opportunity. But I think the other sectors we play in have been okay, but again the REIT and MLP, and the M&A business, which has been very good for us across the board, have been driving it so far. So some sectors we're not positioned in, too.
Jeffrey Julien: The Howe Barnes services.
Paul Reilly: The FIG business is an area where we thought when we acquired Howe Barnes, that's a near term, activity would be a little bit higher than it has been, but it will come. So we have gotten a few transactions out of that already. We've gotten a lot of synergy with fixed income in terms of working for the clients, but again the interest rate environment hasn't been real helpful with that. So we think there's still some upside in that. The integration is going very, very well.
Jeffrey Julien: Energy is probably the other one.
Paul Reilly: Yes, energy. We're very, very active in the energy Space. In downstream energy, you can see the announcements, though the MLPs have been strong for us.
Joel Jeffrey: Great. And then you mentioned that institutional securities was down 10% quarter-on-quarter. But specifically, how was your institutional equities business? What was the performance of that?
Jeffrey Julien: To tell you -- we are looking for it. Give us one second. About the same, same percentage roughly.
Paul Reilly: Yes. We looked at most of the businesses, they're down 9% to 12%, pretty much across the board. And actually, that's been less than most people if we look at year-to-date changes. I think we've done better, but there's clearly a downward trend.
Joel Jeffrey: And then, just lastly. I know you've given us a lot of color on the loan purchase and describing it as a foothold into Canada. Are there any other areas that you're looking to implement this strategy in? Are there any other, whether it be geographies that you want to get into? Or is this a possible new strategy in terms of just growing the loan portfolio in general?
Paul Reilly: No, I think Canada has always been -- we've -- if you look at the bank's strategic initiative, had been around taking our best equity capital markets clients. We had very good performance, really clearly no defaults during the downturn with our clients there. So taking our best clients, so we know them in lending. We also have some other related projects or securities-based lending with our Private Client Group, and we've been building up our mortgage origination both outside and what's inside of our Private Client Group as a strategy. So we're just -- we're getting focused on the areas that we've been good at and that are synergistic with our businesses.
Jeffrey Julien: Probably no other geographies in the near term.
Paul Reilly: No. We're not looking to go into any other countries.
Operator: And I show no further questions at this time.
Paul Reilly: Well, great. I know there's a lot of things moving up and down, and I think the business, again, 94 consecutive profitable quarters is -- feels good. I've got only about 90 more to tie Tom. Probably won't make it that long, but we'll try to keep the streak alive. The question for us is all the businesses are solid, and we're well positioned and what we can't predict is what's going to happen in the market so -- especially in the near term. So positioned well, if the market picks up, I think capital markets will return. And probably the big challenge in the institutional side is also fixed income with low rates, clients not just here, everywhere, have had kind of their fill of low rate long-term stuff and there's a lot of cash on the sidelines. So when they redeploy, when they have a different expectation, or -- it's going to be this way forever or it's going to move up, we'll kick start that business. Until then, we'll just wait through the cycle. But I think the business is in good shape. So thank you for joining us, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-04-22 08:15:00) =====
Paul Reilly: [Audio Gap] Here for your question entertainment; and Jeff Julien, our CFO; Steve Raney, Head of our Bank; Ken Armstrong, Legal; Chet Helck From PCG; and Jennifer Ackert, our Controller. To start off, that we, I think, had another strong solid quarter. We put in the release that we had record net revenue, record assets under administration and record assets under management And some of you commented that we had record commissions and investment banking revenue. But as Jeff Julien reminded me, we probably had record expenses in some areas, too, as we grow. So it's kind of hard with the growth to keep tracking how we're topping each individual line item. The highlights of the quarter: net revenue of $852.1 million, up 16% over last year and 6% sequentially; net income of $80.9 million, up 45% over last year and down 1% sequentially; and EPS of $0.64, up 42% over a quarter a year ago and down 2% sequentially. So as we compare the quarters, obviously, strong results year-over-year. To compare the quarters, we get a little noisy. We -- last quarter, we talked about some positive, kind of, unusual adjustments in a bank interest accrual and a performance fee and reversal of incentive comp. This quarter, we had some items probably going the other way about $4.5 million of legal reserves and about a $3 million of kind of valuation adjustment. So as we look to the numbers and compare, it gets a little lumpy. But if you look through the six months, I think good solid results. We'll talk a little bit about the segments. Then I'm going to turn it over to Jeff. Our Private Client Group, again, result's up 7%, driven really by record assets under administration up 5%. And if you consider the mix of cash and bonds there, I'm sure it's partly inflows and partly obviously, the market up; and commission revenue up 8% for strong performance. The financial advisor account was essentially flat, but you can see productivity is going up. We continue to recruit still at a slower pace, but really kind of holding total count even as productivity is increasing and we recruit people at higher levels. On the Expense side, you can see comp expense up in PCG a little bit. Part of that is just this time of year where we get FICA and start funding our plans a little bit as a mix as RJF grew a little bit faster than RJA. And most of the legal reserves and the other were in this segment. And communication expense is also up, and I'll have Jeff talk about that overall a little bit later. But this is a quarter we do a lot of statement mailings to our customers. Capital Market, also a very, very solid quarter coming off of a very solid quarter sequentially. Again, a lot of moving parts in our business, which is actually the strength of our model. We have some parts up and some parts down, but it always seemed to give us a good solid performance. Our underwriting revenue was down actually, sequentially, on the Equity Capital Markets side, and that's even though, if you look at investment banking, we've manage deals at 28 versus 26, up slightly, but our pieces of the deals were somewhat smaller. So we still struggle with that metric to give you on how banking is doing. But that 28 is up over a comparison of 15 to last year. What -- and that the revenue's down both in Canada and in the U.S. sequentially, but we had our second best M&A quarter ever. So strong M&A activity really took up the slack in that business. Also our fixed income, our trading profits were very strong, especially in municipal area. Commissions were down in fixed income, about 18%, but trading profits were strong. So again, netted out to give us a very, very good quarter overall. Asset Management, our assets under administration set a record of 35.6%. Both segments of the business, our Eagle balances were up 5.5% and our internal Asset Management Group about 6.8% to give us a 6.6% increase. Very strong inflows, good net inflows and, again, a good market that helped the results. The earnings on that increase were flattish, but we have to remember, last quarter, we had a performance fee that wasn't repeated that made the earnings look flat, but we're very happy with the growth and strength of Asset Management. The bank, again, performing very well. Loans down slightly at $6 billion. And again, the challenge is good production, good pipeline, but people keep paying off their loans. Again, it's the  challenge in the Banking business, you want to lend money to people who can pay you back, but don't. And we're just in a position that we're going to hold our credit quality level. And if we have to run in place, we will. We hope to grow loans. Pipeline's good, but the payoffs remain high. And obviously, our provision expenses are much lower this quarter, which just shows the improving kind of credit quality environment both for our portfolio and the market, in general. For the quarter two, post the quarter, we had a number of transactions that completed in April. One is the Howe Barnes acquisition that's going to add 12 investment bankers in our Financial Institutions Group. So the people are now on board, and that integration has gone very well. We just had our first hands-on meeting of our fixed income and Equity Capital Markets and our FID [ph] financial advisor all around that space meeting together in Chicago. And we continue to grow that Investment Banking segment as we've also added, in the technology space, bankers in both Boston and San Francisco. We also completed $250 million note offering, a five-year note offering that we think we transacted successfully. And we also purchased controlling interest in a venture that we have in Paris in our European Equities business. So just past the end of the quarter, we had a number of transactions that also, I think, impacted us -- that will impact us positively over time. With that, let me turn it to Jeff for a little more color on the numbers. And then, I'll be back to you. Jeff?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, just to complete the discussion on the bank, there's a lot of detail that we include in the supplement that we put out with the press release, which tells the whole story. But I think it's important to note that the credit metrics continue to improve. While criticized loans are relatively flat this quarter, they're down 27% since last fiscal year end. And the capital ratios are all in very good shape, and that's subsequent to a $25 million dividend that was paid to the parent company in March. As Paul pointed out, if we run in place for a while, generating $100 million a year and dividend-ing into the parent, then that's what we'll do. But we're going to wait for the right opportunities to grow the bank. Some of the other metrics that -- regarding the entire firm that many of you mentioned in your morning comments. Net interest looks like it was down. But actually, excluding the interest adjustment in the first quarter, net interest was actually up slightly. The bank's net interest was down, has compressed a little bit. And loan balances dropped a little. But Private Client Group more than made up that difference with increased margin debits, and we're actually starting to benefit from the rate increases in Canada where we have Private Client assets as well. That country's ahead of us in raising rates. We benefited in the quarter in the tax rate slightly from some of the corporate-owned life insurance gains. That's been a factor that swung both directions in the positive markets. We do get the benefit of the nontaxable gains, so that drove a little bit lower tax rate this particular quarter and year-to-date versus the prior year. The comp ratio is up slightly from the prior quarter, but that's mainly due to the commission increase, being driven by independent contractor operations. The bonus reversals in the prior quarter, which didn't recur. As Paul mentioned, FICA's starting over, but we didn't really see anything that looked out of line in the comp arena in looking across our operations. And I think it came in pretty close to where one would expect it with those factors. On the data communications line, aside -- we had two real factors that drove the sequential increase. One is the seasonal mailing cost that Paul mentioned, all the 1099s to the brokerage customers and all the annual report information to the shareholders. But in addition to that, we have -- we're starting to incur some of these costs related to systems initiatives that we mentioned in prior calls that we're evaluating a lot of our core systems here. So we may see that continue going forward for, at least, a couple of quarters, if not longer, as we continue to evaluate and possibly upgrade or change some of our major systems. The other expense Paul mentioned, it was predominantly in some of these legal accruals and some of the valuation adjustments. And there were a number of other smaller items. There's not one big item that we can point to in that particular line item. As a result for the quarter, the ROE was about 13.2%, which brings us to about 13.5% for the year-to-date, which is again, we have a 15% target rate. I'll remind everyone that if we were at normalized interest spreads that, that would mean about 200 basis points to our ROE. So we would be operating within that range if those spreads were present today. And lastly, I'll point out book value. The Equity's up over $100 million against the second quarter in a row. It doesn't work anymore taking net incomes, subtracting dividends. I mean, there are other factors. And most notably for the last two quarters, we've had significant equity activity and stock compensation, stock purchase plan by employees, exercises of stock options, et cetera, as equity compensation becomes a pretty big factor in the compensation structure of financial services firms. So as a result, book value went from $19.73 up to $20.42. We do have -- obviously some of that -- the consequence of that stock comp activity is, yes, a few more shares outstanding. So $20.42 at the end of the period.
Paul Reilly: Okay, thank you, Jeff. Obviously, again, the business is such that we're going to have up and down and line item adjustments. But I think overall, the business has performed well. A good -- another solid quarter, which I think we're getting used to here at Raymond James and hope they continue. But certainly, with the market conditions, as we look forward, assets under administration are certainly a driver of our PCG business and look  good. The backlog in ECM looks good. But we have no idea where the markets are going, fixed income. Again, we had a strong quarter, but tends to be volatile. So as we look out, the fundamentals in the core part of the business look very strong, but obviously, we're subject to whatever happens in the market. And although the last couple of days look good or looks like today we'll start off, who knows what tomorrow will bring. So I also want to spend a second on the bragging part just for our folks. The Wall Street Journal online released their Best on the Street Survey, and we had seven. Analysts were recognized, which would tie us in Number 2 in terms of number of analysts recognized in their stock-picking performance. And the bank investment consultant top 20, our FID [ph]  Division here in our PCG Group. Not only do we have the number 1, we had 5 of the top 10 and 7 of the top 20. So I'd like to congratulate those folks also. With that, I'll turn it over for questions from you guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from the line of Devin Ryan with Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: The net financial advisor headcount declined modestly again. And it's been down about 1% from last year. I just want to see if I could get a little bit more detail on the reduction this quarter? Were they independent or traditional FAs? And then any additional color you can provide on the current recruiting landscape, including, I guess, the pipeline would be very helpful?
Chester Helck: Good morning, Devin. This is Chet. As you point out, it's a tough environment for some people in the business. We're seeing that there continues to be some fallout of financial advisors at the low end. We are focused on this intensely given the interest that you and others have expressed in it, as we always have been focused on it. But we're starting to drill down into the numbers, and we're seeing that the people that we're losing are people who were doing considerably less production than average. And as you might imagine, most of that is happening in the independent contractor space, where the expenses fall to the financial advisors. So you can understand the economics drive them to the edge quicker than people producing more or are having their expenses paid. And so the logic you would expect is holding up as we drill down into it, and that's where most of the losses are coming. That said, on the other side, the recruiting part, as investor confidence is restored and the public comes back into the business, which we're seeing and that's driving our assets and that's driving our revenues, it's also driving demand for financial advisors. So competition in the recruiting part of the equation is intense. And we're getting our share, but everybody is seeing less movement overall. So therefore, less people are being recruited in total and competition for the ones that are is pretty high level. And we're not going to pay top dollar. We're going to hold out for the people that come for the right reasons and will stay with us and be good parts of our organization. And so we're not seeing the kind of inflows that you would like to see, given the continued deterioration at the low end. But that said, it's not a wipeout. I mean, we're actually seeing recruiting levels that are reflective of what we saw prior to the meltdown and the inordinate amounts of high numbers of people moving in '08 and '09. So I would say it's a tough recruiting business, but it's not unusual. And we're getting our share, and we're frankly optimistic that the pipeline is good. And we'll continue to produce at these rates. I think you will start to see less fallout at the bottom as business levels pick up and those people, who were maybe close to an edge, get back into solid footing in terms of their revenue flows in their businesses.
Devin Ryan: Okay, that's very helpful. And then I guess you just touched on this, but just want to get a sense of what you're seeing from retail clients. We have been hearing that they're slowly moving back into riskier assets and allocating more capital equity products. So just when you think about where we are in terms of stages of them doing that, I mean, is this still the very early stage of maybe, that moved back into equities? And if you just look at the, call it, $275 billion of client assets, has that mix changed dramatically in terms of two higher fee-paying products?
Paul Reilly: I think we're seeing, Devin what the industry's seeing. And so you see people slowly returning into equities and reducing their fixed income exposure. So we still have high cash levels, maybe as a percentage, diminishing a little bit as the equity values go up. Investors are being cautious. So they're moving into equities, they're moving into a little more risk product, but it's not a massive move. So if they get reinvested to where they were, it would be a big uptick for us. But probably if you look back, people might have been overinvested in equities. Or if you look at the aging population, you see a shift more into a broader set of fixed income and equity balance. So there's certainly room to return, so it's just early cycles. And the question is how much where will they end up?
Jeffrey Julien: It's hard to say what inning we're in because we don't where the end is.
Paul Reilly: I also think that the game has changed a bit because we've seen -- we crossed over that magic date that they all told us about for years where the baby boomers were retiring at the rate of 10,000 a day. And so the flows are on. And I think that as people do come back into the equity markets, they may not come back into the same segment of the equity markets that they once were in. I think dividend-paying stocks and revenue or income-producing equities will be favored over some of the high alpha growth sort of strategies that entailed more risk as people are more concerned about retirement planning.
Jeffrey Julien: There's still room, the question is how much though.
Devin Ryan: And then just lastly, I apologize. I missed some of the detail, but can you just repeat the size of the unusual items that showed up in -- I guess, I'm assuming that all showed up in other expenses?
Paul Reilly: There was some in other and some in data comp. But there was about a compendium of about $10 million of, I won't call them nonrecurring, but identifiable items, which predominantly were legal expense and some asset valuation write-downs and private equity that we're participants in.
Devin Ryan: Okay. And how much I guess was in the Other?
Jeffrey Julien: About $10 million was in the Other. It was probably $1.5 million of mailing cost that are seasonal in data comp communications.
Devin Ryan: Great, okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Stelmach of FBR.
Steve Stelmach: You guys went a long way -- actually, in answering my question before I asked on the Private Client Group and  the pretax earnings there. But if you could give us a little more color, that pretax operating margins, historically, the past couple of quarters have been running between, call it, 9%,  10.5% or so. At this elevated revenue run rate, how should we think about pretax margins in a leverage once you get beyond sort of the noise of these onetime or seasonal issues?
Jeffrey Julien: I think like we've said, I think the six-month result is pretty indicative of where we should be. There was noise back and forth between the first and second quarters. We do some internal allocations that affect segments a little bit and things like that. Then we had some of these nonrecurring items going both directions in each quarter. So I think if you want a sense going forward, I think I would point you to the six-month results in that segment.
Steve Stelmach: So something between that 9% and 10%, sort of pretax operating margin seems about right? Okay. And then, can you give some color on the legal accruals that you've mentioned?
Paul Reilly: Nothing, nothing systemic. Just a couple of issues that came up.
Jeffrey Julien: And that was several added together, that wasn't just one item.
Paul Reilly: Yes, just a couple of items that came up. And they know they do come up from time to time. And sometimes they fit in the quarter and sometimes they spread out.
Steve Stelmach: Got it, okay. And then just on the bank provision. I know you guys have never given guidance on this number, but it kind of felt like it was settling into the low to mid-teens number. Obviously, credit's coming in, I would argue, better than expected. Any color on what sort of outlook there?
Steven Raney: Well hey, Steve. This is Steve Raney. Obviously, we had the lowest provision expense in charge-off quarter in a couple of years. The thing that is a very positive sign is the number of delinquent residential loans came down quite a bit. That's the second quarter in a row we've seen some reductions. We actually -- the dollar amount of the loans that are now delinquent in the residential portfolio, there were 314 loans at the end of December. Now it's down to 295. So we're seeing more activity also in just the foreclosure of pipeline and some short sales. So we're pretty encouraged that we're starting to see some positive momentum in the residential portfolio. We had a very good quarter in terms of just the number of upgrades versus the number of downgrades in the corporate portfolio. As Jeff alluded to, in terms of our total criticized  loans, they were up slightly, but down in a big way year-over-year and year-to-date, down, like Jeff said, nearly 30%. So all that -- adding all that together, we're pretty optimistic in seeing a lot of positive trends  in credit. And I would only hedge to that by saying, as you know Steve, we're -- it's all very lumpy portfolio, and you're subject to one loan going on, some type of nonaccrual status. When you've got -- I think we've only got about $50 million of nonaccrual commercial loans at this point. So that could be dramatically impacted by just one loan.
Steve Stelmach: Can you just remind us what the average loan size  on the commercial side is?
Steven Raney: Yes, it's actually come down. And I would kind of split it up, Steve. Our average commercial real estate loan is less than $15 million, probably in the $13.5 million to $14 million range. And our average commercial loan is slightly less than $20 million.
Paul Reilly: And [indiscernible] I'm kind of hoping the provision goes up. We're trying to grow loans.
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, grow loans and...
Paul Reilly: Part of this with the slightly shrinking portfolio.
Steve Stelmach: Right. Up as a function of asset growth, not as the function of credit quality, right?
Paul Reilly: Absolutely.
Steve Stelmach: And then lastly, any update on auction-rate securities?
Paul Reilly: Continue and Nuveen has been fairly active and the balance is -- customers down significantly. Again, I think, $360 million at the end of the quarter, $360 million, so we've come along way from over $2 billion. And we continue to talk with regulators trying to get it behind us, but the balance seems to be going down. And news on most of the individual securities, we're getting positive news in traction. So we're still working on it and like it to go away, but it's heading in the right direction.
Steve Stelmach: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Could you just give us a couple of comments maybe on some of the outlook you think for retail activity? I mean, it looked like, just looking at your numbers, sort of backing into a March number that sort of commissions and fees per day were down, maybe about 10% from February, which is a pretty strong one. I'm just wondering if you're seeing that kind of trend continue into April. And I know you've said the retail investors are a little more engaged, but just looking for a little bit more color there?
Paul Reilly: I think the trends in the first six months, again, looking at both quarters, have been good. We see the business solid, and a lot of it's depending on the market. So I wouldn't look at any one month commission trend to see anything.
Jeffrey Julien: And once again, they've got a little bit of a running start with assets under management being higher than our April 1 billings than they were on January 1.
Unknown Executive: There's also a continued flow of retail-oriented investment banking products coming out that are augmenting some of those numbers. So I don't sense the softening that you maybe perceiving now.
Jeffrey Julien: I don't see it either.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then your principal transaction line was again, pretty strong. I think you'd commented that some of it was driven by good results in the Muni business. I mean it's been fairly volatile. It looks like issuance is down substantially. I mean is that a sustainable trend, you think, for the remainder of the year? Is that something we should just expect to be pretty...
Paul Reilly: If issuance stays down, it stays volatile, sustainable. So it's actually good for -- to trading profits in that kind of environment. So if the environment steadies, you'd expect less. On the taxable side, certainly it's way down. Its spread came in and you have heavy, new issues. So it just depends on the market trends. So I can't tell you it's sustainable as long as the market stays a little bit volatile. It helps us in that space. So I can't forecast or tell you what it's going to be this quarter. And frankly, that's probably the hardest item to predict for us.
Joel Jeffrey: And then just lastly on the bank, I know you guys have said it's been tough to grow loans. And I think in the past, you talked a little bit about, sort of new product areas you may be looking at. Is there any update on that or any thoughts on where you could go to upsize your core business to try to grow the loan portfolio?
Paul Reilly: We're looking at a number of programs in multiple fronts really working with our PCG and ECM businesses. So the PCG area and even outside of it, we're really ramping up our own mortgage origination program in the bank, so both for the market and to service our financial advisors. We are focusing. We've been hiring, looking to hire lenders within our ECM business to focus on our Capital Markets clients because the quality of those loans and performance has been very, very strong. Again, we've been aligning more, making more calls in those clients and also looking at a nonpurpose lending product, which I think most other people have to roll out, again with our PCG group. Again, that performance of that product was very strong in the downturn. And so the programs are all under way. We're working on them. Steve, I don't know if you want to give any more update or color, but they're coming and in progress.
Steven Raney: Yes, just a couple of things. We've actually now made a couple of loans to Canadian-based companies that are clients of Raymond James Limited, are Capital Markets clients of the firm in Canada. So we're looking to expand that business to support our clients. I would also just offer that the area that's been the biggest challenge. Historically, we were buyers of pools of whole mortgage loans, residential mortgage loans, which was always an attractive asset if you can buy it right. And if you're able to do the credit due diligence, I would say that, that business, while it's not really, represents -- it doesn't represent core clients obviously to the firm. That business has been more challenging, defined, new product to buy. And that portfolio has shrunk over the last couple of years. And if you take that out, the rest of our business has actually grown quite substantially, including doing more business with clients at Raymond James. So that will -- we're looking to expand that, the linkage with our Equity Capital Markets business and also Private Client Group, as Paul just alluded to, the rollout of the securities-based nonpurpose lending product later on this summer. We did -- we hired a healthcare industry banker this year, and we just recently, this last quarter, hired a senior syndications banker as we're starting to have conversations with clients regarding co-managing and ultimately lead managing their syndications. So those are some of the efforts that are underway to grow the bank's loan portfolio. But nothing that's not outside of our existing businesses. We really -- we want to stick to our core competencies at this point.
Joel Jeffrey: And just a follow-up, I mean in terms of ramping up origination, are there other expected increase in costs associated with that? Or are you guys pretty well scaled for that right now?
Paul Reilly: No, there have been some increase in expenses in terms of HR -- hired some additional talent, our own mortgage banking operation. We actually -- this most recent six months had the highest loan production in terms of mortgage originations that the bank has ever had as a result of adding that talent and adding capacity, obviously adding some of these new bankers, the industry bankers. But that being said, our efficiency ratio is still one of the lowest in the industries. And I think that those investments in capacity and talent are appropriate to grow the business and also manage the risk of the portfolio.
Jeffrey Julien: I mean there's clearly some upfront investment to get -- launch these new endeavor, but they're pretty rapid paybacks in all of them.
Joel Jeffrey: Great. Thanks for my answering my questions.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris: I want to touch on the Emerging Market segment. You guys actually have shown some pretty nice growth. It's a really good number this quarter. I was wondering, a, what's sort of driving that and b, can that type of growth be sustained? Are you doing anything different than you've done before?
Paul Reilly: Well I think it's again, a little bit of a cyclical phenomenon. We've had a very good business in Argentina. That was the good and the bad news because nothing was being done there for a long period of time, and we had two fairly large transactions there, which we led in banking, investment banking. And in Brazil, as we've ramped up, although we've had -- ramping up on expenses, again, we've had a little bit of traction there. So they've all hit this quarter. So I think you're seeing a pretty big number this quarter based on the past.
Daniel Harris: [indiscernible] my comment.
Paul Reilly: No, and I'm saying I don't think it's -- I wouldn't say it's a ramp-up. We have some big fees that have hit this quarter and probably a little higher than usual.
Daniel Harris: Fair enough. I wanted to come back to that 200 basis point improvement in ROE that you mentioned with higher interest rates assumptions. So as you think about that, when rates move up from sort of an attachment perspective, do you guys retain a majority of the interest on the cash balances and/or how much do you pay out to the brokers in terms of what they're doing?
Chester Helck: We -- our assumption is that when rates rise 100 basis points, that we would pass 60% of that through the clients. As I've been told by others that, that will be more than competitive because banks will never pass that much through. But where I really gauge that to is to be competitive with money market fund yields at that point in the cycle. We view that as a competitive factor as well. Our payout to brokers is where it is today. We share a small portion of, we call, a controlled asset fee, just based on cash balances, it's being done today, just as it would be done. So that won't incrementally go up as rates rise.
Paul Reilly: Our view is that 100 basis point rise gives us between a $80 million and $100 million pretax, the bottom line for us. So that's where we...
Jeffrey Julien: If you get the $45 million or $50 million after-tax and your 2% ROE.
Daniel Harris: Okay. And then just on the Private Client Group, just thinking forward, if more assets do come to the equity market, how does that sort of impact the different items? I'm assuming you'll lose money in net interest income because people will be shifting money out of cash. But is the revenues that you'll earn, say, per dollar of asset go up? Is that how to think about that?
Steven Raney: Well, it would go up, I think a lot of them go into ramp [ph] fee type of programs, which is how a lot of the investing is being done here, as you know. So certainly, that fee is a lot more than that we're earning relative to the interest spread on cash. So that would certainly be a positive factor for us. And there are certainly increased Asset Management fees as more went into Equity as our Asset Management effort is largely small and mid-cap equity-based, at this point. So those were -- and so I think they would be a positive to PCG and to Asset Management for sure.
Chester Helck: And certainly over, what we're earning on interest today. Because I don't think anyone is earning a lot on it.
Daniel Harris: Yes, I would imagine.
Chester Helck: We'd make that trade today, for sure.
Daniel Harris: Well let us all hope that, that happens. All right, guys. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from the line of Hugh Miller with Sidoti.
Hugh Miller: I was wondering if you could talk a bit about, I guess, the debt offering that you guys did issue. I was wondering, I guess when you consider the pace at which you guys put to work or have put to work the prior senior note offering, I was just trying to get a sense as to why you guys are looking at, I guess, five-year paper as opposed to the ten-year paper you issued before?
Paul Reilly: Well you know we looked all up and done the curve. Even 30 year looked attractive, if you're looking at equity replacement. I think the issue really is we think there's just going to be opportunities to invest, then we want to stay liquid. And we're generating positive cash flow. So if we had a specific purpose for it, we would've gone longer to fund whatever we're going to use it for. But given that, we just kind of chose a shorter-term range that we figured if we need cash, we're still generating good cash flow. We wanted to be liquid, be able to have opportunities to do whatever we wanted to do and cash over the period of time, we thought would pay it back. So we took probably more of an intermediate position given that and went up and down the yield curve. So we just thought the markets were attractive, wanted to stay liquid and debated up and down the curve. So we could have argued -- we could argue 10, we could argue 5 and we could argue 30, but we chose the five based on that we did the last one at 10 to prevent a bunching of the maturities.
Hugh Miller: And I guess obviously we've talked about the importance of rising short-term rates to your bottom line. I was wondering if you could tell us what your strategists are kind of looking at now with regards to expectations and when the Fed might start to move?
Paul Reilly: I don't know if everyone -- you keep looking and it seems like every couple of quarters, prediction gets a couple of quarters later. We've assumed that rates are going to have to move up, whether it's the end of this year or beginning of next year, which I guess is more of a consensus, we don't know. So we're in a position to benefit from it, but I don't know if we could tell you when that will be, better than anybody else.
Hugh Miller: And I guess in thinking about the prepayment pressure that the bank has been under, I was wondering, I guess maybe if you could make some comments, Steve, about how much of an influence would higher short-term rates kind of play on some of that prepayment pressure that really more a function of the long-end of the curve? What kind of starts to get that prepayment pressure to subside?
Steven Raney: I think that would impact it for sure. We have seen that the pace by which our corporate borrowers are able to refinance has slowed down here recently. As a matter of fact average loans for the quarter were actually up during the March quarter. We're still seeing some of that activity, but it has slowed down a little bit. Clearly, our residential portfolio, they would be a direct correlation with the prepayments and repayments of our mortgage portfolio with rising rates.
Hugh Miller: Okay, and once you do start to kind of go into the mode of growth in the loan portfolio, can you just remind us again on the expected reserve rates that you would administer for the residential and the corporate originations?
Steven Raney: Sure. Our corporate portfolio, it's obviously -- we've got a risk rating system. So it's based on what grade of loan, but the going-on rate for new loans is approximately 160 basis points of new reserves. And the residential portfolio is just slightly less than 100 basis points right now going on.
Hugh Miller: Okay, and I guess if you start to increase your expectations or become a little more comfortable with the overall economic climate and so forth, would you think that there is the opportunity for reserve releases? Or should we just kind of start to see the reserve ratio come down just as we see growth in the portfolio and then a lower pace of which the new loans are coming on at those reserve levels?
Steven Raney: Yes, it kind of not in our DNA to release reserves. But definitely, the latter versus the former comment for sure.
Chester Helck: I don't see us changing our system that would systemically release reserves. It's just as individual credits improve occasionally, we see reserves, specific reserve release. .
Steven Raney: So I think you'd see the same discipline you saw in '09 where people question whether we're reserving, whether we reserved well, not as well as we thought, I guess, going into '08 or '09, but we keep the same discipline even in the up markets. We assume over a cycle, we're going to use them and try to value them appropriately.
Chester Helck: One thing that you could see though, Hugh, is holding everything else constant if you actually had a loan that you had reserved, and you decided to actually charge part of the loan offer or all of it, that in and of itself, would just reduce reserves, once again, holding everything else flat.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from the line of Devin Ryan of Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: Yes, I just wanted to follow-up on the loan paydowns. I believe last quarter, you benefited by maybe $10 million or so from loans paying off early, which seemed to be a little bit higher than normal. And I just wanted to see if -- a couple of things, one, does that run through interest income? And then secondly, how much was the positive impact from loans paying off early this quarter?
Paul Reilly: Yes, that is correct, Devin. That fee recognition of the unamortized portion happens at the time that a loan pays down or pays off. And also if a loan has a material refinancing element, if there's a change of maturity date, we go through an exercise to determine if it's in effect, a new loan or not. The March quarter looked very similar to the December quarter in that regard. So there was -- there's been quite a bit of fee recognition, but both quarters looked relatively consistent with one another.
Steven Raney: And it does flow through interest...
Paul Reilly: Interest income, yes.
Steven Raney: That's why the spreads stayed up at 3.5% whereas we've been steering people guidance-wise to numbers lower than that. And it's lower than last quarter because last quarter included that interest adjustment. It was [ph] present in the quarter.
Jeffrey Julien: The other thing that impacted the margin this last quarter, our cash balances were higher by a couple of $100 million, which there's very little margin in the overnight liquidity that the bank has, so that lowered the margin on total assets.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. So just thinking about, call it, maybe $10 million or so in benefit from that, that's higher than maybe the last couple of quarters. The last couple of quarters, it's higher than maybe it had been running previously? I just want to make sure I'm thinking about that right.
Steven Raney: That is correct. And as the refinancing subside, then we wouldn't have that recognition. I think it was a little bit less than $10 million number over the last couple of quarters though.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Paul Reilly: Okay, well if there are no more questions, I thank you for joining the call. And Tom James has joined us in the room, so every time I see 93 consecutive quarters, I'm always reminded what's in front of me is to keep the firm operating positively. So I appreciate your participation, and talk to you all soon.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-01-21 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lakesha and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Quarterly Analyst Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  Mr. Paul Reilly, CEO, you may begin your call.
Paul Reilly: Thank you, Lakesha, and we're calling here from St. Petersburg. I hope today is reflective of the earnings. We are bright, sunny and 74, as I'm sure most of you are sitting in right now. I have in the room with me Jeff Julien, who will be presenting our CFO; Jennifer Ackert; Steve Raney; and Paul Matecki, and we'll get to your questions. I'm going to start with kind of a brief overview and go through the segments on an overview basis and then turn it over to Jeff who will go into some of the more detailed numbers. Then we'll open it up for questions. I think the overall message is this is a strong quarter even after maybe some one-time adjustments. We had record net revenue and a record net income even without the historic non-bank earnings that our industry has enjoyed. And I think if you really look at it, there's really two factors that are driving that. First is the firm is well-positioned and even in the downturn, we continue to recruit and grow and add to our team. And the second factor is we've had a positive market and because of that growth in positioning, we are able to really take advantage of the market and drive these results. In all the business units really participated, and I'd like to cover kind of the highlights of those, the business units, and then turn it to Jeff. First on our Private Client Group, we had record Assets under Administration of $262 billion. This is a result of both market improvement and the historic recruiting we've done to continue to bring more financial advisors into the firm. Productivity, the average productivity of advisors depending on the channel is up 3% to 4% just versus the preceding quarter, and with a good cost control, our margins expanded where we're double digit in both of those segments. So on a 5% revenue increase, we had a pretax contribution increase of 18%. Our advisor count was slightly down, essentially flat. The backlog of recruiting inquiries are going back up again, as you, I'm sure, saw that Registered Rep rated us as number one in advisor satisfaction, which again, I think, is giving much more inquiries into the firm and people looking to move calling Raymond James. The next section I'd like to touch is Capital Markets, a little bit of good news and hearin some, I guess, noise flowing through the segment. Revenue was up 12% but you saw a decrease in the contribution. Deal volume was very good. Now some of the deal volumes, we always have a hard time trying to give you apples-to-apples as indicators. You could see that we showed in the U.S. going from 12% lead manage to 5%. One of the issue of that is just size because even though we may be a lead manage deal, what's our participation? So it may reflect direction, but you can't really use it as a multiple. Canada also had a very, very strong quarter at 14% versus 6%, and the M&A activity, not just the underwriting, but the M&A activity continues to be very, very strong, that's on the positive side. On the negative side, we had a decrease in trading profits really as a result of fixed income, with some municipal inventory that kind of went the wrong way in November and December, brought our trading profits down for the quarter but that's pretty much seemed to have corrected in January. We also had some comp accrual reversals. Overall for the firm, they weren't out of line, but the equity capital markets had actually went the other way. And we also had a product, which we call Best Picks, which is sold heavily in Europe where the commissions are higher so that drove expense, with our independent contractors, that drove the expense line a little up. So the first quarter has some numbers, I think, flowing through that make the quarter a little more difficult to read for capital markets. Of course, we also announced the Howe Barnes acquisition, which we think is a great fit for our firm, it was about 120 associates. This acquisition really fit Raymond James very well. First, with Dan and Bill on the team is a great cultural fit, with our financial institution's equity capital market practice. We think it'll help us to continue to penetrate our Financial Institutions business and be synergistic to our existing business. CEO [ph] , who heads our Financial Institution practice there, is going to co-head it with Dan, was a big advocate of the acquisition. We office near each other in Chicago. I would say on both sides, people are excited about the addition to the team. But there's also a lot of synergies with our Fixed Income group that we've been growing our financial institution fixed income practice. Headquartered in Memphis, we've added a number of sales and trading people, both in the fixed income side and the synergies between the equity capital markets and fixed income should be very, very strong. We also have about 20 financial advisors, that are part of the definitive merger agreement, that we hope will be joining us. So there's a good addition to that group, and also one of our fastest growing recruiting segments is our FID or Financial Institutions Division and PCG, which we think will help us in that area, too. So we think it's a great cultural fit and a good kind of niche acquisition like The Lane Berry that we look for here at Raymond James. Asset management had record AUM, excluding market funds, of $33.4 billion and again, assets were driven by the market but strong net inflows, especially in the institutional side, produced great results. That business has very strong leverage so at a 14% increase in revenue we had a 35% increase in the contribution side. We do have a little bit of one-time $3.2 million in performance fees, that Jeff may address in the quarter, but we had $3.6 million last year at the same time in the quarter. So fees may be a little higher for the quarter, on a normal run rate, but not unusual as compared to a year ago. Probably, again, a lot a focus on the bank, which is the next segment I'll talk about. 16% increase in revenue driving a 70% increase in the contribution here, and it's a tale of really a lot of stories with -- our loan production was strong. In fact, it was our best residential mortgage month in production. We had good commercial production. It's still a very, very strong competitive market for the good credits. So the backlog looks strong. We do compete for loans, and even though spreads may be tightening a little bit on new loans, they're replacing loans with lower spreads that are running off. And the story here for the bank is really the runoff as people paying down loans and that rate is still staying high and when that comes down, we hope with these production levels to be adding to our loan balances in the bank. The other big story there, obviously, is continued credit quality improvement. I think you're seeing it in the industry but as we reflect back at Raymond James, we've had well I think well-managed credit, vis-à-vis our industry, and you're seeing those adjustments really flow through in this quarter. So with that, that's kind of the highlights of our four major segments. I'm going to turn it over to Jeff and then at the end, I'll come back and talk about what I think the outlook looks like. Jeff?
Jeffrey Julien: Thanks, Paul. I guess the over-arching comment which is most appropriate for this quarter is that with some equity market wind at our back, some of the operating leverage that we've been telling people for years exists within our segments, particularly in this case, PCG and Asset Management actually did come home to roost. I'm going to focus on some of the -- a couple of statistics that aren't readily apparent from all the information that we sent out in the press release or are not disclosed there but kind of a precursor to some of the things that would be in the Q when it gets filed. One is the comp ratio, which there has been a lot a focus on. It actually did come down in the quarter. We had some that's not unusual, I think, when we have record net revenues, but it did drop below 68%. But it’s still hovering in the high 60s, 67.8% this quarter versus 68.4% last quarter. I think as we pointed out last time, I don't expect to see any major movements in there as long as our business mix stays similar. Until we get some help from interest earnings at which time -- which doesn't have a lot of variable comp associated with it, at that time I would think our comp ratio would drift down a couple of hundred basis points possibly from here. Another factor is recurring revenues. Last year, last fiscal year by comparison, our total recurring revenues were 54% of total revenues. And for this quarter, not much different, 53%. So we're in a lot of transaction-related things that was still a lot of recurring revenues driving the revenue stream, a lot of fee-based type accounts, et cetera. Paul touched on the asset management performance fees. I think that's an important factor to note that always -- it's indicative first of all, that our performance has held up very well in asset management, but it does have a tendency to distort the December quarter slightly relative to the asset levels. Within the commission and fees line of $534 million for the quarter, of that $104 million was institutional and $430 million was Private Client Group. But important and equally important again to me is within the Private Client Group, 57% of their $430 million was recurring, which includes basically fee-based accounts and trails on funds and annuities. So again, indicative of the strong equity market we have seen. I do want to touch on net interest income for a moment. It was $88 million for the quarter, up from $78 million in the preceding quarter. We had been running along in the $75 million to $80 million per quarter range for some time now. As pointed out in the footnotes to the bank information, there was a correction of an interest accrual at the bank, which effectively added $6.4 million to net interest income this particular quarter. So exclusive of that, net interest income was about $81.5 million, which is indicative of two things: one, that the bank is maintaining a high spread and actually slightly growing loans again; second, so the bank had about $3 million of improved interest earnings this quarter from last quarter, and the balance was in PCG as you get an upward-moving equity market, we start to generally see a slight uptick in margin debits, and we have seen that versus a year ago. The bank error that we talked about, the interest accrual catch up, if you will, on residential side added about nine basis points to the interest spread for the quarter. But that spread stays quite strong even with that taken out, we have been guiding people toward 3.25% to 3.30% range for spread. It looks now like it's, given where the market is and the loans we've been adding, it's probably going to be more like 3.40-ish going forward here for guidance. Expanding a little bit on the bank, the biggest surprise, if you want to call it that or the difference between actual and analyst projections, I think was the loan loss provision, which came in a little over $11 million for the quarter, which is the lowest since March 2008. So it's been a while since we've seen that. It's nice to see the improving credit environment. There were some loan upgrades and things that factored into that. But by and large, our rate of additional problem loans surfacing has gone down dramatically. So it's -- our total criticized loans are down 37% year-over-year. Nonperforming assets were down $25 million during the quarter. All the credit metrics are looking better and better as we get quarter after quarter without anymore hiccups in the economy here. The only other thing I'll talk about right here at the bank has to do with their capital ratios. We did pay a $75 million dividend in November from the bank to the holding company. We had a grant and got regulatory approval to do that. Even after that, though the bank's risk-based capital ratio at the end of December was 13.2% to the extent that the bank keeps generating earnings at these levels without a lot of net loan growth to need that capital, they may become, for a period of time, a regular dividend that are back to the parent company. The only other thing I'll say is kind of non-recurring. It's non-recurring for the rest of the year, at least, but it occurs every December quarter is that we end up reversing some of the over-accrued bonus pools that we've had around the firm. This year, that number amounted to about $7.7 million. That has served to help the comp ratio, of course. That's similar to the amount that it was in the prior year. But obviously, that's a fact that it won't be there every quarter. So those trying to look at our run rate, which I know is something that people focus on, certainly the adjustment at the bank and the bonus reversal, is between those two things, it's $0.05 or $0.06 of non-recurring type items in this particular quarter but still would have been, even without those things, a record quarter for us. And where the rubber meets the road in terms of our own analysis of our results is a return on equity. For this quarter, it was 13.9%, which is pretty impressive without the help of the traditional interest spreads, which as we've talked about before could mean somewhere between 80 million and 100 million pretax to us when rates start hitting up by 100 basis points or more, and that 13.9% is contrasted to 12.2% last quarter and only 8.3% a year ago. So we're, I think, pretty pleased with the magnitude of that number. We'd surely love to be back in our 15% plus target range but had been somewhat resigned to the fact that, that wasn't going to happen until we have the traditional interest spreads, we certainly made good progress towards that goal this quarter.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. Quickly on kind of just the outlook and of course, when you look at the outlook, the biggest question is the economy. Certainly, it has a major factor on our business. Our view is that we are on a slow but choppy growth, and we'll see small corrections that we believe as the economy will continue to slowly grow and recover. So the upside is going to be determined partly by how the economy grows and the reflection into the capital markets. And certainly, we always have to look at our correction or downside. We continue to manage costs. We went -- '09 wasn't that far away, that remember the big corrections can happen. And even though we came to that with an 8% return on equity, it wasn't a time we enjoyed. But if you look at the businesses, really all of the indicators are positive. Given a slowly improving market, I think the $0.65, given Jeff said $0.05 or $0.06 of unusual items is high, but we still see a lot of positive momentum kind of off a lower base. In PCG, our assets will continue to grow at the market, and I think as clients move into equities again, that trend continues, should have a positive effect on our business, that we're still very focused on recruiting. But we're not going to overpay for financial advisors, and we can't do in markets where people aren't be very aggressive and markets where we believe people are maybe overpaying a little more cautious, and we're willing to go through the cycle. Having said that, we're very focused on kind of recruiting, but the big driver will be the shift to equities and really driving our business. In the bank side, the loan backlog looks strong. The big question is run off, I mean, we'll continue I think to push loan production within our credit limits. We're very, very focused on credit quality and high quality credits. There's a lot of competition for them, and the question is as we continue to book those loans, how much will run off? The credit quality is clearly improving. I think the provision's approved because the loan quality's approved, and I don't know what will move that except as we start adding more loans and once again, though anything can happen to an individual credit given our size it can affect the provision. In the capital markets, ECM has a solid backlog, both in underwriting and in M&A. Canada's been surprisingly strong and looks continually a good backlog. We'll continue to recruit to build our ECM business and believe it has a solid outlook. In our fixed income, we had some bumps in the quarter with trading profits, but they look like they are rebounding more to traditional levels. But as you know, in that market, any book can happen. That's one that's hard to predict. But we think it's well managed and well positioned. Asset management as their leverage, they control costs very well, and as long as we continue on inflows and market improvements should continue to be positive in our outlook. So if the market improves, we feel very good about our positioning and earnings. We don't take it for granted. We still have to continue to recruit and build this business, which we think we're well positioned to do. We have a strong team and given the reasonable economy, we have a good look on the outlook, again, if you take out the one-time items from a little lower level.
Jeffrey Julien: We'd like to say we have a couple of more on one-time items in our pocket for the coming quarters. But we really don't know if we got any more...
Paul Reilly: But they haven't. So with that, let us go ahead and open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Devin Ryan, Sandler O’Neill.
Devin Ryan: Just trying to reconcile the strengths in the commission and fee line. It looks like December, if you just look at December on the month alone, was a record quarter and just given that a lot of the fees are billed upfront and that industry trading activity levels seem to fall off a bit in the month. I'm just trying to figure out what happened in December and why it was such a strong month.
Jeffrey Julien: Versus the preceding quarter, there was a $16 million increase in institutional commissions, largely driven by the number of syndicate participations and equity underwriting activity, and they also come out of our analysts' best picks for the UIT that we come out with every year, that drove $5 million in commissions. So we had just an exceptional quarter institutionally, and the balance of that increase was in Private Client Group and that's just the strength of a rising market. You know we had a jump start when the fee billings on October 1 were about 5% or 6%, 3% or 4%, 5% or 6% higher, whatever they were, from the July 1 billings, and we have that same dynamic incidentally, going forward, where we have about 10% higher market billings January 1 than we had on October 1. And it's again, as Paul mentioned it's clients shifting back to equities where we're seeing some of that. They're, obviously, nowhere near the levels that they were three years ago in terms of household ownership of equities. But that drives a lot of business and the funds where we get bigger trails and some of the managed accounts, et cetera. So I think it's the manifestation of some of the unused capacity that we had within PCG as the markets recovered.
Paul Reilly: Devin, I think that people kind of focus, by the compare of commission lines, a lot of the institutional business. In the overdue that business is tough and it's still challenging, but a lot of this is driven by PCG, the movement to equities and certainly underwriting and syndicate some stuff [indiscernible].
Jeffrey Julien: But there was nothing unusual in the quarter. I'm proud to say beyond our Analysts' Best Picks, which is probably a $5 million type item.
Devin Ryan: So that is a December -- that's when you get paid for that in December? Or I'm just trying to understand December and I understand that, obviously, with the beginning of period asset levels up that, that would help each month in the quarter but just...
Jeffrey Julien: That's in December of every year we do it. That's in December, their Best Picks for the coming year.
Devin Ryan: And then just also, I guess the SEC is going to deliver a report to Congress tomorrow on their results and recommendations just related to the study, I think, that's going to outline the extent that broker-dealers going to be held to fiduciary standards. Just wanted to get any early insights you guys might be expecting or if you just have any expectations in general or on the suggested changes related to what might happen. So...
Paul Reilly: I think, Devin, it's still pretty well an unknown. There's been kind of a moving market, moving controversy between registered investment advisors and our industry and what defines what. We don't see any dramatic change for the business, but I think the ultimate deliverable and even in some of these other findings that are out, there's not an answer to a lot of them. I mean, it gets down to what regulator but then what rules are going to come down from whatever regulator body gets some of the pieces, and our take is on all this legislation shouldn't dramatically change our business or positioning but it's going to increase costs, compliance costs. And I think that's going to be the net, net result, and whether that protects investors long term or not, we’ll leave that to others. So we don't see a dramatic impact on our business. We've been involved with it. We'll see what really comes out when it all settles out, not just when the positions rolled out but the rules and what does that mean and we just think that net-net, is compliance costs will go up.
Devin Ryan: And then just lastly on the non-comp expenses, outside of the bank loan loss provisions, they increased 6% and in my take, it just looks like higher business activity levels, higher revenues probably drove that. But is there anything seasonal in there or anything else we should be looking at?
Paul Reilly: I don't think so.
Jeffrey Julien: No. Looking down the -- it can't be a big dollar number. There's nothing unusual in our numbers there.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Hugh Miller with Sidoti.
Hugh Miller: Just a follow-up on the question with regards to how strong the December commissions were in the month. Would you say that there was year-end tax loss planning and maybe some harvesting there of tax losses that were kind of maybe driving up December commissions relative to November in the prior few months? Or is it really just kind of -- some of the things you mentioned with regards to the Best Picks and just the shift in interest in equities and retail investors?
Jeffrey Julien: I don't think we see a big seasonality in terms of the year-end tax transaction-related movement. But I think it was again, and this was somewhat the explanation in September as well, we had just a busy underwriting calendar in the month.
Paul Reilly: We've looked through it, Hugh, I mean, and we didn't see any unusual items outside of the ones we've mentioned. So again, I think the underwriting calendar does impact it. We had a very strong month, and I think the big movement for us is always the PCG group and the movement to equities does push it there. But we can't point at anything that looks really unusual.
Hugh Miller: And you guys, I think, you've mentioned in the presentation that you were seeing broker production levels, if I had this right up, somewhere around 3% to 4% on a sequential basis. I guess is that right? And then the other just being -- where would you say that they are relative to historical norms for production?
Paul Reilly: They're getting closer, they're not there yet. But I think we have a number of factors -- in our recruiting over the last few years, we've recruited much higher producing financial advisors, that's historic. So I think as you look at productivity on this account is relatively flat, but if you look at the average financial advisors, the production level is higher historically, and we're getting closer to that historic level. But we still have some room.
Jeffrey Julien: And I think just to give you some definition, I think in RJA the employees' side, I think we peaked, if I remember right, at about 515,000 average gross. We're currently up back at 490,000. So as Paul said, we're getting close. And we've got probably on average people with a higher trailing 12 than we had back when we set the previous record. So there's still some room to run. But it's getting back toward records for us.
Hugh Miller: One question with regards to -- obviously, you made some commentary on the pickup in competition on the recruiting side, that you're not going to go out there and kind of pay up for advisors above and beyond what you're comfortable with. But I guess given the potential for competition to remain somewhat high, how confident are you with the company's ability in fiscal '11 and beyond to kind of grow advisor head count?
Paul Reilly: Well, I think that our goal is to grow advisor head count. I think we can and probably will for the year. But I mean, our view and we reiterate it all the time, is we target 15% growth from the PCG segment and sometimes in '09, we'd say it's a factor of three items: recruiting a 5%; productivity a 5%; market of 5%; and '09 we got no market. There's no productivity, it was recruiting. And this year, we're getting a lot of help from the market and productivity, and recruiting is down but we're not going to do uneconomic deals to make the numbers look better short term. And we've ridden through the cycle, it's been historic Raymond James. And I have no intention at all of changing that. So if people want to buy an uneconomic, what we do is on uneconomic deals, we're not going to participate and we'll wait until, as the market always does, they get economic again. Having said that, our inquiries, if you look at January, are way up, now that's very early in a recruiting cycle inquiries versus closing. But we think we're doing the right thing, and we'll continue to recruit and try to grow the head count, I think we can, but I just don't know how much.
Hugh Miller: And the last question I have, just with regards to the bank, you guys are, obviously, mentioning that you're kind of seeing a pickup in interest in loan originations at the bank and obviously, the headwind is the runoff and the portfolio, but can you just talk about -- if are there certain loan types that you're seeing more of an interest at the bank at this point?
Steven Raney: Hugh, it's Steve Raney. We highlighted that we had a pretty significant increase in C&I, which has been our focus, our commercial and industrial loans versus commercial real estate in the quarter. We actually grew that segment of our business almost $200 million in outstandings during the quarter. And in the C&I bucket, it's been rather broad across a wide cross section of industries. So no one or two industry is really driving that. It's been very broad. Although it does align itself well with our business units inside investment banking, energy, health care. We've done some business with the REITs as well, as well as some of the other industry groups we're focused on, telecommunications and in some of the consumer areas as well. The Residential business has been very challenging. Paul mentioned that we had the largest quarter in the bank's history in terms of loan closings on the origination side. We are actively trying to grow our own originations in our mortgage banking area. We've not been able -- we have grown or actually purchased some pools, but it's been relatively small. We've been very disciplined with our approach to that business. We're not willing to buy pools of loans without strong buyback language. So I think that over the time, you're going to see a higher percentage of the bank's balance sheet in C&I commercial loans versus commercial real estate and residential real estate.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: In terms of the growth in other revenues, can you tell us sort of what was driving that? The growth in other revenues quarter-on-quarter?
Jeffrey Julien: There's a kind of an anomaly thing with, when we have OTTI costs at the bank, they're a contra revenue item. They were a lot lower this quarter. So that, obviously, makes the other revenue number higher. The other thing is we continue to convert more and more mutual fund families to the omnibus arrangement that we've got, and we get paid much more per account than we do in the previous networking-type arrangement. So that will continue to grow as we continue to convert more funds. I can't tell you what percentage we are as a way through, and all the fund families aren't big enough to convert. But that'll continue to -- that's a recurring type item that will be there going forward. I think that was what $3.5 million number going forward, number like that.
Joel Jeffrey: So is this sort of low 30s number a decent way to think about the other line going forward?
Jeffrey Julien: Let's see. Probably. It looks like it at this point. I mean, I'm looking down and figure there's nothing particularly unusual. There's nothing in the Proprietary Capital write-ups and write-downs going there, that's a little lumpy. But it wasn't a big deal this quarter, but it can be so on a run rate I would say...
Paul Reilly: Probably right.
Jeffrey Julien: Probably 30-ish is probably reasonable.
Joel Jeffrey: And then in terms of the investment banking, can you just give us a revenue breakdown between M&A and what you did in the underwriting side?
Paul Reilly: Domestically, it was about $17 million of each for this quarter. And within Canada, it was about $16 million, but I don't have the breakdown between the two. So I think it's more and more weighted to underwriting, so probably something like 60-40 underwriting and M&A.
Joel Jeffrey: And then just lastly, can you give us a sense for how much of the increase in AUM came from inflows versus market appreciation?
Jeffrey Julien: There was about $1.9 billion of net inflows.
Joel Jeffrey: And is that sort of similar to what we saw last quarter?
Jeffrey Julien: Probably a little stronger than the preceding quarter. We had a lot more market help this quarter. Of course, we had a lot in September month, market appreciation was $4 billion number. So it was a big help. I don't remember what last quarter's inflows were. I don't have that in front of me.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris: I was wondering if I could come back to one of the questions that was posed earlier. I think maybe about the trajectory of the quarter on the commission line. It looked like that the December month, not the quarter, was really, really strong. And I guess my question is was that really driven by a lot of activity in the muni market? I know that it was very volatile, and it seems like some of the volumes that we could track were very high, and I was just wondering if you could put some color around that.
Paul Reilly: We get a lot of mutual fund trails at the end of the quarter. And then you got underwriting activity and Best Picks, so there is some lumpiness at the end of the quarter, so I don't know...
Jeffrey Julien: A lot of the trail funds we try to accrue on unpaid but we're estimating, as we don't really know what they're going to end up being. When we get quarterly payments of trueing them up. That's happened the last two quarters. So that added about, I'm guessing about, $3 million above and beyond what our accrual rate was in the December month. We had a strong underwriting month as I'd mentioned before in terms of number of transactions. Not all leads that we have to be leading, just so that we participate in as well, so that drives a lot of volume both institutionally and Private Client Group and then the Best Picks UIT that we do in December for the coming year was about $5 million commission number as well. So those three things all happened in December.
Daniel Harris: Tell me about something you guys announced really late in the year, the Howe Barnes deal. What was it about that transaction? As far as I can remember one of the first you guys have done in a while that really attracted you guys to it. How did that actually come about? And should we expect that you guys should be looking to do smaller things in the securities side outside of this? I know that you've thinking about the asset management side more in the recent past.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think as we look at growth given our size that, again, we're great believers in organic growth so we'll continue to recruit one by one because as you do that, you're pretty comfortable that people are joining you for the right reasons and there's a good cultural fit. But having said that, I think we're getting much more proactive and talking about really our corporate development function what we look for, what I call niche acquisitions. So Howe Barnes acquisition, again, added to our financial institution space, a place that we thought that we had a decent practice but certainly weren't at the levels of some of our other practices in terms of the size and scope. So it added great capability. We really liked Dan and Bill, actually introduced to us through the Private Client Group through talking to some of their advisors, and we met. And it was just a great fit. It fits our business, again, our fixed income folks were great supporters of the transaction because of synergy, and we'll continue to look for, hopefully, more systematically niche acquisitions, which I would put The Lane Berry acquisition, which really helped us in our M&A practice. Howe Barnes which we think will give us more critical mass in our financial institutions group with great people and look at other areas in all of our businesses that we can do that. Again, we're not a big believer in big acquisitions because of both the cost, the cultural implications, the integration but acquisitions, niche acquisitions we would hope to do more of if we can find them, if the culture fits and if the price is reasonable and if we can get those criteria and they fit the strategy that we will, hopefully, we'll do more of.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Lipper [ph] with Lipper Advisors.
Unidentified Analyst: I'm a little curious thinking long term. Assuming for the moment that you don't do any foreign acquisitions, at what point will your international activities be a meaningful contribution to your earnings? I'm thinking out like five years. Would they be 10%, 20% some normalized period out there?
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think if you look at institutional sales, they're already at $30 million gross. I mean, they're already a factor in our business. But we will continue to look at growing our business in Europe, organically and in South America. But having said that, I think that if you look at the real number drivers, international become more important and we're very committed to it. But we have plenty of opportunities in North America and the U.S. and Canada, and those numbers I think will continue to be the predominant growth numbers even as we invest more in Europe and South America.
Jeffrey Julien: But let's assume for the moment you're not considering Canada international because we clearly have a big commitment there. I would say that Europe is already a material factor in our Institutional business. We have several independent contractors, sales offices over there and some trading and research operations. What you see in our segment presentation as Emerging Markets is a small number and if that's what you're referring to we go a lot a little more gingerly into the Emerging Markets space than we do in the developed markets, and if the opportunities don't present themselves, that may never become a meaningful part of our business.
Unidentified Analyst: Would it be useful at some point to, at least in your commentary, aggregate your international activities and for the moment include Canada, include your institutional sales overseas as well as the office space activities?
Paul Reilly: I think it's in the 10-K if you go...
Jeffrey Julien: By country.
Unidentified Analyst: By country, but is that by where the client is or where the office is?
Jeffrey Julien: That's by where we're located, where our sales person is located or our producer is located.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Stelmach, FBR Capital Markets.
Steve Stelmach: My question is on the rate sensitivity to just -- you sort of mentioned the $80 million to $100 million of your pretax leverage at the higher rates. It's been out there for, I guess, for a few quarters you mentioned it, yet margin balances are up, call it, 12% year-over-year. Are you seeing any sort of incremental benefit from those higher margin balances yet? Or is the level of absolute rates just not really moving a needle yet on the broker side of it?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, to the extent that margin debit has increased just as bank loans would increase, then we'll see some increased interest earnings from that. But when I talk about the $80 million to $100 million, I'm really talking about the spread on cash, client cash balances that we just are turning around and then deploying in overnight investment-type activities or in our own bank, et cetera. That dynamic hasn't changed. We haven't really seen cash balances change much, if anything, they've increased a little bit. So we haven't seen a big massive deployment back into the market of cash balances. That $80 million to $100 million, the reason I give a range, is because it's depending on how much is in cash at any point in time. But to the extent that loan balances either at the bank or the brokerage firm increase, that will definitely benefit interest earnings even without any change in rates.
Steve Stelmach: You are seeing the benefit of that, those loan balances or the margin balances increasing to some degree?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, rounded to a $1 million this quarter to the Private Client Group.
Steve Stelmach: And then on the bank, is it fair to say it's still fee liability-sensitive business?
Steven Raney: Steve, we would characterize it -- we're really more asset-sensitive in terms of -- and that business mix has not changed at all. I mean, we are funding the portfolio predominantly with floating rate deposits. We do have almost all the corporate loans or floating rate. The residential loans are almost exclusively 5, 1 adjustable rate loans that have typically a three to three and a half year average life. So we do have some interest rate risk, but it's relatively low and manageable. We've done some hedging in the past, and we monitor that very closely on a monthly basis on a formal, very formal approach to the interest rate risk management. So...
Paul Reilly: People need to remember the flexibility we have in the bank on the funding side. We can adjust deposits almost overnight, and so most institutions have to worry about that where we have the luxury of being able to sweep deposits into the bank or sweep them into other banks through our bank sweep program.
Jeffrey Julien: I see interest hovering around this $80 million to $85 million range for a while until either balances take a huge jump in terms of loan balances or until interest rates start moving, and then we'll see a dramatic and get back over the, well over the $100 million a quarter where we had seen it before.
Steve Stelmach: And that's even with your 340 basis points of NIM guidance?
Steven Raney: Yes.
Operator: Your last question is from the line of Douglas Sipkin with Ticonderoga.
Douglas Sipkin: I just wanted to come back to the provision expense, maybe Steve could chime in just a little bit. Obviously, a bigger drop off than I expected, and could you maybe and I apologize if you have given it, I jumped on late, can you give us how we got there from where we were running at? I mean, I know I saw MBAs decline, but you guys are starting to -- the loan balances did grow a little bit, so I'm just trying to get the sense of how do we get this decline this quarter and what sort of the outlook is right now.
Steven Raney: Sure. I'm trying to reconcile that back for you. We've had a low number of downgrades relative to upgrades. We did resolve some of our largest problem loans. So actually our largest, nonperforming loan was resolved in the quarter. We had another problem loan that was fully paid in the quarter that freed up reserves, if you look at that on an isolated basis. So in effect, our charge-offs and our additions to reserves offset each other approximately. So it was really a reflection of improving credit trends kind of across the board, and then our residential portfolio has really stabilized in the last couple of quarters. We haven't seen dramatic improvement. The improvements have been nominally better the last couple of quarters. So all of those factors led to the lowest provision expense in a couple of years.
Douglas Sipkin: And then maybe a question for Paul. It seems like you'd have to be blind not to see you guys are doing better in investment banking. How much of that is hires? How much of that is maybe you guys are finding better leverage points with the commercial bank and the investment bank? How much is the environment.
Paul Reilly: I guess it's a little bit of everything. We've continued to hire. The Lane Berry acquisition and M&A is starting to really come into fruition. That always takes time when you do an acquisition both between the market and the integration of very good people. I think we're getting payoffs. We continue to hire bankers. The market has been pretty strong in sectors where we're strong in, both the REITs, downstream, energy, business, health care have continued to produce very, very well, and also as a recovery and the capital markets open up more to the middle market companies, it's also going to benefit us or position us. It's kind of hard for us to compete on Fortune 100 business. And as you know, as the markets continues to open up and allow more companies in, then we become a stronger and stronger player in terms of being able to be the lead book runner on deals. So it's a factor of all of them and again, I think the outlook looks good but given the markets stay open and they continue to trend it open, it should be a good outlook.
Douglas Sipkin: ROE just below 14%. I know you guys raised the dividend last quarter. You did an acquisition. It does sort of feel like you guys are starting to use that excess a little bit more. Should we continue to think probably bolt-on acquisitions? I know 5x historically haven't that big of a focus unless stock really got a lot lower, maybe just update us on that.
Paul Reilly: Yes, as you know, we've had a pretty consistent dividend payout policy except for the board. If earnings go up, my guess will probably be dividend within the range, that's up to the board, and we're not big on stock buybacks unless we feel like there's no use for money, and we would like to systematically do deals like Howe Barnes and Lane Berry, if we could systematically find them. So the big caveat is we would like to do more, we’re going to put processes in place, hopefully do more. But we're very, very disciplined in terms of -- as Steven said, we're not going to do it just before some growth number, and we're very focused on that return on equity. So I think with any help with interest rates, they would be in their historic earnings this quarter return on equity of 15% outside of that. We're going to stick to the fundamentals. So hopefully we could do more deals like Howe Barnes, but I can't say we have a ton in the pipeline. We happened to look at a lot last year and found one that we closed on, and we'll continue to more systematically look. And if we find them, we'll close on them and hopefully invest some of the cash as we build it.
Douglas Sipkin: It also seems like non-comp expense can seem to be pretty well under control. I mean, just generally with the revenue levels, you probably expect to see a little bit more. I mean, are you guys doing some stuff internally to get more efficient or track stuff a little bit better to maybe kind of save a buck here, save a buck there, where it adds up to a little bit on the non-comp side?
Paul Reilly: That we do everyday.
Jeffrey Julien: I would say, Doug, that we are very sensitized to it after what we've gone through over the last couple of years. We don't have a lot of fat in this organization, and we never really have. So I think that what we're seeing here is a reluctance to build expenses, to meet those revenue levels and we're making sure expenditures are really very, very necessary before we undertake them.
Paul Reilly: If you look at the expense levels, we have bolstered IT spending a little bit, it's very focused on where we spend money in things that are critical, and we try to keep very tight on the operations side. Yet if you look at advisors satisfaction and stuff, I mean, I think people rate us just kind about unusually high in service. So we tried to manage cost but in the downturn, we didn't cut the back, really the support areas in order to keep our service level high. So we tend to be more even, but even in that markets tend to be watch our cost, too, because we know markets come down. So I think, again, as Jeff said, you'll see the comp ratios without interest increases in the same maybe hopefully down a little with volume but as the businesses grow that are less comp sensitive or earnings grow like in net interest earnings that will bring the comp ratio down to put it more historic levels.
Jeffrey Julien: As well as all the other expense ratios. There's not a lot of expenses with improved interest expense. So we have very little control over that.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Paul Reilly: Great. Well we appreciate you joining the call, and we'll get back to work. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Roshira, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the quarterly analyst call. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Reilly. You may begin your conference.
Paul Reilly: Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. I have two pieces of good news to start our call. First is the company and our earnings are much stronger than my voice this morning, and secondly, I would say that it is rare when you have a company where you can go to the bench and get a replacement for the starter, who has more experience than the starter. So, in a sense my voice won’t hold out through this call due to laryngitis. I’m going to turn it over to Tom James, who will lead the call this morning. Tom.
Tom James: Thank you Paul. I’m here with the normal cast of characters, our CFO, Jeff Julien; our bank president, Steve Raney; Jennifer Ackart, our Controller, our lawyer, who must sit in on these calls; Paul Mataki [ph]; and then Chet Helck, our COO, is here. So, hopefully we can all fill in for Paul adequately. It is a pleasure to join you again, albeit I wish Paul was in better condition, because it is kind of fun to do the good numbers, as opposed to some of the ones that are less favorable in comparison. As I recently announced on CNBC, of course, we had a record quarterly net income and net revenue number. We had 748 million basically in net revenues which was a 12% increase in the quarter. Costs were contained reasonably well with a 6% increase. Again that has bank loan in it, but those are non-interest expenses. And generally I would say cost continued to be well managed as they do mainly for corporate America, generally speaking, although we, of course, have been doing a lot of hiring. So it is not as if we don’t have more comp expenses. You can see that generates most of the increase in expenses during the quarter. And as a result, net income per common share beat your estimates of $0.43, $0.44. They were $0.55, up from $0.35, and $0.49 in the immediately prior quarter, which means we were up 57% for the quarter, and pre-tax margins were 13.8%. After-tax margins on net revenues were 9.23%. Our comp ratio stays relatively high, especially on net revenues, but you got to remember to eliminate the high payout for independent contractors, which basically translates its way into the expense reductions. And in fact that comp ratio adjusted would have been 60.6%. So if you are trying to compare it to a normal employee based firm, our comparisons are favorable. We have always made it clear to everyone. We did benefit from the corporate tax rate, where we had a 34.4% effective tax rate, and the reason for that is we had tax credits from our low-income housing operations, we had tax credits from education, charitable contributions we make in Florida, which gets us state tax credits, as well as deductions on the Federal level. So when you look at this number and you spread it across the year, the tax rate is really around 37%, which is a pretty good run rate, even if you subtract the $0.03 impact of the lower tax rate in this particular quarter. So you can’t eliminate it, because it isn’t extraordinary. I mean it does occur every year. So the results were very good for the quarter, even better than we would have anticipated under the circumstances of having our businesses perform well, and just a few words on that subject before I go to the year. The fact is we were driven again by Private Client Group, where we had a 113% increase in pre-tax income, but capital market results were very good for the quarter, up 36%, and that really comes from a resurgence in fixed-income a little bit in the fourth quarter, as well as reasonably active, although no more active than last September, ECM calendar, and good M&A activity were I would say the results there are very healthy. As you can see in the press release, we included lead managed underwriting data and took out the managed total, the co-managed total, which you know in today’s era, somehow syndicate guys feel better if you are told that you are a co-manager or a co-lead, when in fact your economics are low. My response to everybody on that is please leave the title escalation out, and just send money. So the fact is though that we had good lead managed activity, still focused in the real estate, mainly REIT sector in energy, MLPs principally, in financial services, and in some health care transactions. And we have had M&A activity pretty much across the board. you know, we would have expected this as I have told you in prior periods and fall has said the same since he has become CEO, we have done a lot of hiring, and that hiring has been pretty much across the board, not just in the FA count, which actually was down net year-to-year because of some attrition, and much lower recruiting rates. We like to think that you don’t have attrition, but you have natural attrition, you have desk retirements that affect you, and occasionally you have regrettable attrition. we didn’t have very much of that in this number count, but we have continued to recruit good brokers, but the rate of recruitment is probably in the 35% ratio to last year’s activity levels because of all these high retention payments that were made during early this year and late last year that have really slow down the pace somewhat. And to be frank, we are not going to compete with 2% front money. I mean it is just not going to happen. So it is uneconomic, as I can tell on our rate of return on investments. So unlikely we are going to do that no matter what frenetic activity you might see at some of the majors. If you look at asset management, the recovery has mirrored the increase in assets under management, which you can see increased from the $25 billion to $30 billion range year-to-year. We have had good results in both net sales and in market appreciation. Raymond James Bank is, I am sure Steve will elaborate on, had a very good comparability in the quarter. More importantly, from our standpoint I would tell you with those numbers up 163%, we have seen moderation and hopefully bottoming on the loan loss reserve provisions. Actually, I think, next year we will begin to see some improvement in those numbers. And we are beginning to see a bottoming on the loans, which we have been talking about for a year as being frustrating to all of us, not because we are not originating a lot of loans, like the press would have you believe, but the fact is we are originating a lot of loans. it is just the runoff from our companies that earn a lot of money from normal mortgage repayments from all of these factors has put us at 150% to 200% of normal run off rates, and that is very difficult to make up for, but we have a very active pipeline, and maybe Steve can comment on that further when we get to the question standpoint. Emerging markets are still a little weak as we continue to invest in Brazil. Even Argentina, there is no capital markets activity down there to speak of, and you know they eliminated all their pension fund investing activity, so some of our best sources of business there are – more of them [ph] for the moment, not real important. The other activity is generally flat, not a really big result on the overall results. So very good quarterly results, and I would say asset management, it looks like since those assets are up a lot, and the assets under administration for our clients are up to record levels of $249 billion, a very substantial increase over last year even though year-end last year was pretty good after a rally. That record indicates that our fee income, which makes up around 50% of our revenues, and by the way other fees are up, financial service fee type revenues, so the outlook for the first quarter insulated from whatever the markets are going to do to us during that period looks good pretty much on all fronts, except for net interest, which I need to remind everybody that with these rates and with QE2 underway currently, which to me is absolute waste of effort on the part of the administration. I would rather have them focus on trying to get some more expense control into the government, and begin to prepare. I don’t think this is going to help the economic recovery. No one will notice. As a matter of fact, I think if they raise rates to 1% to 1.5%, now it would make a lot of difference. What we continue to do is penalize the investor saver for the benefit of the banks, and hopefully to stimulate some economic activity, but I think they are reaching now, and it won’t have much of an impact. But in any case, that is sort of the situation. When we look at the year, which I liked the little longer time periods to look at, we still had net income up 49% to $228 million, and reported $1.83 up from $1.25 [ph], which was a 47% increase. I started this year saying this moderate economic activity slow recovery with fits and starts would not enable us to have the typical V bottom type effects on earnings that we normally experience coming out of a recession. And that was maybe overly pessimistic, but we did it without a lot of revenue growth, and you can’t maintain that. So, you know, we want to see more revenue growth, and the challenge that Paul has made to our operating committee and our senior managers is to really focus on the sectors of the business, where the most opportunity is, and try to identify drivers of future growth. So I think that effort is well underway here. We continue to look at opportunities both internally and externally that give us an opportunity more growth going forward. So I think the outlook for the financial services industry is improving. Even at the banks, it will still have some residual losses that they are going to need to take in the coming periods. You do see that the bank earnings are up, and that is largely from lower provisions, or actually removing provisions from the balance sheet and the earnings that that is not taking place here. These numbers that the bank – our actual generation of earnings, and the reason we are frustrated with the lack of growth is if we actually had been able to maintain the capital relationships that you need to have we would have larger loan balances. We would have higher net interest earnings, and we would have higher earnings. So that is an upside here, and I’m sure Steve is tired of explaining loan loss provisions. He is looking forward to the moments when he can actually have a period when they are going down and contributing to additional earnings at the bank. So, I would say we are running on all cylinders. The remaining problem that you all will ask if I don’t talk about it is auction rate securities. We have continued to be somewhat frustrated by the slow pace of Nuveen buybacks, especially with respect to the issues in which we have the largest interest. But they continue to be committed to buying their issues back. We are down to about $580 million of ARS' outstanding. We would have hoped that we would basically been out of them, effectively in the Nuveen count, so that we would be down to less than 200 million outstanding. But that is going to take longer obviously. The rates they are getting, the reception in the marketplaces for refinancing is very good. So it is an attractive time I would argue to go ahead and spread your time risk on your financing cost out. Unfortunately we see no movement in Pimco and the other issuers who have smaller balances in our account. And in some of the municipalities, they are simply still waiting, both of those subgroups for higher interest rates, which will drive their penalty interest cost, and will force them to payback. So we have been in negotiation with the regulators to try to reach some sort of solution, but we haven’t got there yet. Hopefully we will do that in the not too distant future, not because we really believe we have done anything wrong, but you need to understand that from a competitive standpoint it is unpleasant for us to still have clients with outstanding ARS' if we had a surfeit of cash, which we really don’t. We would find some other way to deal with this, but we are dedicated to the shareholder too, and we have got to make sure that we do the right things for the company and don’t take the risk in the event of a second leg down or some issue like that that would put us in a cash shortage, even with a $300 million bond offering we did last year. So, obviously working capital needs go up as business gets better. I noticed that you all have forecast continuing increases in earnings next year based on some of the factors I gave you. That is a reasonable conclusion to reach. I don’t know what the market is going to do, none of us know that. We don’t know what untoward facts might develop, but if things stay the way they are, continue to improve in the markets, we are very well positioned to continue to take advantage of the situation. So, I think the outlook is good. We are not very impacted by re-regulation. We’re staying active in terms of involvement with the 17 committees that the financial services roundtable has to deal with all these committees and studies that are being done to complete the re-regulation, because, as you know, those laws are sort of without meat on the bones. You just have the bones there. And we want to make sure that we don’t get impacted going forward. The only other thing that I would report before we open it up for questions is that holding company application is still in limbo only because they are waiting until they complete the merger of the OTS and the OCC, and the Fed has already essentially assumed control of holding company regulation, and they are in very active conversations with all members of our senior management trying to figure out what we do. We have been notified that they will have two full-time people assigned to our account, which is, you know, maybe feel wonderful. But the fact is that they are doing a much better job on risk management I would say at the holding company level now. I look forward to working with them hopefully as a bank, instead of savings and loan only because we had the gross up again on September 30, as you know, to meet the SNL [ph] requirements. And that is simply expensive. Number one, we get taxed on gross assets at year-end in a sense for the banking charges for FDIC. We really shouldn’t have to go through these machinations, when in fact we haven’t done anything wrong from the standpoint of positioning ourselves for this conversion. We just had this intervention of the financial disaster out there, which has made it difficult for the regulators, made it difficult for us. Hopefully the press and the public have now learnt that TARP, at least, so far as it goes for the financial services industry was a very wise activity on the part of the government. The way that it was done turned out to be profitable for the populous and almost no program involved in these kinds of activities is profitable to the public. So, I would tell you in spite of the political ads you still see running, the fact is our politicians did make the right decision in the second vote to approve TARP, and the government’s actions were very wise. The financial system is now capable of supporting increasing growth over time, which who knows where we would have been had that TARP not occurred. But wherever it is, I was not looking forward to dust bowls in Florida. So 30% unemployment is a lot more unattractive than 10%. So basically I would tell you we’re in good shape, and I’m going to open it up for questions, and all of the staff here are available to answer these details, and you know, we look forward to continuing to report good earnings. Thank you very much and we are open for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Devin Ryan with Sandler O'Neill.
Devin Ryan: Hi, good morning guys.
Tom James: Good morning Dev.
Devin Ryan: Just want to drill down a bit more into the commissions and fees line, you know, obviously you guys bucked the industry trend, and then it looks like September was a record month. So, just want to dig in a little bit more, you know, FA productivity just really ramping from the new additions, which may be offset some of the slowdown, or was in your view the bigger driver than mix of the revenues, just trying to get some more…
Tom James: Actually the fee basis as I said is being very positively impacted, but the regular commission levels are up too, where you wouldn’t have that kind of an increase in PCG commissions which – were the commissions fees up 12, somewhat that percent. So, what I would say is that activity is good there. The institutional equity commissions are still somewhat lackluster, but fixed income picked up from recent quarters, albeit not at the levels of last year. So, I think it is mainly productivity enhancement is sales people who moved and the sales people who are here, are now in the process of recovering in their business plans, and essentially client attitudes. While you see this continuing movement to fixed income from equities are much more positive than they were. They feel a lot better. You know essentially those that had the perseverance, the retirement funds are now back up to the numbers they had prior to the start of this chaos that existed in the financial markets and the following recession. So I expect actually that will continue. We still have not returned to the productivity levels that we had at the pre-downturn point. So there is a lot more room for growth there. I also think that the movement of people as the retention on a lot of these contracts at some of the major firms drops as it amortizes over time, will enable more people to think about moving because there is still a lot of upset from the changes in the industry. It hadn’t stopped. So, I’m sort of bullish on the individual PCG business, and I think that we will continue to successfully grow it in the UK and Canada here, as well as in the United States. So, Chet and Paul and all of our retail heads, Dick Averitt and Dennis Zank, I think are doing a good job of controlling expenses. They are working hard to make the newer offices that we have more productive and profitable, and their contributions they are more selective in what they are doing in terms of new office openings currently. So, I think they are doing the right things, and we will continue to have improvement. But if you don’t get more people back to work, and you don’t have a better tone to what is happening, I think we may not see the increases we would like.
Devin Ryan: And then Tom, you touched on this already, but with certain items within FinReg that are pretty open-ended like the SEC’s interpretation of the fiduciary duty language, just as an example. As time passes, are you guys getting any more clarity on what the regulators are thinking about some of the interpretations that seem open-ended?
Tom James: Basically Chet reported to us in the last department head meeting. Some were passed, we don’t have a clue, but not very far. I mean this is very complex area. The regulators are way behind the times of what is really going on in the relationship of financial advisors to their clients. And you know, to make some kind of distinction between registered investment advisors and financial advisors in general, it is really not quite correct anymore. So we don’t really have a problem as financial planners with somebody defining higher levels of fiduciary responsibility on the part of financial advisors. We actually have very high quality training in the financial planning area, and in values and in all of the issues in addition to investment management, and investment advice for our financial advisors. So I am fairly comfortable with this. I don’t think you can kind of hold people to the old RIA language, which was designed for real money managers that were professional third-party organizations. So you got to craft something that works for someone that gives advice to individual clients, and host financial advisors to high standards, but it doesn’t prevent them from doing the kinds of business that we do today on the retail side, where we have inventory positions we sell out of. I think that is beneficial to our clients, because we divide them into smaller retail like lots. We do it for a low-cost to the investor. I actually think that having some of these rules that prevent that kind of activity are unnecessary. I think there are numerous other areas where the technicalities of the differences are going to interfere with the business. I mean, just think for a minute, what do you do for new underwritings if you are forcing somebody into a definition, where they are a fiduciary. They are getting paid a commission by definition of how the business has done. You really need to click through all these on a line item basis, and I know Chet went with the SIFMA group to Washington, and spent a lot of time talking to SEC commissioners about all these issues. And I’m sure they raised far more issues than they resolved in that meeting, but the fact is these people are being sensitized to the level of issues here. And I think will come to a reasonable compromise on these issues. I really do, and I think the SEC once they get their arms around this will do the right things for having the system work as well it needs to work going forward. So, I don’t think it is going to kill the industry to go through this, but we may have some fits and starts where we try things that aren't quite right, and have to take a step back or go in a different direction. But nothing immediate is what I would tell you. These guys are going to take some time to resolve these issues quite appropriately.
Devin Ryan: Okay. That is good. I just want to make sure it was open conversation, which it sounds like it is.
Tom James: They are inviting comments and meetings.
Devin Ryan: Okay, good. And then just lastly, for Steve, and then I'll hop back in the queue, just on the bank side, with some of the credit trends improving, it looked like on the residential side especially, would it be reasonable to assume that we could assume some reserve releases in the near future, or are we just getting ahead of ourselves on that one?
Steven Raney: I don’t know necessarily about any substantial reduction in reserves Devin. We are seeing some improvement in credit terms. We are starting to see some moderation, although problem assets are still at escalated levels. You know, this is the first reduction in the residential past-dues since the December 2007 quarter. We have also seen four consecutive quarters of declining charge-offs on our residential portfolio. But our corporate portfolio, as you know, has actually performed very well. But we are still subject to having – it is pretty lumpy. One or two loans going back could change that, but we’re starting to see some moderation and some improvement in credit trends.
Tom James: Remember Devin, we’re going to have the same conservative attitude about reserve levels that we have everywhere else in the firm. And I would have argued that actually a combination of the accountants and regulatory positions et cetera actually had reserves at too a level for the banking industry, and still does for the securities industry. And it is unfortunate because it doesn’t adequately tie revenues to future potential losses. So, we are going to always err on the side of conservatism.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hugh Miller with Sidoti.
Hugh Miller: Hi, good morning.
Tom James: Good morning Hugh.
Hugh Miller: Just, I guess, wanted to touch a little bit further on the commissions. I guess you have talked a little bit about maybe an improvement in some of the production from the new advisors and client attitudes maybe adjusting a little bit. From some of the industry trends that we have kind of seen, even with the movement up in September, we still saw substantial outflows of assets coming from equity funds. I guess, I was wondering maybe could you talk a little bit about whether or not you saw some advisors maybe trying to generate business during September, ahead of the fiscal year-end, maybe to achieve production, was that at all maybe a benefit you were seeing.
Tom James: September wasn’t a really great month compared to other months, other than for the fee increases if you look at the comparisons to the immediately prior quarter. What I would tell you, there is a lot more underwriting activity that does drive some increased commission generation, not only on the primary issuance, but also in the aftermarket. So that helped commission volume, both retail and institutional, but this is not – we’re not seeing some tremendous surge on the part of either the FA or the client in terms of generating more equity business. I wish I could say that that was the case, but let me tell you, investors are now – they are also very conservative. They are being careful, maybe too careful. I would tell you, as I did to one of our BIO visits, by invitation only, when we bring large clients in, and just last week, I told the individual as he was talking about, this is a 47-year-old who sold this second business, and has multimillions of dollars as a result of this. And he was trying to be 50% fixed income and 50% equity, and I pointed out the risk of fixed income in this market, and the fact that he really shouldn’t be based that way, but actually the intermediate term outlook, and the only caveat I put on this is that I am very fearful of not getting our financial house in order on the US basis. I am actually sure the States will do a better job of this. But I am very concerned that our Congress and our President are not addressing, giving the confidence to our people by showing they are stopping profligate spending. So you know that is a countersense to improving the employment and things like that, but I’m telling you right now if you don’t show the kind of effort and control here, we are looking at some big numbers out there, both on balance sheet and off balance sheet, and boy, we better show some progress. I mean, I think the US public is just fed up with politicians who are dealing with that, and we are going to see that in the voting results against both incumbent parties. So this is a strange environment we’re in, but not surprising given the first election after the new president is in place. It is just – it is really discouraging to those of us who are more fiscally conservative whatever our social views are, which generally are far more liberal than people think. The fact is that we need to deal with these issues.
Hugh Miller: Okay. I guess maybe as a quick follow-up there, I was under the assumption that a good portion of the fee-based commissions, especially within the retail channel, were generated off of the June 30 balances for the quarter, which obviously maybe were a little bit of a headwind there. Am I overlooking something? Or one would have thought that a good portion of the commission strength from the retail channel would have been driven off of increased transactional-based opportunities?
Jeff Julien: It is about a 60-20-20 for managed business. About 60% of those assets are upfront, 20% are on average over the quarter and 20%, particularly the institutional accounts, are in arrears.
Hugh Miller: Retroactive, yes. 60% would have been based off of the June 30 balances?
Jeff Julien: Correct.
Hugh Miller: Okay.
Tom James: But there are also new accounts being opened throughout the quarter as people commit new dollars to the market. And those are pro rata (multiple speakers). So, we got an 8% increase in the assets under management during the quarter. I mean it isn’t really – this is not a dramatic change. It is just some increases. The billings for this quarter going forward are clearly higher. I mean they are going to be better. As I said net sales are still layered, albeit for the whole industry, I would tell you there is too much asset rotation amongst managers. And you see that in the holding time. It is ridiculous, and we’re trying to get our salesmen less sensitive to trying to outguess sectors and outguess markets or geography moves.
Steven Raney: I would just add in September the two biggest drivers that made it an abnormally high month, and abnormal relative to the other two months in the quarter, where the level of capital markets activity that Tom mentioned, and just the general upward trend in the market, which was strong obviously in September, which caused a lot more new dollars to come in as you can see by our client assets.
Hugh Miller: Okay, great. I appreciate the color there, and maybe a question with regards to the Bank, just talking a little bit more about – with some of the change you've seen, obviously, you are seeing new originations and runoffs kind of offsetting that. Can you talk about the LTV metrics now that you are seeing on the portfolio relative to prior quarters? Is that starting to come down, given the new originations and whether or not you are being a bit more conservative on those LTVs for originations?
Chet Helck: Yes, Hugh, just to make the distinction, a lot of our corporate loans are not tied specific to real estate. And so that LTV dynamic is a little bit different on that sector of the portfolio. I would say that over the last couple of years, actually, we've made some changes to our underwriting criteria, and our LTVs inherently have come down a little bit. There are some certain product types that we've shied away from in our residential portfolio clearly. But we have always underwritten to a very conservative standard, and even despite that, we still have loans that are over 100% loan-to-value in the residential portfolio, given the significant price depreciation throughout the country. But I would say that the loans that we have either purchased or originated in the last couple of years have been at very conservative LTVs. And those loans have performed exceedingly well. It's the legacy loans that were originated back in the '05, '06 timeframe, '07 timeframe, are the loans that have been the most challenging.
Steven Raney: I think the LTVs are still in the same, the 60s type of range, but it's on a very depressed (inaudible) where they were being underwritten several years ago.
Hugh Miller: Okay, and you mentioned there about – Tom mentioned about his expectation that we could potentially see some lower provisioning in future periods. And that – you mentioned, obviously, that you wouldn't expect to see as much reserve releases. But obviously, one would then assume that you would anticipate that we are getting to a period where charge-offs should continue to trend lower. Or is it just that you expect that the reserve ratio may kind of moderate a bit, as you see some expansion in the portfolio, you may not need the kind of reserve at that still to change level?
Tom James: Yes, Hugh, the going-on business is reserved at a lower level than what our current portfolio reserve level is. But there may be some very small release this year, if it all goes according to plan. And to the extent that we have charge-offs, our reserves – we would think our reserves and our charge-offs would approximate one another over the next few quarters, and thereby not having any release of reserves.
Hugh Miller: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom James: Once again, our going-on business, we actually would like to be able to be in a position to actually add some more to reserves through growing the loan portfolio. But it is going on at a lower rate than what our current reserve levels are. As a reminder, our average going-on reserves in the corporate portfolio is roughly in the 150 basis points to 160 basis points on our residential loans; new loans go on at a little over 80 basis points of reserves.
Hugh Miller: Okay, great. I appreciate the color there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris: Hi, good morning guys. How are you doing?
Tom James: Good Dan.
Steven Raney: Good morning.
Daniel Harris: I wanted to come back to the question – point you were making, Tom, about the difficult recruiting environment for the advisors. As we look at the numbers you guys have, it seems like the US has really been where the problem is, and you guys had ramped there so nicely in ’08 and ’09. But as you think about the recruiting environment, what are you thinking for the next 12 months in terms of activity levels there? Or are you comfortable just sort of to grow slowly from here, although it seems like it has been more stable to slightly lower recently?
Tom James: We are comfortable growing at the way we have been growing, but I can tell you we are used to higher rates of new FA acquisition. So, we have pretty big business development efforts, and so all those people would certainly like to see the numbers higher. And I think they are going to begin to edge up now. Our home office visit statistics are increasing. The fact is that the people that are interested in moving are trending to take longer to convert again, because they are being cautious and their business is better, their economics are better, and most of them have some sort of retention they didn’t have two years ago. And that really does affect the numbers, but I have always been amazed at the ability of these major firms to shoot themselves in the foot, the knee, and sometimes higher up. So they find a way to encourage their own people to leave. So I think that is going to happen again, so I’m not in as big a hurry to do anything about that, but that doesn’t mean we’re not aggressively recruiting and that all of us in senior management aren’t meeting with high producing FAs every week. I mean, we’re still talking to a lot of people. There is a lot of interest out there. It is just that people are more impacted by these times. And sometimes they will even commit for 8 months out. I mean, this is – it is a very strange kind of an environment here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Good morning guys.
Tom James: Hi Joel.
Joel Jeffrey: Can you give us a little bit more color into what was really driving the net trading profits? Was it just a better fixed income environment or was there anything else in there?
Tom James: In recent times, equity capital market losses have been reduced. But by and large here this was a much better quarter for fixed income. And you know, we have pretty active small position business with outside broker dealers that generates a lot of commission income with the high levels of interest in fixed income generally speaking. So I would tell you, I anticipate that the kind of slowdown continued to slow down a little bit, but fixed income is so much stronger as a portion of the firm today than it was when the downturn started. We have far more institutional sales people. We have a lot more analytics and support for institutional sales. We have a lot more public finance people, originating activity. I actually am quite bullish about the place that fixed income now has in the overall firm position, and we still have opportunity on the international side in this area, which we haven’t developed at all. So this is, I think, a good time for them. The equity side, I find it harder and harder to find ways to justify a lot of facilitation losses, because you see less and less commissions being dedicated to research. We actually gained some market share last year, where our commissions in absolute numbers were not that good. So they ought to be 30% higher is what I would tell you and what our heads of equity capital markets and sales would tell you. So, it is a little bit of an enigma for us because when you talk about small and medium cap companies, you got to really rely on a lot of outside research. And there are a few of us and many fewer doing this with the same depth and breadth of coverage today that has existed before. So as new issue activity picks up both from the private equity side and from just small entrepreneurially oriented companies, and it spreads into technology and consumer, and some of the other areas. But I think we will see more institutional commissions.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then in terms of the investment banking side of the business, can you just give us a breakdown between how much came out of M&A, how much came out of ECM and then how much came out of DCM?
Tom James: I will let Jeff or Jennifer do that. M&A has been terrific for us. I mean, we sort of met our objectives of generating a higher percentage of revenues from M&A. Jeff, you got a statistic.
Jeff Julien: At least for a quarter, we are about $20 million, this past quarter. About $20 million Joel.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then I guess just lastly, Tom, you had talked a bit about growth opportunities. Is there anything you are specifically looking at and you are going to focus more internally? Or do you think it is – there is a possibility of an acquisition maybe outside of the asset management business that you've talked about in the past?
Tom James: Well, there is nothing far enough along to announce as acquisition, potential, and what we look at are mainly tuck in acquisitions now that add value. And on the asset management side, we are still looking for lifts outs and small acquisitions in several specific product areas. And I would say the same in ECM and fixed income, we would look at opportunities out there if they show up for us to consider. We have as many internal opportunities I would tell you. We don’t rely on external acquisitions to affect growth here. We expect our people to be able to grow their businesses on average above 15% rates, and more careful, we don’t like overpay.
Joel Jeffrey: So is there one business within Raymond James that you guys think has potential for more outsized growth than others?
Tom James: I have always thought asset management was the easiest one to do. It is just hard to identify really superior sort of cast-iron track records that you can rely on, and you don’t want to buy anything that has a lot of immediate market risk attached to it. So it has been slower than I would have thought. My son works in that area, and now my son [ph], he is busy looking at all kinds of potential opportunities, but trying to screen through the whole process, and have somebody come out of the other end of the pipeline is a lot harder than it sounds like it would be.
Joel Jeffrey: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tom James: Okay Joel.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin with Ticonderoga.
Douglas Sipkin: Good morning. Can you hear me, guys?
Tom James: Yes Doug.
Douglas Sipkin: How are you doing, Tom? Nice to hear your voice again, we missed you for a quarter.
Tom James: You do not want [ph] hearing this.
Douglas Sipkin: Just a couple of questions. Maybe get a little bit more specific on the commissions and fees, and obviously, I don't want to hold you guys to this, but maybe you could ballpark it for us. So you did $497 million in commissions and fees, can you give us – what percentage of that is fees versus commissions, and then what percentage of that fee number is priced on beginning assets?
Tom James: You know, what you want to do I would tell you is you need to separate out the institutional commissions from the retail commissions. I think the – I don’t have the numbers right in front of me, but it seems to me it was in the 440 range in the PCG sector. And there are roughly 51% or 52% fee-based and 49% commission-based or 48%.
Jeff Julien: I don’t understand what is in recurring fees. I mean it is not just asset management accounts, they are trails, they are shares, recurring payments from bonds, they are other things that go into the recurring stream.
Tom James: Net interest.
Jeff Julien: And in terms of the total revenues, it is a different line item, but in terms of total revenues, the interest went up in some of these other fees as well. So, it is driven by how much of our business is some of the packaged products that pay recurring fees as well.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. So I know you gave a little bit of it, Jeff. You said about 60%, 20%, 20% – I guess is that – I man, a fair sort of way to think about it? Obviously, there is a lot of things in there.
Jeff Julien: That is for the managed, discretionarily managed $30 billion number that you see down there. And then we have another $30 billion of non-discretionary reps that are billed in advance.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay.
Jeff Julien: And average of those two it is about 80%, but that is a lower number.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. All right, that's something to play with, I guess. Second question, I noticed the margin balances, I guess in retail, jumped a lot – well, at least the highest I've seen in a while. I'm assuming some of that happened in September. And I'm just curious, you guys seem pretty lukewarm on interest in the retail business, obviously, because of rates. But I would imagine that helps a little bit.
Tom James: That helps a lot. I mean the fact is that margin spread on margin accounts is very good. And we report that number in a quarter, I think last quarter or something like that. So as the balances continue to escalate as they have both domestically and in Canada, and hopefully in the UK, we will begin to see bigger spreads in our business. I mean it has hurt our UK business, and our Canadian just as much as it has hurt our US business not to have that revenue source at levels we are used to. And you have to remember, there has been a general trend down in margins versus assets. Our firm, we used to be many years ago over $2 billion in total margins if you looked at all these pieces that we have in there now. And so it basically came down all the way to almost $1 billion, and then it has been easing its way back up. And as markets continue to improve, I expect it will get better, but it is never going to be at the same levels in terms of measurements to client assets as it was in the past. I can just tell you it takes a long time for people to want to take leverage risk when they go through a down-market, and that is quite appropriate given the average age of our client. So, we always have mixed emotions. You know, you will hear certain members of our board argue hard for more and more net interest earnings, which we love them. They are great things, but on the other hand, we are more concerned about the risk management profiles of our client base, and trying to be very careful that the wrong people don’t have merchant accounts. And you find it – actually these margin accounts are a very small percentage of our overall client base. So we haven’t been as good as we should be at selling people to use margin accounts as immediate cash needs as supposed to other forms of lending. And maybe we will get better at that. Merrill has always been the great leader in that kind of activity over the years. And given our conservative financial planning background, we really are more careful I would say than most of the firms.
Douglas Sipkin: Great. Drilling into some of the ratios at the Bank, total capital, 14.2%, I believe you said, maybe last year or a bunch of quarters ago, you would like to see that at maybe 13%, 13.5%. What is the plan? Are you guys just going to operate with that big cushion, or is there a plan next year to maybe give some back to the parent from the Bank or investment opportunities or any light on that?
Jeff Julien: Doug, we have more cushion than we need. That 13% to 13.5% is quite a bit of cushion in and of itself. We would like to grow in and use some of that cushion. And then also consideration has been given to sending some money back to the parent company as well during fiscal 2011.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. And then just finally, nice jump in ROE, ROA, the best in a bunch of years, or quarters, whatever, what is the road map? What business is going to get you back to the mid-double digits? I mean, it seems like it is going to be Retail and Capital Markets, but maybe a little bit more from you guys how you can get back to the mid-teens, which I believe is sort of where you guys are targeting.
Tom James: Well, we certainly like to have the $80 million to $120 million of additional interest profits that we are currently missing that we had before. It dramatically comes from the retail side of the business, and that would get us back to our historical contribution margins in the PCG Group. So, I think that is the biggest number. There is this general expansion of productivity, which is the next biggest number, because if we get back above our highs in the past before all this started, there is a considerable amount of growth there. And we see that we are growing assets per financial advisor, and this other stuff is trailing largely for some of the reasons we mentioned about people’s concern about having too much equity exposure, and not having the nerve to step up to the point, and add – it is hard enough trying to convince them to maintain their equity commitments. And if you remember back in ’73, ’74 crisis you really didn’t generate the kind of enthusiasm about equities until ’82, after ’82. And we had lows in the market that weren’t dissimilar in ’66 and ’82. So, this can take a long time. It doesn’t mean that you don’t have growth. It doesn’t mean you don’t have profits. If you look at our records back then they were in the 20% plus internal growth rate during that period. So, we can do that. We still have great opportunity for expansion in all of our sectors over the future here. So, I’m actually encouraged. I think the bank, one of the things you don’t talk about a lot is the interface now with our investment bank and commercial bank working together, trying to find solutions to financial needs of our clients, corporate clients. I think there is lot of progress. Steve gets a lot of credit for working well with our investment banking teams. He even has lenders now in the areas which are major sectors, practice and the segments for him. You see the same thing on the retail side where we’re trying to provide product to our financial advisors to use with our client base that make them competitive with major banks in whatever markets they are competing in. I think those things have great growth potential in the future, and so you know, as I said when I was retiring from the CEO role, the thing that excites me and I know excites Paul, is the opportunities going forward from the base we have already that we strengthened during this downturn that we have for internal growth. So I’m excited about that, and we all look forward to taking advantage of that and we just hope the wheel doesn’t come off and the US economic from a failure to deal with our intractable off-balance sheet and balance sheet issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Stelmach with FBR Capital Markets.
Steve Stelmach: Hi, good morning.
Tom James: Out of the queue.
Steve Stelmach: I don’t know.
Tom James: Steve you are on.
Jeff Julien: You are on.
Steve Stelmach: Hi, just real quick, on the provision expense, Steve. I know you talked about it a little bit. But you were talking about provisions going lower – just to clarify – both on a percent of asset basis and dollar amounts, correct?
Steven Raney: Yes, I would think, and maybe on a percentage of assets during the course of the year it would just maybe come down slightly.
Steve Stelmach: Yes. Okay. And then Capital Markets' margin, pretax margin, it looks like it jumped pretty nicely quarter-over-quarter on what was the same revenue number. What was driving that? Was it just simply more lead-managed deals or was something else going on there?
Steven Raney: Trading.
Steve Stelmach: Yes.
Jeff Julien: Trading, investment banking fees and other financial service fees.
Steven Raney: They basically replaced commission income.
Steve Stelmach: Got you. Okay, and then lastly, on the – I think I remember you guys talking about increasing marketing. Is that – and then maybe not coincidentally, I saw an advertisement for you guys today in the Journal. Is that a function of you trying to offset what has been a tough recruiting environment on the FA front, or is that just purely directed at the …?
Tom James: I will tell you it is the marketing cycle. we have gone through a couple of years, or three years were we haven’t really changed our team approach to advertising, and we did that because times were tough, we did that because we were watching margins during the downturn, and it was an appropriate time for us to issue new both written and TV ads. So, you will see launches of TV ads now currently. I think we had some in the baseball games this week. It has nothing to do with earnings release. To be frank, we started this independent of recruiting kinds of considerations that is more driven to our private client individuals, if you look at it. And trying to actually – to me, this is one of the most frustrating things. I know it is for Jeff too. The time to differentiate yourself from other firms, and trying to be creative to get attention, those kinds of things, there are extremely difficult to be very effective at and the measurement issue of what the impact is very hard. I can tell you what the stadium naming did, but I have a lot of trouble now trying to determine whether the new ads have more impact, less impact. It is just one of those things you keep dripping on people all the time in different ways, and we try to do that effectively, and I know Jeff has been through this a lot more than I have over the years. Jeff you might have a comment or two on this area.
Jeff Julien: What I would tell you is that our approach has been remarkably consistent. We did dial it back for cost savings the reasons in the last couple of years, held off on developing any new materials because of the cost, and therefore slowed our schedule. But you see, if you put our spend on advertising in a longer term perspective, we are remarkably consistent with a relatively low percentage of revenue, especially compared to our competitors, and you see our schedule in somewhat of a lumpy fashion. We do that for concentration. When you don’t have a budget that let you be on the six o’clock news every day, you tend to try to group them into periods when people will notice you, and then go silent for a while and then come back later. And so that is our strategy. We have been doing that for years, and has actually worked. Our measure of awareness scores have gone from the low 20s just a few years ago to about 50% within our target audience. So we have really been successful in making people aware of who we are and what we do and build some brand strength in the process.
Steve Stelmach: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Chet Helck: Yes, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lipper with Lipper Advisors.
Michael Lipper: Good morning, Tom.
Tom James: Good morning Michael.
Michael Lipper: I'm delighted that you are in good health, and sorry that Paul is having some throat problems. I would like to focus a little bit on the securities loan business, the variability on the revenues. And what are the elements in the expenses for that business? Because it looks like the margins should be higher.
Tom James: I will answer the first part of the question, which is the nature of the business has changed considerably. We used to do a lot of non-box lending, matching, what you call your matched book, which really doesn’t exist much in the industry any more. You know, they eliminated the finders involved in the business probably for good reasons. So we don’t do much of that. It is mainly out of the box. The box here is good because we have a lot of smaller companies that tend to be less available to borrow some of these stocks. You can still learn some margin on that. The general margin rates number two shrink kind of in relationship to absolute interest rates, so that we don’t earn the same margin in this type of period that we would earn in a higher interest rate environment. Third, you have a high fixed component. You haven’t fired a lot of people, when in fact your net interest-earnings have declined during this period, so your margins have shrunk. It is not really a whole lot different other than that. And you have more support cost for outsourced information systems and IT support for that business now. So, what I would tell you is we need to have that business internally anyway for supporting clients, and short positions and things of that nature. But it will never be as impactful a business as it was when we had a big matched book. So it will get better again. Those margins will increase as interest rates go up, but I don’t view this as a major segment that deserves a lot of attention. I think we have good people, but the business has changed. Jeff you want to elaborate on any of that?
Jeff Julien: Not really. I mean it is just the low revenue and the results really are a function of rates. I mean, we just can’t earn as much on the cash that we generate from lending out securities. Also I would guess the only other comment I would make is we don’t believe we are guilty of any of the things in the recent New York Times article about the business with respect to clients sharing of gains and losses. So I don’t think we don’t run our business that way. We don’t have a lot of big fiduciary type clients either that we’re not letting the box out for some major trust companies or anything else. It is just our own client base.
Michael Lipper: Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow up question from Hugh Miller with Sidoti.
Hugh Miller: Hi, just one quick follow-up question, maybe for Chet. Was wondering maybe, just given kind of the barest sentiment industry wide for equity flows, just your sense as to maybe are you seeing maybe a less risk-averse sentiment from some of your clients that are working with a financial advisor, as opposed to maybe the person who is doing it themselves and still kind of pulling money out of equities, and putting it into fixed income? Is there anything that you are seeing there or would that probably not be the case?
Chet Helck: Well, I think most good financial advisors are taking a very prudent balanced approach with putting more emphasis on our asset allocation than maybe even they traditionally did. So that would tend to try to steer more clients, as Tom mentioned, towards the equities at this juncture. That said – it is part of our throat – we are continuing to be concerned about the flows into fixed income and the risk in the fixed income markets at these low interest rates that clients are exposed to. And that is happening with individual bonds, it is happening in managed accounts, and it is happening in mutual funds where the flows are just proportionately going into the fixed income types of products. I guess the good news is that most of that is going into very duration kinds of portfolios, which signal the fact that clients are seeing it as a positioning tank where they can wait until they are comfortable putting more and more of it into equity markets, which is very bullish for all of us. So, it is something you have to manage carefully with clients so that they are not overexposed to long durations when rates start to rise. And we talk about that lot with our financial advisors, and they spend a lot of time with their clients. So I think clients who are taking advice from financial advisors are actually in better shape than the self-directed people by and large based on the statistics, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have the same issues to be worried about.
Tom James: Yes, in the fixed-income area, I would say that if you look in our compliance or standards meetings, we spend a lot of time now talking about issues of disclosure, issues of maintenance, of positions. Think for a moment about the potential risk of municipal failures in the United States like Harrisburg, where in California, some places in Florida, various locations all over the US, where we are trying to go to clients to get them to change positions. I still remember when we had this exercise 12 or so years ago with GM and Chrysler and some of the automotive companies, and we went and recommended to clients that they get out of these securities, the debt securities. And we couldn’t move the client. I mean it is hard to get clients to want to move out of investing in their local municipalities, or moving away from a security that has provided good steady source of yield over a long period of time when in fact, internal condition of that particular body has declined considerably. So, we’re doing everything we can in our fixed-income department, in our compliance departments, in our sales and marketing departments to try to sensitize both our FAs and clients to these issues. So we are writing a lot of articles on this subject matter. I think this is a major problem going forward here, and we need to protect our clients. That is the most important thing we do.
Hugh Miller: Okay. I appreciate the color there. And the last question I have is with regards to a follow-up on the increase in margin balances outstanding, I think in prior conversations, we've talked about how the majority of those are more loan types of borrowings, as opposed to actually investing in securities and so forth. Is that still the case, and if so, what is kind of causing people now to want to borrow more?
Tom James: Those that were doing it especially after those that took a risk near the bottom of the market, and profited a lot, who are more investment leverage oriented, are continuing to do that, probably dragging in a few other people. I would still say the vast majority of our margin accounts are really intelligence sources of borrowing at lower rates for other purposes. But who knows, I mean this is an imperfect science. You have to look at a balance sheet, and you don’t take a look at activity. So, I wish I had a better answer to that than I do, but I just know how conservative our reps are in this area, and when you get margin accounts that are 0.5% of assets, I mean, you are talking about a very small amount of leverage in your overall portfolio construction.
Hugh Miller: Okay, thank you.
Operator: You do have a follow up question from Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: One quick question, actually for Steve. Of that $380 million of loans you guys purchased on the commercial side, are those any different from what you were buying in the past? Are you getting similar discounts? Are they the same quality? I guess any color you could add would be great.
Steven Raney: They are very similar. They were 100% C&I, commercial and industrial. Well I say that there were some REIT loans in there too. But they are of the same quality. There was a very, very small amount of that that was secondary market. Almost all of that was originated business, where we’re joining on with – had inception with the other banks in the syndicate.
Tom James: Versus prior year Joel. I would say that they are comparable quality and higher spreads with many more covenants.
Joel Jeffrey: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Tom James: That means they are good loans.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Paul Reilly: This is Paul Reilly again. I really enjoyed speaking with you this morning. I will trade my voice for these results any quarter. Thank you for joining us, and we will talk to you again soon.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-07-22 08:15:00) =====
Paul Reilly: Good morning. Pleased to be here to present our third quarter 2010 results, which compared favorably to last year and third quarter and the sequential quarter. You are hearing a different voice than you have. You know Tom has been for four years presenting to our lead spokesman, presenting to our investors. So, although you have a new voice, you are not going to, if you are looking for a lot of change, you are going to be a little disappointed. Raymond James will still continue its conservative management as long-term orientation in the cantor which are used to on these calls. The transition I think has gone exceedingly well. We have been able to reduce Tom’s working load from 80 hours to 70 hours as he continues to be extremely involved and help us all continue the direction for Raymond James. Our call is going to take a little different format today. We are going to give it a try and see how it works. I am going to give you kind of a general overview and then do an overview by segment and Jeff Julien, our CFO will then join in and talk about that segment, and then we will move on to the next segment. We are going to see how that works. We also have a lot of support in the room here. I have Chet Helck, our COO and Head of our PCG segment. Tom and Jeff as I have indicated, Paul Matecki, our Chief General Counsel; Steven Raney, Head of our Bank; and Jennifer Ackert. So, we should be able to answer anything you have. From an overview standpoint, I know a lot of people have been looking and talking about financial reform and the impact that’s going to have in our industry, but particularly our business. I think the way Raymond James has conducted its business over these 40 years puts us in great shape and have little impact, I think from the regulation. We are not a proprietary trading shop, we are an agency and we should not have much impact from a language in that bill. We really don’t write a lot of derivatives, we do some interest rates, swaps for people in the bank at a very limited proprietary tap or fund activities, there may be some impact but it’s not material really to our overall business. Company continues to be well capitalized, the banks hitting over 13% in our broker dealer subs, notables at a regulatory capital. And under fiduciary standards, this company was founded on clients first. And so, we believe we act and always thought we acted in that capacity. Now, the caveat is that most of the bill as you know is subject to regulated writing, the interpretations or the studies which haven’t been done and the doubles will be in the detail. But we are certainly well positioned and I think we will be able to just generally operate our business the way and continue our long-term performance. For the quarter, net income was $60.7 million or $0.48 per diluted share, up 42% from last year’s third quarter, albeit last year was a pretty turbulent market, but 9% under the immediate proceeding quarter, and last quarter was really a tale of do have. The first half of the quarter, we had pretty strong markets, and benefited both in PCG from a rising market and a strong capital market. And then in the second half in May, you can remember as the European credit crisis kind of hit, the markets went down and capital markets got much tougher. The real story of the quarter is really driven by the recruiting success in the past, 2008 and 2009 as PCG really owe a lot of increases from those results. So, let me start and say into our first segment which is the Private Client Group. Private Client Group is about 64% of our revenues or approximately 45% of our pretax income for the quarter. So, obviously our results were heavily impacted by what individual investors were doing. 33% of the increase over last year and 4% over the previous quarter driven by commission volume, and revenues reacted generally the same way. Those numbers were driven by our success in recruiting in a good market environment in the first half. Recruiting has slowed this year. Last year was kind of a record recruiting year, given the problems in the marketplaces and the disruption and we are recruiting at a slower rate, but last year, we were about, you know, probably peaked maximum recruiting and maybe as much as we could possibly have handled. The quarter also showed increased margin balances, modest improvement for spreads, and we have some enhanced fee income from our bank suite program that we implemented in September of 2009. On the expense side, expenses stayed well controlled if you look at expenses without our interest expense and compensation expense for the quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff to talk about some more detail on the Private Client Group segment.
Jeff Julien: And referring to the segment data included in the press release, compared to last year’s June, you can see the significant increase over 30% in Private Client Group revenues, largely driven by commission and fees. That comparison shouldn’t be too surprising as the June quarter was just the very beginning of the recovery from the low point in March of last year. And so, all the fee-based accounts were buildoff of virtually the low point in the market cycle. So, it was predominantly driven by commissions and fees, but an additional factor is that toward the end of last fiscal year, we launched the promontory program and that’s contributing about $9 million a quarter. Now, recapturing part of the lost interest spreads that we have endured as they took rates down to near zero. And on a 31% increase in revenues, you would certainly expect some significant operating leverage and obviously we saw that in the bottom line. Pretax profits in that segment were up 144% over the prior year. The FA count was actually up 13 versus last year and fine assets were up 18% year-over-year. So, all those factors versus a year ago looked very, very positive. Versus the immediately preceding quarter, revenues were up just 3%, and that’s actually on 13 fewer FAs at the end of the period at least. So, that actually indicative of slightly higher average production, and there was a nice pickup in profits on that modest increase in revenues as there were some expense controls that certainly functioned properly of some of the expense categories in this segment declined that resulted in a better margin. Client assets, it did decline during the quarter as you might expect with the market activity, down 4.5%, which is something we will talk about a little later on in terms of what that might mean for next quarter.
Paul Reilly: Okay. The next segment we will talk about is capital markets. For the segment for the quarter-on-quarter, we had an increase in both revenues, but a decrease in pretax income. If you really look at the equity side, the investment banking activity, we had pretty strong M&A activity down a little bit on the quarter, but over top over the year, and certainly the volume of the deals in the first half of the quarter were very, very strong. Again, we had a tail of two quarters, but it was driven mainly by larger investment banking kind of deals during the quarter. On the fixed income side, again the second half of the quarter was impacted by the life of quality credit issues in Europe, negatively impacting trading profits, which were down significantly for the quarter ending year and versus last year. So, it kind of had an offset there between the two. Jeff, you want to go into a little more detail?
Jeff Julien: Sure. Versus last year, the capital markets segment showed 11% pickup. It’s been a little bit of a shift. Last year, if you recall, fixed income was pretty much carrying the ball in the segment until this quarter, and equity capital markets has started a nice rebound. But versus last year, the increase in revenues is really driven by increased investment banking net of the decline in trading profits as we talked about it. We got in the trading profit line item, we got victimized a little bit again by the flight of quality sort of what happened in September of ’08, but to a much lesser degree, where and I think you have seen this in a lot of our peers that have already come out with results, but virtually any fixed income instrument you held other than treasuries are the best agencies, went down in value as spreads widened and treasuries went up in value and we have a – we periodically or most of the time have some short treasury position to head some of our fixed income inventories. So, when you lose both on the long and short side, it’s hard to make a lot of trading profits. So, we were impacted by that. Profitability in that segment was impacted by the fact that you lost a higher margin trading profits and you had a little more investment banking revenues, which has little bit higher incentive comp and other expenses related to those revenues. And versus last quarter, things were relatively flat. There has been a little shift between equity capital markets and fixed income. Equity capital markets is doing better to sort of compensate for the trading profit decline in this particular quarter, but a lot of the profitability has to do with how large a participation we have in deals whether they are lead managed, etcetera, and you can see that profitability was actually down slightly from the preceding quarter, but relatively flat.
Paul Reilly: Our asset management of this business, investment advisory fees were up 38% over last year, really driven by a number of factors, we see inflow of client assets from our recruiting and our growth in our private client group, obviously the market with increased asset value. Revenues remained flat with prior quarter, but the mid period decline in asset values will likely have a negative impact on this segment next quarter, mostly asset fees are built at the beginning of the quarter. We have also streamlined our external mutual fund business this quarter by outsourcing our legal money markets on, this will reduce costs but probably won’t have a big impact on next quarter as we get through that transition. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Versus the year ago, assets under management are up about 22%, we are talking about discretionary assets under management as portrayed in the press release. This improvement obviously tied to the market activity and that led to the higher revenues in the asset management segment as well as you can see the operating leverage present again in significant increase of 80% in profitability versus last year. Versus the last quarter, I think what you are seeing is kind of a continual modest improvement as Paul mentioned, a lot of these assets are billed on April 1st. The market on April 1st was higher than January 1st that led to some of the sequential improvement. I will just talk real briefly about next quarter while we are on the, because it’s in front of us at the moment. Assets under management were down 6%, discretionary assets under management were down 6% quarter-over-quarter, which intuitively would make you think that asset management fees would be down about that. Our asset management fees rough numbers are 60, 20, 20 in terms of beginning of quarter, average for the quarter, end of quarter billings. So, some of that may depend on where assets – will depend on where assets trend for the rest of the quarter. In addition to the assets that we talk about in the press release, there is another block of assets, about $32 billion that are wrapped fee assets, that are billed in advance are all Private Client Group accounts and most of the revenues flow to the Private Client Group segment, a vast majority flow to the Private Client Group segment. I mean, if you look at assets bill at the beginning of the quarter, it’s really about $60 billion of which about $48 billion or 80% are billed in advance, but those other part of assets, that $32 billion was roughly flat or down maybe less than 1% quarter-over-quarter as we continue to bring in new net assets to the programs. So, our overall billings won’t be down in the 6% that you see here, but maybe about half of that as we look forward. But again, most of the non-discretionary flow to the Private Client Group, not to the asset management segment.
Paul Reilly: In Raymond Bank, the competition and the challenge I think we continue to try to grow the loan balance sheet as there is a lot of competition for high quality loans. Tom reported a number of quarters ago that we were looking to grow our loan balances but it would take a number of quarters before we could do that. Because the good news is certainly last month, we have had net increase in loan balance and so, we are hoping now that not only can we keep the loan balance flat, but we will continue to grow them in the future. Commercial loans were up, we have grown in loan balances last month maybe two, and we have had the lowest loan loss provision expense in two years due both in improved conditions in the credit markets and fewer new loans. Now, as we always caution you that the change of quarter-by-quarter is due to the lumpiness of some of the loans, but again, we see a positive trend in the bank. Jeff?
Jeff Julien: Thanks Paul and good morning everybody. We had pretax earnings at $29 million for the quarter, and that was just slightly less than the immediate prior quarter. Net interest income was down about $5 million due to lower average loan balances and as we have talked about last quarter, we had unusually high level of loan fees and discount income in the prior March quarter that resulted from a large amount of refinancing and paydowns that we had in that prior quarter. As Paul mentioned, our provision expense was at a two-year low at $17 million, in charge-offs we had $18 million at its lowest level since December of 2008. That being said, problem loans and credit charges remain at elevated levels compared to normalized periods. We are still anticipating that given the very challenging economic environment, that will continue for some time, although we are pleased with the trends in the portfolio. Loans were down actually quarter-over-quarter by 1%, but as Paul mentioned, we have actually grown the loan portfolio the last two months. In particular, we are starting to get some traction with our large corporate clients and several growth initiatives are underway to bolster our growth plan. We actually added net 15 new corporate borrowing relationships in the June quarter. Net interest spreads were strong and stable when you take out the effects of the unamortized fees that we recognized in the prior quarter. They should stay in that range for the next couple of quarters. The coverage of allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans remained very high at nearly 100% compared to 64% for all our financial institutions based on the FDIC data. Non-performing loans increased in the quarter by $12.5 million to $154 million and that was driven primarily by two commercial real estate loans doing on non-accrual during the quarter. Our other real estate owned, OREO properties actually came down slightly in the June quarter. Commercial real estate remains under pressure and that we have not seen stabilization in values yet. The REITs that comprised about a little over a third of our portfolio remain in very good shape that continue to raise equity and delever and they are positioned for good opportunities in the future. Over the last year, we have actually reduced our commercial real estate loan outstandings by $300 million and it now stands at about $1 billion. That’s become a smaller part of the bank’s balance sheet. And in particular, as we talked about before, the loans that have been under the most pressure, the construction and development loans have been reduced to $60 million as of June 30th. Our residential past dues continue to increase and now stand at 4.6%. That percentage is impacted by continued run-off in the residential portfolio. The number of residential loans that are now past due increased by only six loans compared to 19 loans in the March quarter. So, although it’s increased, it’s been doing so at a reducing rate. Home prices are still under significant pressure and that supply demand dynamic is still at a balance. And while we would have thought, we would have seen a peak in residential past dues by now, we still maybe two or three quarters away from that peaking out. I know everybody is aware that many of our corporate borrowers meet the definition of a shared national credit, and that once again as a remainder as loans that are over $20 million that have over three financial institutions involved in it, we actually will be receiving the formal shared national credit exam report in this quarter, the September quarter. But we have already been having a lot of discussions with the agent banks as we have been going through our review process to determine the appropriate risk ratings, and I would say we probably have actually got the ratings on maybe 50% of our borrowers already. We are also in the middle of completing our own third-party loan review process and about 65% of our loan portfolio will be reviewed as part of that third-party review process. Once again, our goal is to minimize the discrepancies between where we have a loan rated and where the regulators have it rated. We are planning and have seen indications that the regulators are taking a pretty harsh look at these credits, but once again, we are planning for that and feel like we are aligning ourselves within that process. Paul, I know you mentioned earlier about our capital ratio, that continues to grow. Total risk base is now 13.8%, and our Tier 1 capital is 11.6%. On the regulatory front, it became law yesterday, the OTS and the OCC will be merged together. The thrift charter will survive, but we will become regulated by the OCC at the bank level and the Federal Reserve will be the regulator at the holding company level. We are continuing to work on our plans to convert from our thrift charter to a national bank and actually think that the merger of the agencies will expedite that plan over the next few months.
Paul Reilly: Let me make a couple of comments about net interest which is largely driven by the bank. It was down slightly quarter-to-quarter and down about $15 million from a year ago as we intentionally shrunk the bank’s loan portfolio. As I mentioned, we have replaced some of that loss spread through the promontory program, $9 million of that $15 million that we have lost. We don’t expect that – one of two things has to happen for us to resume growth in net interest income, obviously we can increase balance, which we are going to try to do at the bank, and we have done over the past year and margin balance at the broker dealer, which were up 17% year-over-year. But the other thing that would facilitate and benefit us is actually having the interest rate increases by the fed. We have talked in some conferences about these numbers and believe we would see a significant positive impact from the first 100 basis points rise in rates, but unfortunately that timing of that seems to be getting farther away not closer. Secondly, on ROEs, we did hit 11.1% for the quarter versus 8.8% last year, which brings us to right at 10% year-to-date versus 7.7% versus last year-to-date, which is still significantly below our target of 15%, which we still believe is achievable once we get to this stress test that we are living.
Jeff Julien: In summary, I just think you know the company is in solid case, and so well positioned. We continue to recruit in our PCG segment and capital markets, both in investment banking, mergers and acquisitions, and in our public finance segment, continue to add people. In asset management, we are looking to opportunities to extend our investment platforms and the bank continues to meet its goal of increasing the loan balances, but it’s a tough market. The near-term market is uncertain, we know that. We believe that we are in a gradual recovery, and it’s going to be choppy. So, we continue to manage by watching our costs and investing in the future with people and technology. So, with that, I will go ahead and open it up to questions and answers.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Sandler O'Neill
Devin Ryan: Good morning guys.
Paul Reilly: Good morning.
Devin Ryan: Paul, you talked about recruiting slowing a bit. Your voluntary attrition rates have historically been very less, I am just curious what’s the drive that small decline in FAs from last quarter and then where now it still seems likely that you are going to have net additions in that base through the remainder of the year.
Paul Reilly: The voluntary attrition rate has been really changed. I mean, regretted transitions remains very, very low, and we do have people to retire, other things losing people as well as management of other financial advisory report. So, with the recruiting down, we are down slightly, but it’s really around for the quarter. Chet, I don’t know if you want to add any other color to this?
Chet Helck: The color I would add is that while conditions are certainly improving in the marketplace, it’s been a very tough period of time to be in our business, and at Raymond James, a large portion of our business is done by independent contractors where they bear the brunt of the fixed overhead at the branch, and there are always people operating at a level where any decline in revenue is greatly impactful. So, at the lower end of our producing group, there is a great deal of pressure, and I would tell you we have had impact from that as people just aren’t able to continue operations. So, we see some headcount reduction that may be over our normal levels, not the highly productive people, but on the margins. So, I think that’s another factor in addition to what you mentioned.
Paul Reilly: And Devin, our productivity continues to increase, it’s not up to past high level. So, we still have room for improvement, but obviously the market has an impact on that. So, overall we feel pretty good about where we are headed.
Devin Ryan: That’s helpful. And then just I guess along the same lines, just want to see if we can get the latest update on the pulse of the retail investor in these volatile times?
Paul Reilly: Well, I guess the bulk of the investors like everybody else, we are just uncertain, and people have been for flight to quality, the CDs, the treasuries, the fixed income investment stayed about the same. People went a little bit more into equities and came a little bit more out if you look at our percentages. But I think it’s been pretty steady detail over the last year, and I think people are just being cautious, they are in the market and lot of cash in the sidelines.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Great. And then, Steve, can you give us any more detail on the two commercial real estate loans and moving non-accrual during the period. I know even though the solid credit quarter, I was just a little bit surprised to see it on the provision. So, any details on how you guys think about, that would be appreciated.
Steven Raney: Well, I was highlighting those two in particular. We had a lot of movement, lot of reductions actually out of non-accruals well, but on a net basis, the increase was driven by those two properties. One of them is a retail project and one of them is one of the development loans that I mentioned that we have now reduced in a great way, the balance now stands at $60 million in our total land and development portfolio. So, as I had mentioned, Devin, there is lot of pressure on these projects finance real estate transactions, and we continue to monitor them very closely and also feel like we have got, and taking very aggressive actions in terms of our provisions, doing quarterly updates, valuations of the underlying collateral, very frequently in trying to be very proactive with how we are managing the risk of that portfolio.
Devin Ryan: And in terms of how you think about the provision.
Steven Raney: You are talking about the allowance compared to –?
Devin Ryan: Exactly.
Steven Raney: The allowance compared to the non-performers?
Devin Ryan: Right. Exactly, yes.
Steven Raney: It stands at, and I know it came down slightly, but it still is almost at 100%. As a reminder, the loans that we have in our non-performing category, we would have already taken charge downs, write-downs of those loans to levels that we believe to be less than the actual current appraised value and current market value of the properties, both as it relates to our residential loans and our commercial loans. So, the fact that we have got reserves at close to 100% of our non-performing when we know we have got collaterals that supports the balance that we have written a loan down to, we feel like this is we are doing it in a very conservative fashion.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Got you. And then last one, administrative thing, and I will hop off. On the expense side, you guys did a good job in the quarter, but other expense, maybe just a bit high, so I just wonder if there is anything in there of note in the other expenses? I can circle up on it. Maybe it was a little bit higher than I was looking for.
Paul Reilly: It’s right. I am showing $29 million versus the last five quarters, $29 million, $36 million, $28 million, $31 million. That’s all of anything we plan to look at particularly.
Devin Ryan: Okay. I will also call up on it. Thanks.
Paul Reilly: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris: Hi, good morning guys, how are you?
Paul Reilly: Hi Daniel.
Daniel Harris: You talked a little bit about the flight to safety in the client accounts. If that persists over the next 12 months, how should we expect that’s going to impact commissions for a client activity if people are focusing more on CDs and bonds versus equities and mutual funds?
Paul Reilly: It obviously depends on how actively in the market. If you look at commission activity overall, April is a good month, May and June are weak, but July appears to be more towards the April side. So, it’s going to depend on activity in the market, the percentage move out that I looked at yesterday didn’t show a big move out of equities, with slight move out of equities. So, it’s all going to depend on what investors do. Good portion of our assets are fee-based. So, we are going to have a mix in the market. It’s hard to tell what’s going to happen in the quarter unless you tell me what the market is going to do.
Daniel Harris: Yes. No, I guess my question was if things continue to persist at the direction you are talking about with the flight safety, what changes on the way we should be thinking about was the revenue capture per account or activity rate per account that drives some of the revenue numbers and commission?
Paul Reilly: Yes, we think it’s a nominal change. And we think we are in – again, people are pretty liquid right now.
Daniel Harris: Sure. Following up on question with Devin, so in the FA space, is there any differentiation in the way you are seeing recruits coming in, whether it’s the fixed contractors less so than the employees, how should we think about that going forward?
Chet Helck: I would tell you that somewhat tilted back towards the independent contractor in the last 12 months. After having been through a cycle where the employee model clearly attracted the other models in the prior 18 months or so. So, we see the trend rotating somewhat given activities going on in other firms, and general market conditions which all gives us comfort knowing that our strategy of having multiple channels is really good for the firm and good for the FAs, because where one seems to go through a soft cycle, the other one gains momentum. So, just to summarize, right now, the independent contractor model, while still well below the last year’s level has a bit more momentum than the employee model, and that’s true not only in the US, but probably in Canada as well and in the UK. So, whatever these levers are that drive these cycles, seem to be underpinning all the market.
Daniel Harris: Okay, Chet, thanks. Can you remind me, do you guys have a target that you think about for percent adds or headcount adds in your advisory business?
Chet Helck: We do. We think about it on a lot of different levels with different business units. So, we do that more by dollars than we do by people. So, we look for 10% kind of numbers on net basis over a cycle.
Paul Reilly: Hi Daniel, any quarter a year, it’s hard, because the market conditions change, but we again are opportunistic where we can be, and when the market gets crazy, we are not in the business for buying people. So, we kind of look at a long-term average there.
Daniel Harris: Okay, and that’s 10% net new or is that 10% gross new?
Chet Helck: I would tell you that’s 10% net, but it’s over cycle. So, I wouldn’t tell you that we expect to do that this year. And that’s also condition by what’s going on, but what I am trying to tell you is that we don’t think about it in terms saying we are going to go out and hire ex number of new people this year whatever the cost may be, which is the way a lot of firms seem to run their business. We – growth rate trying to maintain a good growth rate balancing the net addition of financial advisors with our, also focus on increasing productivity of existing financial advisories, And we are looking for 15% to 20% kind of range among market conditions for both those put together and keep it balanced overtime. I know that’s a lot to throw at you one time, but that’s the way we think about it.
Daniel Harris: No, that’s helpful. And then maybe just lastly, Jeff, the compensation and benefit fund as a percentage of net revenues takes that closer to 69% this quarter, obviously it’s always going to be quarter-to-quarter, but how do you guys think about down in the full-year basis especially giving your mix with so many advisors getting the fixed payouts on a percentage basis.
Jeff Julien: I think with the mix of businesses we have got, and the revenue mix we have got, it’s high 60s is right. The main factor that is going to drive that down aside from more revenues coming from contractors or investment banking are high compensation areas, but the main factor that’s going to drive that back towards the mid-60s is when that interest picks up and when we had a higher contribution from net interest earnings then we saw that comp ratio driven back down towards the mid-60s. So, I think that’s the fact that drives us within this range between 65% and 70%.
Daniel Harris: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hugh Miller with Sidoti & Company.
Hugh Miller: Hi, I appreciate you taking my questions. I had one with regard to, obviously you talked a little bit about FIN Reg and the fiduciary standard and so forth and obviously your per client interest first, but I was just wondering, do you have a sense as to within your advisors, what percent are either registered investment advisors or certified financial planners and maybe kind of held more strictly to that fiduciary standard?
Chet Helck: I can tell you that the vast majority of our registered representatives are also registered investment advisor agents either under one of our RIAs or in the case of independent contractors in their own registered investment advisories, and that’s because of the large portion of fee-based business that we do, which requires one to be an RIA in order to do fee-based business. So, the bottom line is most of our people are already operating in dual mode as both RIAs and registered representatives.
Hugh Miller: Okay. And maybe shifting towards the capital market segment, obviously a little bit of a contraction here from the March quarter, but can you talk a little bit about discussions you are having with companies and given the challenging market conditions that persist, whether or not the backlog still looks pretty strong here, and just whether or not the conversations with those companies kind of changed, they are kind of throwing in the caliber [ph] say with their thoughts on raising capital going public?
Paul Reilly: People want to raise money still chase the money for the questions to the market. Our backlog actually looks pretty good. If we can get any kind of pickup in the market, I think we could have a decent quarter, even maybe against an industry trend, but the backlog looks good. The question is will the markets cooperate, and I think people are still wanting to go out, and recapitalize the balance sheet that are going public and IPOs. There is still, we could have a good quarter, it depends on the market.
Hugh Miller: And then on the M&A side of things, similar types of situation?
Paul Reilly: I would say similar things. We certainly, it’s keeping the pipeline open, lot of middle market firms waiting for pricing the bigger deal to get financed with smaller deals, we almost have to create the markets. So, it was down slightly from the quarter, I was just talking to some of our M&A guys yesterday and they are optimistic, a lot of things going on. I put it in the same category.
Hugh Miller: And with regards to the implied average daily commissions in June relative to May, it came down just a touch more than what I was anticipating. Can you talk about whether or not that was kind of fueled more by some sluggishness on the retail side of things, or more on the institutional side?
Chet Helck: Certainly, the retail side was cautious and we saw people continuing to respond to events like the Flash Crash and other things that undermine their confidence and markets and ask a lot of questions rather than make a decision. I will let Paul comment on the institutional side, but I think retail certainly was a part of that.
Paul Reilly: Fixed income was a bit hard for the quarter as I think it was everywhere. So, spreads widened, it just slowed down. So, I don’t know if there is any one factor or another, but the second half of the quarter was a tough quarter.
Jeff Julien: Yes, and the equity capital markets actually did pretty well, because certainly they didn’t have same degree of issue in the second half of the quarter.
Hugh Miller: Yes, I mean, I certainly am hearing the same thing on the fixed income side, but we are just wondering whether or not you may be with some of the active hiring or re-hiring per se from the larger banks, whether or not you are seeing maybe a little bit of kickback on some market share just given how aggressive they have been recruiting and trying to get back in and generate those fixed income trading.
Jeff Julien: No, I would say, I think we have built up our fixed income business where outperform has done traditionally and certainly I mean, it’s a base business, certainly last year was not a good benchmark, I mean, I wish it was for that one business and equity capital markets being good, which tend not to happen at the same time, but I think we are continuing to build out as business in fact continuing to hire in a lot of the areas. So, I don’t think we are giving up lot of market share, I think it’s just the tough quarter.
Hugh Miller: All right, okay. Appreciate it. And then the last question I had was for Steve with regard to the bank. I guess you said in the past that you guys have been somewhat cautious with regard to lending to the CRE markets, and we have kind of seen a little bit of firming in prices on CRE properties in April and May, obviously still delinquencies are little bit of a challenge there, but I was wondering with the thought of growing the bank a little bit more, is that an area that you are considering now on lending to the high quality borrowers or is that an area where you are still pretty cautious and unlikely to growing?
Steven Raney: We continue to support our REIT clients and actually have a few new ones this year with the exception of one real estate project that had an investment grade tenant that we are taking the whole building, we have not done any project finance real estate transactions this fiscal year, but the REITs in particular, given our institutional knowledge and long relationships with many of these management teams, we think that’s good business and they are poised for success going forward, but there are that many new real estate project finance real estate transactions that we would really be inclined to proceed with it at this point.
Paul Reilly: And Hugh, we are just not a great believer in an individual project financing segments. It’s too volatile. We are activating and trying to increase our residential mortgage origination capability. We like the REIT space for good companies, because you get both of the assets backing and the operating company’s ability to raise capital and they tend to be less levered. So, those basis, we continue to look at, but the individual property segment, we just never have been enamored with.
Steven Raney: And our corporate, the pipeline and the new corporate transactions has been growing. So, we are starting to as I had mentioned see some traction in that space.
Paul Reilly: And the covenants included in today’s loans are lot of different than they were three and four years ago.
Hugh Miller: Certainly a good point. Maybe just one quick follow-up. You had mentioned in the past, too, when you saw a relationship that you wanted to lend to, that you weren't getting filled on as much of it through the Shared National Credit program as you would have liked. Any difference in trend there? Are you kind of getting filled on a greater percentage of the stuff that you are bidding into?
Steven Raney: Yes, I think there is still, there is for good credits, there is more demand than there is supply. So, there is still some pressure. We have become an important component, but in many, I would also I know we have shared this before of much larger percentage of our transactions are with clients of investment banking into our research. So, in many cases, the client themselves are helping us with the allocations, but to your point, I actually just cut an email on a transaction we are working on right now that it looks like it’s going to be two times oversubscribed. So, there is still certain transactions that are going to be, there seems to be a lot of the institutional non-banks, hedge funds and institutional fixed income funds that are back and active in this space and competing with us.
Hugh Miller: Great. Thank you so much for answering the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Nolan with Maxim Group.
Christopher Nolan: Good morning guys.
Steven Raney: Hi Chris.
Christopher Nolan: A quick question for Steve. Steve, it seems like corporate loans was the driver in terms of maintaining overall loan balances relatively steady. Most banks actually – they are seeing C&I balances flat, slightly down. Is there a reason why the corporate loan balances have increased so much?
Steven Raney: Yes, on a competitive basis, Chris, many of the institutions that are doing typically small businesses in smaller companies, I would say that we are seeing a lot of activity kind of on the larger end that are typical borrowers, typically are EBITDA north of $50 million or $100 million. So, the larger companies, there seems to be a lot more activity. They are able to access the loan markets easier perhaps than some of the smaller borrowers. So, kind of the higher end of the corporate loan market, we are starting to see a lot of activity. I am optimistic that, that is actually going to eventually slow down and help broader economy where smaller companies are able to access financing as well. So, I think that’s what we are seeing in terms of the marketplace that we play in predominantly.
Christopher Nolan: Great. And just a follow-up, in terms of the capital ratios, they are looking pretty robust at this point. Should we anticipate the beginning of dividends from the bank up to the holding company in the near term?
Steven Raney: Yes, I mean, we would actually like to grow the bank and use some of that, but the reality is we are continuing to generate earnings and we are given serious consideration to dividending back to the parent.
Christopher Nolan: Great. And then a quick follow-up for Jeff. Jeff, you have comments on the assets under management. You indicated that the management fees are based on 60% on the beginning of the quarter, 20% for the average for the quarter, then a 20% for something else, which I missed.
Jeff Julien: End of the quarter, some of the institutional accounts are billed at the end of the quarter, end of quarter balance which is worked – which is basically the same point as the next quarter, beginning of quarter.
Christopher Nolan: Great. That accounted for the stronger – partially accounted for the stronger PCG results despite the declining equity markets?
Jeff Julien: Because they were at the beginning of the quarter, yes.
Christopher Nolan: Great. Thanks for the clarification.
Jeff Julien: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Stelmach with FBR Capital Markets.
Steve Stelmach: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Julien: Hi, Steve.
Steve Stelmach: Jeff, I think you had mentioned some benefit on the expense saves within PCG this quarter. And from the Investor Day, I thought it was mentioned a few different times that given the market conditions in '08 and '09, you thought that sort of the heavy lifting in the expense saves was finished and there wasn't much left to do there. What accounted for this quarter?
Jeff Julien: I will give you two examples. One is with less recruiting activity, you have a lot less costs of brining people in and etcetera, count transfer fees, some of the types of costs associated with recruiting, because recruiting is way down and another one is there is a seasonal fluctuation in some of our mailings. For example, we have sent out all at year-end 1099 [ph] etcetera in the March quarter. So, quarter versus the preceding quarter, there is an example of two expense accounts that were down. It’s items like that, it’s not a land sea shift or any philosophy or anything we are cutting back on that we previously had not.
Paul Reilly: We are managing costs and we are cautious about it and we are not doing any big reduction programs.
Steve Stelmach: Yes, and that makes sense. And just then turning to the Bank real quick, Steve, on the provision one more time, how you reconcile what sounded like pretty cautious outlook on the Shared National Credit review with the provision this quarter? It would seem that you would want to stay relatively robust in the allowance ahead of that Shared National review, no?
Steven Raney: I have mentioned that we have got a rather significant number of the Shared National Credit exam. Once again it’s preliminary until we get the final report, but they usually don’t change. The vast, vast majority of them were already matched up with the results from that exam. So, therefore there is no impact of any grade change or downgraded in the loan. So, I know we have talked about how we build this loan by loan and we are reviewing the rating of every single loan in the portfolio every single quarter. So, that’s our –
Jeff Julien: We have checked maybe half of our credits, the agents banks.
Steven Raney: Yes, we probably have.
Jeff Julien: Preliminary rating is. We are pretty far down that process, but you can still get a surprise.
Steven Raney: Absolutely.
Paul Reilly: Last year, we tend to – we believe we mark them conservatively. Last year, I think the results showed that versus the other banks, but when the final results come in, it can always be a surprise.
Steven Raney: The September quarter last year net-net was about $15 million impact to our provision expense. $15 million of the $40 million in the September quarter last year was, I would attribute it to that, and we knew that, that was extraordinarily tough environment credit-wise last year.
Paul Reilly: And it can only be negative to us, because we only adjust the ones that are graded more harsh.
Steven Raney: That’s right.
Paul Reilly: We typically don’t upgrade the ones that we upgrade less harshly. So, it’s just a matter of magnitude. We don’t really – I don’t expect at this point based on what we have heard and how consistent the ratings have been with where we already had, and I don’t really expect it to be material.
Steven Raney: When we have it rated more harshly, then we leave it like that.
Steve Stelmach: Okay. And then, also, can you give us a feel for how you reserve based on the stage of delinquency? It sounds like you have had somewhat of an uptick in early-stage delinquencies on the CRE side, and correct me if I am wrong. But do you take the reserve within that 30 to 90 day bucket, or do you sort of wait till, I know you said those were non-accrual, but –?
Steven Raney: The commercial, I mean, the commercial loans, both commercial real estate and our corporate loans, I mean we are reserving way ahead of any past due issue. As a matter of fact, there is very little if any, there is very little if any issue with loans being past due. We are typically putting loans even on non-accrual before they are even past due. Now, that’s not the case with our residential portfolio. We actually are adding reserves once it gets 60 days, and once the loan goes 90 days past due, we are putting it in on non-performing status. So, it’s directly tied to the payment status on our residential portfolio, but the commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, it’s not really payment related.
Steve Stelmach: Okay.
Jeff Julien: Our reserves starts the day we put them on the books.
Steven Raney: Yes, we actually put reserves on.
Jeff Julien: And analysts looking at financial results every quarter and these loans that their tough operating environments are going down the stair step of our categories way before they stop performing.
Steve Stelmach: Got it. So you don't necessarily need to see a missed payment before you put up the reserve?
Steven Raney: No, as a matter of fact, that really never happens.
Steve Stelmach: Right. Not triggering event of any sort.
Steven Raney: We are building reserves well in advance of any payment issues on the commercial portfolio.
Paul Reilly: And I would say all of these questions on a loan reserve are great questions from you guys, but I hope over the last year, you have seen that we have done a lot better than the industry at being on top of these issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey with KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Good morning guys.
Paul Reilly: Hi Joel.
Joel Jeffrey: Steve, I think you had said you added about 15 net new corporate relationships this quarter. I was just wondering, in terms of growing the loan portfolio, are there any new strategies you guys are thinking about implementing to enhance growth?
Steven Raney: Good question Joel. We have targeted sub sectors if you will, we would like to grow certain sectors in the healthcare portfolio. As you know, we have got a rather significant healthcare investment banking practice with some clients that we have not currently done lending business with. There are also in the consumer products space, in the consumer products space, we are actively going after names that have performed well historically. So, there are certain subsectors that we are more inclined to do business with that we already talked about, the fact that we are really not looking to do a lot of project finance real estate loans. I would also mention that we have got some activities underway right now where we are looking to co-manage deals with relationships that we have more of an institutional relationship with, and so, you are going to see us, you are kind of moving up the food chain so to speak. We have been kind of a retail investor if you will in these large corporate loan syndications and we are looking to kind of move up to the co-manager role that improves our economics and it will also improve our allocations overtime. There is some staffing that we are looking to take on to drive that business, but that – look for more information on that over the next few quarters.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. Great. And then, Jeff, on the promontory program, I think you said it was about $9 million of income this quarter on that?
Jeff Julien: $9.5 million exactly, yes.
Joel Jeffrey: $9.5 million, is that a number that's going to say relatively stagnant or do you expect to be able to grow that line?
Jeff Julien: That’s balance dependent obviously. I don’t expect – if rates stay where they are, I don’t expect much change in our spreads. It’s just a matter of whether balances stay where they are. I mean, as Paul mentioned, we have a lot of clients with a lot of cash right now. So, there is pretty big balances in that program. Those funds go into the market and/or we grow our bank where more of those funds need to be allocated to RJ Bank to fund loan growth. The outside promontory balances may go down. If rates go up, that would probably expand that spread like it would expand some of the other spreads. So, it’s suppose to be both balanced and rate driven like the other categories, but I don’t anticipate it going very much from where it is without one of those two factors happening.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. Great. And then just lastly, I think in the past you guys have said you looked at asset managers as a potential acquisition. Is that something that still might be on your radar screen?
Paul Reilly: We are still looking and we would like to expand the investment especially into fixed income international large cap spaces, but we are looking. If we find the right fit, we will add them, and yes, we are still interested in the area.
Joel Jeffrey: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Sipkin with Ticonderoga.
Douglas Sipkin: Yes, good morning. Can you guys hear me?
Paul Reilly: Yes, sure, Doug.
Douglas Sipkin: Hi, how you guys doing? Two questions, first, sort of big picture retail brokerage business, the SEC has six months to potentially come up with fiduciary standards for brokers. And then yesterday, the SEC came out with new fee guidelines for asset managers and price competition for retail brokers around 12b-1 fees. How are you guys thinking about that? Does that have a big impact on your business? Does that have a big impact on some of your competitors versus you have given sort of your fee-based model, just curious for thoughts?
Paul Reilly: I don’t think it has a big impact, but go ahead.
Chet Helck: Doug, we think that in principle anyway, we operate pretty much in line with what regulators would like everybody to do. So, we don’t see this as a game changer for us. I think if we were primarily in the manufacturing distribution business for certain products anyway, we would be thinking hard about how we were going to reinvent ourselves, but that’s not going on here. The 12b-1 fees is a very closely watched issue, as you might imagine among financial advisors, but the rest I see of what proposals are would not materially change anything. Again, I will remind you that a high portion of our business is already fee-based. The client is paying a percentage of assets for ongoing advisory services and 12b-1 fees are a tax efficient way for the client to pay those fees, and if that tax efficiency is somehow limited overtime, which is what they are proposing, I would expect that you would see some of that business shift more into a straight advisory fee. I thought it was also interesting that they included in the proposal the ability for the broker dealer to determine ongoing pricing on fund shares not in an advisory camp, which is something we have always should be the case, because funds should determine how much they need to operate and we should be able to price services we provide. So, we think this is all right down in the middle of the road for our way of doing business.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, Steve, I apologize for I am probably beating a dead horse a little bit, but I am just trying to explore the provision a little bit more. Your loan balances have been coming down, but this quarter, there was an increase sort of in the corporate loan book in aggregate. And I know you guys typically reserve maybe 1.5% – and I don't want to put words in your mouth – 1.5%, 1.75% on the onset. And you did have two new NPAs on the commercial side, not commercial real estate just corporate loans in general. So I am just wondering, I mean, is there something that you are seeing in the credit outlook getting much better? I was just surprised that the number was that, considering sort of those two factors.
Steven Raney: Doug, those two loans that went into non-performing were already heavily reserved in prior periods. They were already criticized loans that we had set aside significant reserves. So, just by virtue of them going into non-accrual really doesn’t necessarily impact the provision expense and the reserves we have set up for them. $17 million is still a big number, and our charge-offs are still escalated. So, in some cases, when we are actually taking a loan to non-accrual, we are actually charging part of the loan off and taking that we have already set aside as reserves, we are charging that off and taking it out of reserves, and in some cases adding additional reserves based on the new value of the underlying collateral. So, that in and of itself doesn’t necessarily trigger additional reserves because we would have already recognized that as a problem loan in prior periods.
Jeff Julien: To your point, there were a couple of loans during the quarter that we couldn’t just justify carrying them at the criticized level we had, more than we had upgraded.
Douglas Sipkin: I got you. So, there was a bit of give and take. And then just in terms of, but in terms of just the actual – while the aggregate loans didn't – they went down, the corporate loans went up; and I know that typically gets reserved at the onset tougher than residential, correct?
Steven Raney: That’s correct.
Douglas Sipkin: And so –
Steven Raney: Greater the loan at inception, but typically it would be in the 150 to 175 basis points range on day one.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. All right, no, that's helpful. I mean I guess it sounds like it's just going back and forth on stuff, and so –
Jeff Julien: And we also had an opportunity this past quarter to dispose off a loan or two at par, had a criticized status.
Steven Raney: We sold a couple of loans that we had marked or had reserved at levels that were greater than what we actually saw the loan at. So, that in and of itself would by itself would just free some reserves up.
Jeff Julien: Those were not big pieces.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. That's very helpful. And then I apologize. I jumped on late. If you did give this already, the NIM, any outlook around the NIM? I know some of the bigger banks have talked about tighter NIMs because of lack of loan growth, I think. I am just curious for your outlook for NIM.
Steven Raney: Loan balances this quarter, I anticipate point-to-point will be flat to maybe slightly up, but on average our balances will be down during this period. The actual net interest spread itself should remain relatively stable over the next couple of quarters, Doug. So, I would anticipate net interest income just being down because average balances will probably be down slightly.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. Perfect.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think talking to your question, I think general, as we see it generally improving credit environment but there is still some stuff leftover. So, as we grow the book, we are cautiously optimistic but we are conservative in the nature, so we are going to keep a look at it.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. So, I mean it still sounds like in terms of the credit outlook, it's pretty consistent with what it's been over the last couple of months. It's a slow improvement. The last I guess month or two hasn't had that big of an impact on your guy's outlook with sort of maybe a downdraft in the economy?
Steven Raney: I think that it continues to be a little bit surprised that the residential market is just under a lot of pressure. And we would have thought that we would have seen maybe some more improvement, but we are still seeing price declines in lot of markets, in terms of values of residential properties in particular.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. And then, again, I apologize because it may have been asked, but a lot of your bigger competitors are talking about the Flash Crash and how negative it has been for retail psyche, yet you guys posted pretty good results. Is it a different world at the smaller or mid-sized firms, or, what are you guys seeing? Was there a real change in sentiment post that in May?
Steven Raney: We tell people that they should manage their portfolios long term and you get noise in a day, you can shake people, but you got to shake off this short-term noise and look at your long-term investment portfolio. So sure, there's withdrawals or there are things that happen in a couple days, but overall investors I think are hanging in there, and they are still cautious in their mix, but we don’t see a huge change thereof.
Paul Reilly: In addition to the long-term conservative planning-oriented approach that we espouse here, I think that you are seeing the effect of our recruiting continue to offset some of the softness. Obviously we still feel somehow. So, the combination of factors, but you can’t really appreciate how much of a game changer the last two years have been in terms of adding market share here. We still have a lot of future benefit to realize from that.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: (Operator instructions)
Paul Reilly: With that, I think we got to the list, I appreciate everybody’s team. I do want to close with one thing. We have Tom in the room and we have been through a pretty strange market, both regulatory and market-wise. You probably thought you have seen it all, but you sure you probably think you haven’t. I don’t know if you have any comments you want to add on kind of outlook and the market.
Tom James: The only thing I would highlight is what Jeff and Chet were saying there at the end is that most of these regulatory changes are really non-impactful for us on a financial basis, but they are impactful in the sense that those 2,200 pages plus all the Regs to come are largely didn’t address the two major problems specifically although the Regs will leverage in capital ratios, which are the two major causes of problems and lack of disciplined regulation on the part of the regulators and the lack of disciplined management on the part of the industry. What I would tell you is that nothing was done to really increase the budgets, the regulators that need to address these. Consumer protection agency will add duplicative costs to oversight. So, there are going to be some additional frictional costs for the industry. In the main, any incremental costs will probably get directed at big banks where there is still a lot of hire, but the fact is we have already experienced cost from increased FDIC costs, and we are going to see more. So, those costs go directly to the broker dealer and then are passed on to consumers. So, while all these guys are up waving their arms about what great accomplishments they have had with this bill, I can tell you, I think they did a lousy job. They didn’t deal with those major issues that I just mentioned nor the second level, one which is they didn’t create a mechanism on an ongoing basis that would allow dynamic response to changing products, changing industry conditions, and afford our industry to plan for the future in a way that would deter some of these kinds of problems that we experienced in this down market. And for that, I give these guys an F. For the first part, I would probably give them a C minus. So, I actually am disappointed, but I don’t think it impacts us very much except for some of these frictional costs that will be there. We in the industry will continue to work with the regulators. We are continuing to do it to try to make sure that the regulations, as Chet mentioned, they are reasonable on fiduciary standards. If we can keep the regulation to reasonable levels, I think we are going to be in good shape. So, it’s a mixed bag, but I don’t really think we have seen a downturn in the last two quarters, by the way, I still think we are in a slow growth, and we are going to be okay, and you are going to see continued growth on average albeit with all this volatility, not necessarily quarter-to-quarter. And I think that the new team, the new CEO is doing an excellent job in our team and he worked very closely together. So, as far as I am concerned, the outlook is excellent.
Paul Reilly: Thank you Tom, thank you all.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-01-21 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Welcome everyone to the quarterly analyst conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. James you may begin.
Tom James: Thank you and welcome everyone. Angel we appreciate your introduction. We think it is quite appropriate that we would have help from above for our industry after what we have been through for the last two years. The quarter, just making some introductory comments if I might, to think about things here and I think that is important I think what I would say is we expected slow improvement in the economy generally as a backdrop for whatever our performance would be. We probably didn’t expect quite as rapid an increase in stock market values as we have experienced which has led many commentators to suggest that certainly the risk of corrections or consolidations in the marketplace is present. Present. I think I agree with that but I do think the general economy is like Byron [Ween] estimated. It might surprise some people in 2010 in terms of improvement. The consumer will take a little longer which means that generally speaking unemployment while it might start down here in the second half is going to be slow to recover. I think small business and even big business has a “show me” attitude about what is going on in terms of where they ought to capital expenditures and whether they ought to add to their employment base or not. So it is not going to be one of these really exciting, V-based recoveries but on the other hand the trends will be generally up. So I think that our numbers kind of reflect that and our business is reflecting that about which I will comment when we get into it. I guess theme one I would make to you because of the market improvement client assets are up dramatically from a combination of all that good early recruiting we did and pure market appreciation we are at record levels of client levels in-house here. We call it assets under administration. I think that is a very favorable trend for future results. You are beginning to see client activity slowly begin to increase, reflecting all those general comments about the economy but it is slower than you would have anticipated by the degree of recovery in the market. That surprises some people. Fortunately we have a pretty large fee-based revenue content so you can sort of expect that quarter-to-quarter comparisons here should be good. Certainly we know assets under management here whether it is wrap fee or whether it is pure asset management those balances as you can see in our monthly reports have continued to trend upwards which means that revenues in this particular quarter because of our billing-forward policy should be continuing to increase. Sequential improvement is what I would see in the PCG related activities going forward here which obviously impacts the asset management numbers. The capital market kinds of activity you are seeing in the marketplace, while the transaction volume is high the percentage participation on all of these overnight deals that are occurring tend to be smaller unless you happen to be the lead manager and unfortunately pure IPO activity isn’t up enough to influence our lead managed statistics very much. So everybody looked at these kinds of numbers and we were discussing yesterday here amongst ourselves what indicators could we give you on a monthly basis that could be more useful than just transaction numbers. It isn’t easy to address this issue. So most of that activity levels both here and Canada can come from smaller participations and underwritings. Don’t be surprised. As the market improves, if it does indeed, you will see increased activity in lead managed transaction as the private equity firms begin to try to get more liquidity into their successful investment holdings and just generally people are more inclined to sell public stock because price levels have increased. A higher mathematics type observation. While it is nice to report an up quarter over last year, I think you quite properly those of you have already commented on our release are also noting the sequential activity that is going on there. The only comment I would make in that area that is probably useful for you to think about is actually on those comp expenses remember if bank contributions are particularly large and equity capital markets are particularly large comp ratios go up because it is coming from our PCG segment principally and we have already reduced expenses on the asset management side of the ledger. So you are seeing great operating leverage and their profit numbers as their assets go up but they have actually been able to manage improvement even against periods of similar asset bases in prior years. That is kind of my general comment. I would tell you I am pleased that the results are reflecting kind of the general trends we have estimated here about what might happen. That is as much luck as forecasting skill when you start dealing with calling market prices and levels and even directions you obviously are subject to a high degree of error. On the other hand I think it is positive to reflect on what is going on here because you see some good base trends. I didn’t really mention some of some of those bank trends but I will when we get there. Steve Raney, our President who is with us of the Bank I am sure will be called upon to elaborate on these results. So let me begin by just saying that it has been very difficult to increase net revenues at a meaningful level. That is similar to the rest of the industry, by the way, in the US economy. It has been a little more intractable than I might have expected but you have to dissect the income statement again to come back and say where do you see the vibrancy? Where do you see the return? The private client commissions and fees I would focus on because they were up 15.5%. That is a dramatic kind of growth in these comparisons and they were up over last year. On a total commission fee you don’t see the kind of total growth at these levels. It is a little bit lower but still up sequentially 7% and up 12% year-over-year. The reason for that is basically that institutional commissions are down slightly in fixed income, still above the kinds of levels that one might anticipate because we benefited from some of the uncertainty and illiquidity in the markets in prior periods that it is getting better now which is good for the market but not necessarily good for spreads or good for pure volume of transactions. On the equity side, the equity institutional business is still lackluster even in our European operations because of the weakness of the dollar amongst other things. You know, when people begin to think that the dollar is going to strengthen I think you will see some favorable numbers there. Generally speaking with the exception of these comp lines, noninterest expenses have been in good shape. We are benefiting from that. I do want to keep pressure on management to watch this because unless we start seeing dramatic recoveries in some of these retractably slow recover revenue lines you don’t want to ramp up too much. Generally speaking net income before all these adjustments that the accountants are slapping on us for unvested share results, $49 million was actually very good contrasted to the $61 million last year and up from $43 million in the immediately preceding quarter so it was a 14% type increase there which led us to the $0.39 diluted earnings versus $0.50 and versus $0.35 from the sequential prior quarter. So what I would say there of course just as a generalization is you sort of had a confluence of all the stars of universe in the first quarter last year when we had pretty good loss experienced. We had already slowed down the growth of loans and assets at the bank and generally speaking I wouldn’t say there is a lot that happened to spreads but these factors at the bank led to a record quarter last quarter and one that turned out to be well above average. As you know in the March quarter the commercial real estate market started to get a lot worse and began to see some of that reflected in loan loss provisions. Not just by us. In a much greater degree at the larger banks. When you look at the bank just for a minute since I brought it up you see that sequential improvement as some of these loss provisions have benefited from offsetting credits as the ratings of some of our loans have improved during the quarter and the actual additions of new loss loans has declined. I would like to think this represents the longer term trend which I believe. Unfortunately, still as we have cited in past earnings it is hard to forecast what happens quarter-to-quarter with loans. It is hard for us to forecast it will be a nice inclining line of profitability quarter-to-quarter resulting from a lower loan loss provision. I am sure you will have more questions on that front. As you know the bank also shrunk just generally speaking in the quarter and it is way down from last year. Part of that was by design at the beginning and now I would tell you it is like turning around an aircraft carrier. It is not the easiest thing to do. You give instructions or you turn the wheel but you don’t notice very much of a change for a pretty good period of time. We are working hard to add because that total capital ratio is above 13% which is higher than our target ratio so we are actually trying to grow loans intelligently. You are seeing kind of a market that you probably may not even discern or be aware of where good loans are sort of hard to come by. There is effort on the new originations to actually be in for a lot more than the total loan so your requests are actually being reduced. You have kind of your normal renewals which are going on and you have a continued, pretty rapid rate of payback either from re-equification of the balance sheet through earnings or public offerings of existing public companies or it is not really from a reluctance I would say on these numbers because we are not reluctant. We are trying to make more loans and we continue to ramp up the effort that we are doing here while maintaining high credit quality standards. You are going to see that throughout the industry. The industry is going to be extremely careful. But you also see increased bids for home loans in the secondary markets reflecting this demand which means that a lot won’t meet our qualifications for purchase. That doesn’t make it as easy as you might guess to turn around this aircraft carrier. You should be aware of that. Steve certainly is making a major effort with his team to get that accomplished. I cited some of these comments on the individual segments of the business for you so you would understand this interplay where you have PCG and asset management group improving results. At the same time, at least the year-over-year comparisons, at the bank are down for reasons I just mentioned. Equity capital markets are still a drag on capital markets in general and as I said the fixed income business was down somewhat in the quarter. So you don’t see the capital markets ramp that we are really expecting yet and I think we are going to see it because we have certainly seen the activity levels in the capital markets committee but as I said we need more of this IPO activity which is sort of a later stage phenomenon that goes on in the marketplace. It is not coming back as fast and the M&A activity, again this is one of those discrete kinds of things that happens quarter-to-quarter that makes it very difficult to try and look at trends on that front. The other thing I would say about equity capital markets for those of you who look at the quarter-to-quarter comparisons in capital markets sequentially is that traditionally the fourth quarter of the year, that was the September quarter, is sort of replete with activity as a result of everyone rushing to get in all their fee income, making sure everything is booked in real time, etc. which doesn’t necessarily happen in normal quarterly activity. So we almost always have some burst of investment banking revenues in the September quarter. So that is part of the reason for those results. The only other comment I would make on the capital markets is we have made a pretty good investment in personnel. So the expense levels there are higher than they were a year ago. You typically don’t have a lot of underwriting in the December quarter. You shut down at least for the last three weeks of December. So you just don’t see the returns on the increased investment yet but I think you are going to see that going forward. In some degree that [drives] public finance market where we have added bankers and where we saw certainly an improvement last year in terms of the activity in this area and I suspect we are going to continue to see improved results as we continue to add people in that particular area. We have actually questioned even internally here about net interest. What I am going to do is ask Jeff Julien, our CFO, ably supported here by our Comptroller, to respond on net interest. Jeff if you would give some input with all these new bonds we have outstanding and the changes on the money market funds what is really going on here.
Jeff Julien: On its base I am looking at net interest sequentially from last quarter and on its base net interest was down $7 million. When we tear into that just a little bit as Tom mentioned the interest on our note issuance last quarter added interest expense of about $7 million this quarter and about $3 million the previous quarter. So if I added that back to what we will call interest earnings from operations which is kind of taking that financing activity away just to look at the ongoing run rate of operating earnings, with respect to interest and you get $86 million in the previous quarter and $83 million in the current quarter; still a decline of $3 million which again doesn’t really comport with all the sequential improvement comments we have been making. If you will remember last quarter we talked about the inception of this multi-bank suite program in the month of September which we completed sometime mid-quarter in the December quarter. That added about $7 million in the December quarter of fee income which is in financial service fees as a line item; not in interest earnings. That recoups some of the spread that has been lost by the interest rate dynamics. As Tom mentioned last time the magnitude of our earnings from that is going to be offset by our bond interest cost. When I add that $7 million into this quarter just ended we actually get $90 million versus about $87 million. There was a little bit of this in the previous quarter. So we actually did the way we would analyze this have a sequential improvement from those interest earnings and related activities from September to December. Not a huge jump but about $3 million. We like to think that as balances grow that will continue.
Tom James: Do you see any change in spreads or in terms of client deposits in all of your areas? What is going on here with the improved markets you might think you [might have a lot] of cash.
Chet Helck: It has actually run about flat to slightly down. We have had some net investment but we have increased client assets coming into the firm. Another dynamic is we were earning virtually nothing on the billions that we had in our proprietary money market funds. As of today about 2/3 of the taxable funds or about $3 billion has moved into the Bank suite program. That still leaves $1.5 billion in the taxable fund and the balance of that amount in the tax-free fund. We will be undertaking steps to convert those to a private label share of someone else’s fund to recoup again part of the lost earnings from that activity as well. So that will additionally help going forward. Most of the decline in net interest income as you can imagine is bank related. From last year interest earnings are down $36 million and $28 million because the banks and Steve can comment on spreads there. They are down from a year ago when we had the record bank quarter. We also had a very strange LIBOR rate. You will remember LIBOR spiked over 4% and we benefited somewhat from that but we had unrealistically and unsustainably high spreads for that quarter as well as very high balances. So we had the best of all worlds. But the spreads are hanging in there pretty well at the bank although our balances are way down and the challenge to that is to grow the loan balances to recapture some of that spread.
Tom James: Let me come back, we expect rates at some point during this year to begin escalating which will actually have a favorable impact over time for us as it increases because as you know even the private clients where we have a lot of these client assets we have benefited at the bank by the low rates but the private client group essentially hasn’t earned much, as Jeff pointed out, in the general investment of some of these assets. That will get better as rates increase and you will see perhaps not a restoration of the total amount of interest net earnings in the future that we have enjoyed in past periods but you will see a pretty dramatic increase which will help private client margins. As you know during the quarter the private client margin actually increased dramatically sequentially from the prior quarter which is what we expected to have happen. We expect it to happen more. The reason I say that is essentially the productivity per financial advisor is still about 16-17% beneath where it was a year earlier. The only reason for that is the individual investor isn’t back in full force and the impact of these increased assets hasn’t totally restored the income levels. It is getting there now. You are going to see kind of built in an increase in product client group margins unless or until you have a correction in stock market values. So the outlook there is good. The other factor that affects private client group which has been the tremendous recruiting in prior periods, actually you saw a slight decrease of total financial advisors at the firm over the last quarter. As you know there are normal factors, I am reminded by our guys, the debt retirement that conjoin with trimming the sales force at year-end for re-registration at the calendar year end. So essentially we had a number of our smaller offices closed in December and it actually spills over to a smaller degree in January so we have a decline and the rate of new additions is always somewhat less in the holiday season but there is no question that the rate of movement within the industry has slowed mainly because the market is good and brokers spend less time thinking about this when they are making more money and have things to do. So we are seeing what we call home office visits where financial advisors who come down here and visit us are increasing again. I suspect we are going to see more increase in the loss numbers because of the comment I made about sort of cutting off at the bottom each year. It means that our additions are probably a much higher average productivity than the departures. So I actually suspect we will be back on positive footing here for the rest of the year adding advisors. That is true in Canada. It is true in the United Kingdom. This is kind of a universal comment on what happens with financial advisor accounts but I think we are just not going to be as an industry as active in moving people around during this year as we were last year. We sort of forecast that which leads me to conclude that we need to have more trainees back in the system which would require some ramp up on our current activity levels. I think it is really sort of an obligation to the system. It is an obligation to the firm. We have very good records with the ones who survived, which unfortunately is a smaller percentages than one would like to believe it should be. So we have improvement to make there. As you can see the book value of this company has increased. I think we had some improvement in our public securities at the bank. We had the earnings after dividend addition and you had option exercises that have contributed to that increase in the quarter so we are at $17.58 on book value per share calculation. The margin balances have increased. Pretty much by all measures we are obviously up in financial advisor count over last year. The health is good at the firm and the outlook for firms like ours that are more agency oriented and deal with private client is actually quite favorable going forward. I think the major part of our business, 60-65% of it is in good health. The asset management part is directly related to those numbers. We are also seeing great net inflows from institutional accounts and from outside broker dealers in total so that we are seeing net growth on a reduced amount of cancellations as the market has been better. So I am looking forward to a restoration of that business which is a higher margin business here in the succeeding quarters. As I have already said on the capital markets front I expected somewhat lower levels of commission activity and fixed income. I expect equity commissions to begin to increase here unless we have a major correction in the market. I do expect investment banking activity to increase more dramatically unless the market has a shock. Hopefully I know the trend in the bank will be to increase profitability as we begin to grow assets again and more importantly see more traditional levels of loan loss provisions quarter-to-quarter going forward. The outlook is good. I do want to add something that is nonspecific just because my irritation level has reached a point where I have to take this steam kettle top off. As you know we are involved in some financial re-regulation that is kind of taking a second consideration to the healthcare legislation. The rhetoric is just beyond comprehension. I really believe that you all have some opportunity and I mean the analyst community to add some kind of realism to this process because this blame mongering that is going on in Congress and by the Administration I find extremely irritating. That doesn’t mean I don’t believe a lot of the management teams in larger financial institutions and even in some of the smaller banks have earned the ire of the American public, particularly their shareholders, because they have experienced big losses. For lack of risk management control and for not being tight enough in terms of the way they managed these companies. I don’t believe, however, that was generated by a concern for current levels of bonuses the way the government seems to portray this. It is sort of an outrage to me that they do that. The vast majority of financial service companies while they have been injured by the fallout of everything that has occurred in the marketplace during the last 1.5 to 2 years has made it through here without TARP funds, without direct government assistance and often I might say with a government that sort of ignores their plight and makes no effort to distinguish among the firms that really have kept on operating and doing what they are supposed to be doing with their stocks falling apart in the marketplace because they are put in the same category as those that haven’t done well. So as one of those firms I would just like to comment that if you think we got through this without being injured it is not true. Our shareholders experienced a large decline at the bottom at least in terms of our share price that is still below highs. So they have been injured by this process. The TARP recipients while they certainly in the large institutions may deserve some of the comments on the management they have paid back the money with interest and with option profit and for the President to comment that the banks need to bear the responsibility for the major problems in the economy, and I mean solely amongst the large 50 of which we are not one, that is an outrage actually I would tell you. The administration, the Fed by both its fiscal and monetary policy, by its general comments on the economy and not reigning in real estate when we had a clear bubble, not recognizing the risk of increased sub-prime activity and taking action through the bank and S&L regulators by making them tougher on that category of loans, the regulators themselves simply didn’t tighten down the ship with all that is going on around them. The mono line insurance companies that thought they could be just as good at insuring mortgage pools as they were with financial bonds bear responsibility. The rating agencies who seem only to be able to look at the rearview mirror and that is sometimes without the benefit of a clear rear window pane I think all of these groups including the Administration and Treasury activities before the problems developed. I have made clear before that I believe that the Fed and Treasury earned kudos for their recovery from the problem but we didn’t need to have the problem develop at this level. If we had just used existing regulatory power, some foresight, some more sensitivity to changing numbers we wouldn’t have experienced anything as bad during this period. For that you ought to start out with some moderation in what kind of activities are taking place in the regulatory front. I want to point out I have been involved with the financial services roundtable, financial services regulatory activity since prior to all of the problems developing when we warned everybody without anybody listening that Fannie Mae and Freddie were train wrecks ready to happy with very limited equity capital when their stock prices were high and they could have easily raised more equity capital but for some unintelligible reason their own management kept lobbying for maintaining high degrees of leverage made no effort to protect itself from the increasing probability that the firms might be destroyed in some sort of a real estate revaluation when they could have fixed that easily and the government could have prodded them to do it and they should have instead of agreeing the whole time. I get really sick of some of our politicians playing “holier than thou” positions when they in fact were very active participants in insuring none of that happened. Then blaming the banks for what happened that has occurred over decades in the auto industry, the terrible management of risk in AIG which I would argue with a benefit of retrospect that we shouldn’t have saved even though we would have had a domino effect and I understand why Treasury and Fed were worried about it. Those losses and some of the guarantees that were made, I will tell you all these transactions that occurred were done with the benefit of contracts. There was no comment about having additional costs assessed retroactively based on participation. I find that un-American. I think this whole behavior is very unfortunate because we shouldn’t be focused on blame. We should all be about restoring the jobs in this country. We should all be about fixing the system rules where they need to be fixed. They are all pointing out we are fighting the Consumer Protection Agency because we are trying to hurt consumers. That is the biggest bunch of nonsense I have ever heard. The fact is, we have been arguing for four years we ought to have an oversight agency that looks at systemic risk, that looks at risk of entire holding companies as opposed to individual elements of the holding company and we ask Treasury and the Fed and we sent these reports to Congress and all the regulators to take action in this area. Whether it is the Fed that does this or whether it is some new body really isn’t as important as we actually have this global oversight activity going on here more aggressively than we have in the past coordinating all the efforts, looking at the financials holistically going forward. We asked for that. So it wasn’t just for the Fed and Fannie Mae. We asked for national charters for the large companies in these activities so that regulation wouldn’t be done by state regulators who don’t even understand what derivative risk is or how swaps work. It is inexcusable that in this day and age that we don’t have a national regulatory system. We don’t have a national charter for insurance companies. We do have some bank regulations but you could make it clearer for large holding companies that you had this form of regulations and certainly that applies to the brokerage industry as well. We had areas that were unregulated. We commented on those whether it is mortgage brokers or other areas of business that could easily be added to existing regulators. There should be consolidation, not additions, to regulators. The FDC, the CFDC should be merged. The OTS and the OTC should be merged. It doesn’t take a genius. I didn’t need to be a business school graduate or experienced either 73 or 74 or the recent market declines we had to make these evaluations. We have all known this for some time and yet we can’t get the politicians to cooperate to invoke the right kind of regulation here to fix these problems. After all, since 1934, 1933 and 1940 we have had major changes in the products we sell and the way we conduct business. As much as I liked [Glass eagle] and supported it during its existence I would tell you that you shouldn’t go back on [glass eagle]. You don’t need to limit the size of bank growth. You need to limit leverage. You need to have a real regulatory oversight. You need to have adequate resources given to those regulators. The SEC didn’t even have new product oversight until last quarter. That is unbelievable. So we had registrations of leveraged ETS coming out and listed on major exchanges, the New York Stock Exchange, without someone understanding whether these leveraged ETSs worked as advertised or not. It is unforgiveable is what I would tell you. We have seen regulators go after us that sold the ARS securities when in fact I would tell you based on past experience, based on ratings, based on everything we knew without the impact of the perfect storm that we all have hopefully survived in total that you would have never had them go bad just the way you wouldn’t have had the commercial paper market fail or the securitized mortgage backed market fail or generally have a collapse of the global securities markets. What are the regulators doing? They are spending their time going back and blaming everybody when they didn’t even take the time to develop appropriate disclosure for secondary trading rules. I find this obnoxious. It is very unfortunate that everyone doesn’t take their share of the blame and we are looking for a scapegoat to blame all this on. We need to get refocused going forward here. I think if we do that we can become very globally competitive again instead of losing market share but that is going to take a senior agency that I mentioned or some other vehicle for the industry and regulators to cooperate to develop competitive, global, up to date, technologically capable systems to beat our global competitors. Because if you think that developed Europe and especially Asia are going to stand by as they accumulate all these positive cash flows in Asia and not try to grab bigger parts of the financial markets you are sorely misled. Excuse me for ranting on this subject but somebody has to because no one seems to be doing this. I think it is our responsibility as participants in the industry to do that. With those comments I will open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Daniel Harris – Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris: You mentioned earlier in the call the decision at some point to start growing the loans at the bank. I was wondering as you think about that where you see the most opportunity. Is it in residential or is it in the commercial and CRE space where you see you might grow loans going forward?
Steve Raney: As you see over the last three quarters and this most recent quarter our loan portfolio was down about $140 million following two quarters where we were down roughly $500 million. So the activity levels in terms of us growing the portfolio, that effort really started in earnest at the end of the September quarter but as you know it takes a little while to build that momentum up. We did 18 transactions in our corporate portfolio that represented about $200 million of new funded loans. The residential business has been a little bit more challenging where we moved from an environment where there were a lot more sellers than there were buyers. That dynamic has changed. We are actively looking for some new channels for some new residential loans. We have a couple of things that are closing this quarter but we are also not going to sacrifice credit quality for just putting on new loans for the sake of doing that. The primary market right now is still very light but we are very active with all potential participants that we have been doing business with and once again we have really kind of started turning that aircraft carrier around as Tom alluded to. We would think we would be roughly flat to trying to be up slightly this quarter. I would tell you the activity in the capital markets we were notified this week of a couple of payoffs and pay down’s we are getting as a result of borrowers accessing the high yield market. So once again we are not going to sacrifice quality just for the sake of putting loans on but we do think we will be able to eventually grow the loan portfolio in the next few quarters.
Tom James: Before you go off that subject there is one other item you need to consider here. We still have this application and the convert to a commercial bank from a S&L which the government has chosen to move very slowly with and has concerns about ARS activity and things like that but no problems with respect to the quality of the bank activities or the financial stability of the holding company and results or anything like that. There is no real incentive for a regulator to approve anything that has any risk associated with it of making a mistake in an environment like the one we have been through. While you can empathize with them a little bit even though it is frustrating from our standpoint because it caused us to again go through this gross up activity at the end of September that we described to you. So part of the problem is if we are going to have to continue to comply with OTS regulation it is important that we do add more residential mortgage loans here and so that will affect our judgment too. It isn’t just where are things available that meet our quality and return standards because we are going to be guided by what goes on there. I wish I could be more definitive but this is outside our control. I don’t know what is going to happen there.
Daniel Harris: Staying within the bank but moving over to the securities portfolios as you look out to March or April with the government cash back involvement in the mortgage market how do you think about your securities portfolio? I think most of it is agency MBS. Does that change your view in terms of maturity or type of security you are borrowing or how you are thinking about the mix of securities and loans?
Steve Raney: We really haven’t been buying any securities. There have been a couple of Jennie Mae and agency bonds we have bought over the last 12 months but in the December quarter we didn’t buy any new securities at all. The private label portion of our securities portfolio continues to get paid down on a monthly basis and as Tom mentioned we have had some improvement in that negative mark-to-market by about $20 million in the December quarter. In terms of the impact of the GSEs pulling back their purchases and support of the mortgage market I don’t think that is going to have a lot of impact on our existing portfolio. Right now we are really more interested in deploying our liquidity into loans. I’m not sure exactly how that is going to play out.
Daniel Harris: As you look forward here to the spring and potential transition how are you thinking about any changes going forward for the firm or do you think it is just still the same business strategy we have had for the last few years?
Tom James: I have got Paul Reilly in here also who is will be replacing me as CEO on May 1 and increasingly is involved in all of the activities here on a management level. All I can say from my standpoint is the transition thus far has gone extremely well. In terms of his rapid learning curve and in terms of all of our business activities, in terms of his continuing to manifest and understanding for as well as an endorsement of the general values and policies we have here at the business. It is interesting that for the first time since we have stopped worrying about survival you are seeing demand for the use of our existing capital again and we are having to go through some of these decisions about do we invest more in Latin America, how aggressive are we on the recruiting front and we are going to deal with all of these things in our long-range planning meeting in February of our Board of Directors which is always fun. We definitely get a divergence of opinions represented at these meetings. We actually have an operating committee meeting later today. These kinds of discussions are ongoing. I would tell you from my standpoint I don’t see a lot of changes but things will be done differently. That is sort of what happens when you change CEO. I think the basic precepts are going to continue to be followed. We certainly share amongst all our senior management team a view that there is tremendous opportunity in our business not only to restore rates of return on equity that we have enjoyed in the past and get back some of the operating margins we had but also to capture share in almost every single one of these businesses. I know Steve certainly shares the fact that we would like to return to a little more normal banking environment where people spend a lot more time worried about adding new loans than they are about protecting the value of existing ones. So we have a lot of that but Paul is here so I will ask Paul to comment if he has anything to add.
Paul Reilly: Let me briefly say that first I am here because I believe in the strategy, direction and really the values of the firm. As I tell people internally the biggest difference on May 1st is it will be the day after April 30th. This isn’t about drastic changes. It is maybe about tweaks or looking at different things a little bit differently but we share the same values and direction. Tom and I consistently agree on 90% automatically. Then we debate that and he has certainly got a lot of experience and I will continue to lean on that too as we continue past.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan - Sandler O’Neill.
Devin Ryan: I believe you said that productivity per financial advisor is down 16-17%. Can you quantify or qualify how much of that is related to the new hires that haven’t ramped up yet? What I am trying to get a sense of is there a large amount of revenues from more recent hires that isn’t reflected yet in the results?
Tom James: As you compare year-over-year the only comment I would make to you is that we had a lot of new hires in prior periods too. So I would say the quality of the hires we are making hasn’t declined. So we are still adding above average producers in general at the firm with the exception perhaps of the [fit] division where we have these brokers in banks who tend to range all over in production but I would say on average you have a little lower production in some of those positions. I don’t think that is really the major factor. Certainly we had some built in ramp from the hires over the last year that still will be ongoing this year. I really think this is just a major deficit in terms of recovering the levels that existed on prior assets. Since the asset levels have recovered to a large degree I actually think that we have a great opportunity to see that difference recovered here within the next 12 months. That is a substantial increase in commission activity by itself without some increment from new hires or them reestablishing prior productivity levels. Chet is here too and he is still running all the retail operations. Chet you are probably the best one to comment on this.
Chet Helck: I agree, the late productivity is more impacted by continued fear in the marketplace on the part of retail investors. People are starting to get their legs under them again and some confidence but there is still a great deal of apprehension about a second leg down or some double dip or some other impact that would put them through another decline in asset values and there is fear out there. Consequently there are large cash reserves building. There are people waiting to see what is going to happen. The commission part of our business has not recovered anywhere nearly as robustly as the fee part of our business has. So we have that to look forward to and I think with the increased productivity potential of the people we have recruited which is much higher than our averages were before. There is a great deal of leverage built into our system.
Tom James: I would tell you we are still seeing some move of assets to fixed income in spite of the fact you would have thought the market performance would have gotten a lot of our people back into equity. I would say that a number of our elderly clients, and I can relate to them because I am one of them, the fact is they are looking at those assets and they are saying gee I don’t know if I want to go through the probability that one of these could happen again in my lifetime now that I am 65. Consequently I am going to move more assets to fixed income because I was really under-diversified by demand. I would tell you the clients define that because of prior performance. Now a 10-year period of no real increase or equity value you have to sit back and say to yourself, I would say by the way being a friend that means the next 10 years are going to be good. That’s right. They would conclude that I may only live five more years and even if I live 10 years I don’t want to go through another one of these gyrations. I sort of empathize with that point of view. I know what has happened historically and that is people will continue to invest in equities. I will remind everybody that we forget too soon. When you look back last March there wasn’t a real market for a lot of equity. I always described the behavior of what the stocks were doing as a safe and freefall, falling off the top of a building. There was no way to interrupt it. There was no logic to it other than physical laws. No one should have pushed it off of the roof of the building. The fact is when you see that, that is what causes people uncertainty because they realize it wasn’t rational what happened and they don’t want to be subject to that.
Devin Ryan: You had commented that the bank appears to be on the road to higher profit. Maybe there is some lumpiness in the provisions going forward but can I extrapolate from your comment that it is your expectation the provisions going forward on average should be lower than what we saw this quarter? Essentially no big surprises in volatility or above normal in any one quarter.
Steve Raney: Just a couple of additional points on that. In residential loans we did have an increase in past dues but it was relatively nominal in the aggregate about $1 million in terms of loan balances being higher in terms of our past due. The percentage looks a little bit higher in terms of past dues to total loan as a result of loan balance declines but just so you know the less than 90 day past dues in the residential portfolio are actually down quarter-over-quarter so these loans we would like to think are working their way through the pike. We are continuing to be very cautious in the residential portfolio in terms of another leg down or a double dip in housing. On the corporate side of our portfolio we saw pretty marked improvement across the board but we still remain extremely cautious on commercial real estate. Out of all of this the new deals we did in the quarter out of the 18 I think two were real estate related. So predominately corporate, commercial or industrial focused at this point. All that being said we know over the last 4-5 quarters we have been very aggressive in terms of how we are reserving and charging loans off. As Tom mentioned we would like to think we are starting to head into a more normalized environment. But we are also not here to predict what the next few quarters are going to look like because as you know our portfolio and loan loss reserves and charge offs can be lumpy just given the large nature of some of our credit exposures, particularly in our corporate portfolio.
Tom James: A great example of [inaudible]. I am really proud of you Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christopher Nolan – Maxim Group.
Christopher Nolan: The decline in non-performing assets from the prior quarter was that mostly seen in the commercial real estate portfolio or brokered or what?
Steve Raney: We actually had an increase in residential non-performers of a little over $10 million so the corporate and commercial real estate portfolio in terms of the non-performers actually were down quite a bit. We were down roughly the total reduction was a little over $20 million in non-performing reduction. It was pretty broad. We had some pay downs and one of our commercial real estate loans actually paid off entirely that was non-performing. We had some upgrades of some loans both one corporate loan that was non-performing was put back on accrual status and we have had a couple of upgrades in the commercial real estate portfolio that were upgraded as well. We did have some charge off’s that lowered the balance of non-performing loans so all of those things factored together resulted in a net reduction in non-performers [inaudible] commercial real estate space though.
Christopher Nolan: As a follow-up did the regulatory changes in terms of recognition of non-performers where the loan is performing but the underlying collateral is worth less than the loan…NPA growth from one quarter to the next?
Steve Raney: That had no impact on our results.
Christopher Nolan: Positive or negative do you see any sort of impact from the proposed Obama tax on financial institutions? I am saying benefit from the standpoint you see some talent coming over from the larger banks to Raymond James? I know you commented at length on it and I am completely sympathetic with it. I am just trying to get it more distilled.
Tom James: I really don’t think that it is large enough to impact that very much. It is more of the comp issues and the disaffection that has grown amongst employees, not just financial advisors, with the large institutions that didn’t perform not just because they were large but because the performance was subpar during this period and certainly didn’t conform to their prior opinion that they were situated on a lot of stability. In fact they may have been on rocks of stability but the seawater was rising. So I think there is some of that still going on. They are not really convinced of the commitment in some of these institutions is at the level it ought to be and that some of the institutions have totally lost credibility. I won’t specifically mention them but if you look at where you have the biggest outflows of financial advisors you might get a feel for that. It is also true in the investment banking and public financials at those firms. They have similar levels of discontent arising from the performance. It is just that now that things have stabilized and it looks like a vast majority of firms have gotten rid of TARP, and that is in this special class of those who would be competitors to us. There is just not going to be as much movement but there will continue to be net loss from those firms during this coming year. That is not to say there will be. They are going to start worrying next about margins in their different business units when they get past the survival mentality also. You may see continued activity in terms of exiting certain businesses or you may see a board of directors in some foreign country sitting down and saying we really don’t want to be in that business. We don’t understand that business very well. We haven’t had very good managers in the business. We want out. We would certainly benefit from of that if that happened.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Stelmach – FBR.
Steve Stelmach: Could you circle back on your thoughts on financial regulatory reform. I wasn’t real clear where you stood on the issue. I appreciate the candor.
Tom James: I am for financial reform by the way. I really am. That is the point I was making. I appreciate the one liner though. We need more of those now.
Steve Stelmach: On the bank margins the banks have [been] a little higher clearly than last year. [inaudible] a little higher or by some higher margin. At this point what do we need to see to get that margin to at least stabilize? Is it short term rates or are we looking for something else?
Steve Raney: Just making sure we are on the same page in terms of our reported results here because it may have got lost there, our net interest spreads over the last couple of quarters have actually been very stable. When you take out the effect of the excess cash balances that are in the bank that started in the September quarter and then continued on in the December quarter. We have that excess cash now outside of Raymond James bank and in the other banks that are in the multi-bank suite program. So you take all that out our net interest spreads were roughly 3.37% last quarter and that was one basis point higher than the prior quarter. What we are seeing right now that is going on, the incremental business we are doing in the corporate portfolio is actually accretive to margins but as Tom mentioned we are seeing more demand than there is supply. We have seen where we were for many quarters where there were very high LIBOR floors with much higher spreads we are seeing that start to come in just slightly and we are seeing more buyers and therefore our allocations in the primary deal will be cut back. Still that being said the incremental business we are doing is actually a net positive to spreads in the corporate portfolio. On the residential side it has been somewhat stable but maybe slightly down in terms of loans that are coming up for reset. They are coming off of their initial 5-year fixed rate period and then they are resetting to the reset rate which is slightly lower than what it was before. The net/net of that is we think our margins are going to be somewhat stable. In the bank we would be negatively impacted by rising short-term rates but I think that would be offset at the rest of the firm. It is not a big impact though because most of our assets are floating rate and we would benefit in the corporate portfolio it really wouldn’t be an impact. It would impact our residential portfolio from rising rates.
Tom James: I would conclude that absent all the problems in the economy the fact is what we are doing and you can look at it on an individual loan basis all the way through just generally what is going on in loan classes, etc. the rates of return on equity currently are not where they ought to be given anything like these spreads. So as you see some normalization occur if that is the correct outlook you are going to see higher rates of return on equity and Steve certainly likes double digits. He gets real fired up. There is a lot of latent potential on that front as well as from ramping up lending balances.
Steve Stelmach: On capital allocation the bank I think began higher capital last year. It seems like you are pretty close to where you want to be in terms of capital. Incremental capital, where do you think it goes? Is it on the retail side? Institutional? Back to the bank?
Tom James: Well I didn’t mention our proprietary activity. We expect to be making some transactions on the proprietary front as the demand or capital, so we continue to look at outside private equity investments as part of our overall rate of return kind of investing but also assisting in the investment banking activities we have got. So there is some demand from that sector of the business and I would tell you we are seeing pretty good transactions. So potential transactions. I think there is going to be good opportunity there for us. As a practical matter as you know we limit our capital allocation to those kinds of assets unlike some of our higher learning institutions did prior to the market decline and then the illiquidity they are now bemoaning. I think we are going to continue to have some demand there and on that front where we will put some money. I think we are going to have enough capital generated from retained earnings and from existing sources. That $300 million addition was actually a good idea. It wasn’t just totally for a buffer fund in the event of continuing difficult times. I think we have enough capital actually to allocate things like additional foreign offices if we decide to do that or to make a smaller firm acquisition. There is certainly bank lines out there we are not even bothering currently to utilize that we could utilize or new ones we could establish for specific purposes in the event we want to do something. We have been told that by some of our banks. So I don’t really see a shortage of capital. It is just we are going to be tough. If you look, for example, at the merchant markets at these levels you have to be a little concerned that if there is a decline anywhere as China recently indicated there is reason for concern in some of those markets that have run up a lot. We have to be very careful in terms of how we deploy capital even where we think we see great opportunity. We are not going to be just rushing off a cliff to do these things. We are looking at a lot of things again though and it will be subject, as I said, to the long-range planning meeting. I think a lot of the recovery, for example, in PCG, doesn’t really require capital commitment of anything like what we have been making over the last couple of years. So I think we are going to be fine.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of  Hugh Miller – Sidoti.
Hugh Miller: Do you know what the cost implications at the bank from the expected rise in OREO properties you alluded to in the press release?
Steve Raney: It is still a relatively small and manageable number of properties that are currently in non-performing that will be working their way into foreclosure and into OREO. It is a manageable number. I don’t have a figure for you. It shouldn’t be a huge impact to our overall earnings and we have budgeted and are planning for an increase in OREO expense both in the actual ongoing management of those properties and also as we have seen in the past we have taken some charges, we didn’t have any write down of OREO in the December quarter but we have had a write down of OREO properties in prior periods. So we are factoring that into our operation.
Hugh Miller: I know there was a question asked before about provision levels on a go-forward basis. I was wondering if you could talk a bit about barring any type of double dip in the economy and with where we are yet you are still cautious on the CRE cycle as we move forward but how comfortable you are with the notion that September’s NPA levels could represent a peak as we look back a year from now?
Steve Raney: Absent having a lumpy…we could have a couple of loans go on non-accrual that could be a big number and have another spike. Obviously we don’t feel like we have anything like that identified or has already been put on non-accrual. We are still at risk for having something like that fall out of bed, so to speak, and have to be put on non-performing and it still could impact the numbers and as I mentioned we did have $10 million increase in non-performers in our residential portfolio. I think there is still some risk we could have an increase so it is hard for me to handicap what that is going to look like going forward. Obviously we would like to think we have seen the peak in the September quarter but that may not be the case.
Hugh Miller: With regard to the equity capital markets business, obviously you have been doing some opportunistic hiring. It seems as though you are positive on the outlook with regard to increased activity as we head further into 2010. Can you talk about I guess following the hiring you have done how you feel about the opportunity to not only benefit from any increase in activity but also just maybe gaining some market share as we move forward?
Tom James: On the equity capital markets front clearly there aren’t as many players in the small and mid cap space. As activity picks up generally the big funds will be less apt to participate in some of these smaller transactions they have been involved in lately and then they just sort of go away after the deal. It is sort of incredible what happens in these time frames. I think if you look at our SBU groups with our largest businesses being energy, real estate, financial services, we have a pretty good healthcare practice, these are going to be vibrant areas for additional finance going forward and we are trying to expand our consumer presence and some of the other activities which we think are mainly [inaudible] currently that will pick up. So I actually think we have a good chance to increase the space and our market share if the market is as attractive as it is now and you see the private equity firms where we have a massive effort in terms of calling on that marketplace, etc. for IPOs and just generally we are seeing people…I had somebody in my office this week who made an appointment to come in to ask me how the equity markets were working and what his timeframe ought to be and where his hurdle rate of activity needed to be to do a public offering. That just demonstrates to me anecdotally that we are beginning to come out of this very quiet period and while it is still a little fragile just because it is hard to tell whether you are going to have a correction here or not, I actually think we are going to see a pretty good ramp up in business for all these firms in this business and we are in a particularly good place. When you look at our retail distribution which is more important than a lot of firms advertise in terms of who you want to have own your stock in an initial offering, or who will own your stock because of the interest or the type of security and European institutional sales and US institutional sales and global research we are building we are seeing underwriting assignments in Brazil and Argentina. I think that we are in a good place. Canada is going to pick up on the investment banking front too. I think the business has changed a little bit currently so when those big firms going down and doing these transactions including five or six co-managers and maybe having two senior lead managers or so that makes for a very small percentage allocations at the co-manager levels. That is hurting us more and that change has hurt us more than about anything I would tell you. It is not because people don’t respect our research in our business. Quite the contrary. I expect our institutional conference in March to be sort of record levels of interest and participation. I think there is a lot of opportunity but we are at that kind of position where you are in between making it to another plateau in terms of levels of investment banking activity and we earned that on our research base but we haven’t yet earned that in terms of direct competition for the underwriting assignments. That is what is going to be the differentiating factor going forward. We have to do better. We will do better.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joel Jeffrey – KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: In terms of the fewer opportunities you are seeing on the commercial loan purchases, is that really being driven by larger banks generating fewer loans at this time or is it just more competition for the loans?
Steve Raney: I would say more the former than the latter. But we have had our allocations cut down on several deals we have done in the last few months quite substantially in terms of us committing 25 and getting 12 but the deal flow is slower right now kind of in our sweet spot in terms of credit quality. Once again we are hoping that the overall economic environment and capital markets will continue to fuel M&A activity and therefore deal flow for us. There are opportunities in the secondary market. We have added to certain positions and taken on a few new things in the secondary market but as Tom alluded to earlier prices have moved up substantially kind of across the broad senior loan market probably 30 points in the last 12 months.
Tom James: Arising like a phoenix is the high yield bond market and public securities and the fact is as you might expect a number of borrowers are concerned about having too much commitment to bank loans that have shorter terms when they can go out further with less terms and conditions and the good ones qualify to do that. The fact is some of these companies are quality credit, the DD type credit quality companies, but often because of size and not because of quality of the company. They are looking at this and saying maybe it is worthwhile to pay the premium to get the term commitment and have more flexibility with respect to using banks and future financings.
Steve Raney: Rates haven’t been terribly…LIBOR is 100 basis points plus 400 you are looking at a floating rate of 5% or something like that.
Tom James: If you go out even like we did and do an 8 or an 8.50 that is not much premium to pay for that much more freedom. I think that is part of the cause. I also really believe and you need to keep this in mind that the companies have really battened down the hatches. They have cut costs and gotten rid of employees. They have improved their balance sheets and they can pay back bank lines even if they intend to go back into the bank markets when things pick up. So we had some of that happening right now too. You add that to the natural disinclination of any financial institution to make a loan that has any risk associated with it, real risk of non-payment, you are not going to get a lot of it. I would not blame it all on banks not making loans. They are not making loans because demand is declining too. As we see business pick up that will reverse. I expect that to happen but it is not going to be an overnight process.
Steve Raney: I would also add I think we have talked about this before that about 1/3 of our corporate borrowers have an institutional relationship with the firm either research and/or equity capital markets. In the December quarter about 75% of the deals we did were actually with firm clients. You will probably see that percentage of our borrowers that have another relationship with the firm increase over time. We think that is obviously good client selection tool and we won’t be exclusively doing that but it will be a larger percentage of our new business will be other relationships with the firm.
Tom James: In fairness that also reflects the fact that issuers are more sensitive to trying to make relationships with people who have equity offering capability and also can join that with lending capability and looking to maintain a group of relationships that are all similarly capable so they don’t have to maintain ten relationships. They are more sure that those financial providers stay on top of the stocks, the right research and are just as sensitive to making sure the overall capital balances are right at the firm as the issuer is. So I think that is going on all over the world and it certainly hasn’t slowed down as a result of what we have just been through.
Joel Jeffrey: As a follow-up to that, given what you said about the relationship aspect of this and I realize this could be a complete seat change in strategy but would you ever consider building out a [inaudible] capability to take care of this?
Tom James: Oh yes. We have talked about that on numerous occasions. That is mainly a consequence of what size we are in and what new products or processes we are adding at the bank. That is in the foreseeable future I would tell you. We would do some of that for our client base. It is almost competitively necessary that we begin to consider doing that.
Joel Jeffrey: Lastly, when you talked about the impact of higher interest rates on the private client business and the increase in net interest income how should we think about that falling to the bottom line? Would the comp ratio on client go down or is this sort of all factored into the advisor’s comp rate?
Tom James: I don’t think the comp ratio would change too much. The advisors share modestly and some of the advisors and some of the products share some of the interest spread but that is not going to impact the comp ratio too much. We are trying to get our hands around better sensitivity analysis of interest rates but the positive impact on the private client group would be more than the negative impact on the bank of a modest rise in interest rates. So we think that the first couple of raises would be a net positive to the overall firm although again we have again a positive on one hand and a negative on another segment so it wouldn’t be as dramatic as it would have been in the past before we had the bank.
Steve Raney: I actually think that where you are going to see comp ratio go down a little bit is mainly in the GNA section of the PCG as the productivity levels are restored and indeed they increase above prior levels. That will lower some of the overall costs but it is not going to be a tremendously large factor from either source I would tell you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Tom James: We would like to thank all of you for participating. We look forward again to continuing seeing manifestations of the overall longer term trends that we are forecasting will occur here. Thanks so much. If you agree with some of the comments I made don’t be afraid to get on the pulpit. Thanks very much.
Operator: This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-07-24 08:15:00) =====
Tom James: Welcome everyone to our third quarter analyst conference call. I’m joined this morning by our COO, Chet Helck; our CFO, Jeff Julien; the Bank President, Steve Raney; and our Controller and Chief Numbers Person, Jennifer Ackert; as well as our Attorney, Paul Matecki, who is here to make sure that if I get off the reservation, we’ll you update our public disclosures. As we reported yesterday afternoon late, we had what I would describe as a reasonable quarter given the condition of the market in the June quarter. As we all are well aware, the market conditions were much better than they were in the March quarter. As I sort of reflected with Larry Kudlow yesterday, part of that is all market driven it’s not actually as good as you might hope given that kind of a circumstance in the marketplace, because you didn’t get a lot of revenue enhancement as a result of the market improvement. As some of you pointed out in your write-ups, the bad debt provisions or the loan loss expense provisions were back to a more-normal rate from aberrational rate that we had in the prior quarter that related to one specifically extremely large write-down, which we think may not have even been justified in the way the deal was structured, but happens on occasion. I will say more about that when I get to the bank discussion. It so what you really had there was you had a decline in net revenues of size and you had from last year clearly a substantial decline of 16% and 6% increase from the preceding quarter. I might have summarized, given the data that we had that you might have gotten revenues up in double-digits as a result of the improvement in the market, especially given the number of underwritings that we have participated in which, unfortunately, didn’t generate a lot of revenues, cost controls were good. The securities commissions and fees they were up 10% from the immediately preceding quarter, but down 16% from last year’s comparable period, which, as I cited in our public press release, was the best quarter that we’ve ever had in both revenues and net income. So, tough comparison, investment banking, as I said, was down 43% from last year, but up only 14% from the immediately preceding quarter. Investment advisory fees where there has been a substantial decrease in revenues and, I might also add a decrease in expenses as a result of cost control measures in the department. That all reflects assets under management, principally valued at the end of the March quarter as we bill forward for retail accounts and for some institutional accounts, but most of them are billed in arrears. So, the increase in the market value will be reflected in fee increases received by both the money management operation and by the financial advisors for this quarter and those assets were up about 19% for billing purposes during the quarter. Interest earnings remain depressed at the broker-dealer as a result of that the continued low rates that the government is maintaining as I have described, to supplement bank earnings. Net trading profits continued to be robust, all essentially being generated by fixed income as a result of increased volume of transactions and sort of a general salubrious environment for the bond markets as it spreads tightened a little bit. Financial service fees have roughly remained constant during the period. The other revenues were up. Jennifer, any specific comment you’d like to make to describe that increase?
Jennifer Ackert: The largest increase in other revenue is related to a write-off within our merchant banking portfolio, Proprietary Capital.
Tom James: So Proprietary Capital, transaction differentials in valuations.
Jennifer Ackert: One item to note is there’s a large portion of that, that’s eliminated in minority interest.
Tom James: Yes. Now, it’s one of these consolidated transactions and we actually only owned 22% of a $12 million increase, and so you get a big number in the increase that is consolidated and then eliminated below the line. This is an unfortunate fallout from the Enron situation, where some of these consolidations for statement purposes are obfuscating rather than helpful for interpreting data. So as I said, expenses were pretty well contained. Tax rates remain high because of COLI non-deductibility issues that affected it income. So rather than run in the 38% or 39% range, they were over 40% again, and that’s more a function of what’s actually happening in those valuations of securities, etc. So as I said, the earnings were good, but not outstanding. When you look at the segments, we are up across the board in pre-tax income for all of our segments from the immediately preceding quarter and again, we’re down across the board for the comparison to last year’s comparable quarter. In the Private Client Group, which remains weak, and I think I’d point out one of the reasons. The June quarter of last year was very good, it tends to be a lag in terms of what the reaction in Private Client Group activity is to the market. As you have, what I describe as Chinese water torture in declining markets, clients become less and less active, more concerned generally about the market. At the other end, their concern tends to not be affected by a short term rally for fear that it might be a bear market trap or something of that nature takes them a while to get more positive. So we actually had a 48% drop from the prior year, even though it was a 57% increase. It was still a relatively small number given in my description that our business is 60% to 65% Private Client Group. So when you see Private Client Group really recover, you would see a much more dramatic shift in terms of that profit contribution, just as an analytical fact that probably applies generally and not just to our firm for your consideration. Capital Markets as I mentioned, our investment banking numbers showed relatively weak here, because we didn’t generate as much revenue from this increased transaction activity. We participated in most of the refinancing in some of the energy refinancings, but the lead transactions weren’t significant enough to make a major increase, even from the immediately preceding quarter. M&A activity was relatively light. As you know, we announced we had acquired Lane Berry. They actually had a couple of transactions in the quarter of a small nature that impacted those numbers also, but essentially it’s fixed income still driving all of capital markets. I don’t know how much longer this lasts. In the last couple of weeks, activity has slowed a little bit, still above budget rates for the year. I would expect that some of these spreads are going to decline as well as have some activity decline, although part of that will be offset in our case via the Memphis office that we opened and built this financial services and financial institution practice, which obviously is constrained by the condition of the banks and as the banks improve their financial condition, I would expect that will also increase, perhaps offsetting some of the other activities. Emerging Markets let me just go through the securities first and then I’ll come to the bank. Emerging Markets continued to experience a loss, albeit generated principally by some lower assets in our French asset management sub, which are improving now and by the relative lackluster performance of the Argentine economy and stock market. We are also investing in the Brazilian marketplace we’ve added to our analyst team there. We have participated in one major offering as an international co-manager; and we have a second one approved. So we’re already having impact in the Brazilian market, which of course, is far larger and more active than the Argentine marketplace, hence our efforts to sort of Latin Americanize what had heretofore been principally an Argentine operation in Latin America. So we actually hope to see some improvement, certainly in 2010 from that marketplace. I don’t expect much change currently as we built our reputation as a Latin American research source and not just as an Argentine research source. So, the Proprietary Capital didn’t have any impact in the quarter. So essentially, those are the securities activities at the bank level. The first thing you should keep in mind that I tried to focus on in the public press release is that, the bank loans shrunk during the quarter, partially as a result of the REIT pay downs. $100 million, $200 million came from normal corporate loan, pay downs that weren’t renewed it’s not that there isn’t any renewal activity or new loan activity, and the $175 million is just normal pay down of our residential portfolio. So that $475 million decline is pretty well balanced across our portfolio. That also results, by the way, in a reversal of some of the provisions for the size of the bank portfolio, because some of those loan loss provisions are set by mathematical formula based on total loans outstanding as opposed to any specific loan problems that might exist. The amount of loan loss reserves over $29 million that we’ve reported in the public press release actually increased the percentage of reserves outstanding, because we did some things like change classifications of unsecured loans to increase unsecured loan loss normal reserves, etc., and continued to build reserves as a methodology as opposed to just having passthrough of actual loan loss experience. So we pretty well run through what you can due to the commercial real estate portfolio. Any exposure in that portfolio other than in some continuing decline in value in the residential market would have to come from substantial weakening in the corporate sector. We don’t really believe given our portfolio that this should be viewed as an abnormally low reserve, but as I kind of warned in the comments, these write-downs are volatile in nature because one or two large loans can result in a pretty large provision if it catches you by surprise. We try not to get caught by surprise and establish reserves on an individual loan basis as soon as they are indicated, but it is possible that can happen, as it did not in this quarter, but in the immediately preceding quarter. So, I actually think that this is a reasonable loan loss provision. You can talk to Steve about that later. That the strategy here is we’re kind of letting some of this loan pay down run off for the moment until we reach our targeted 12% plus or minus 0.5% kind of goal objective for capital at the bank. If you read our capital statistics, you will see that they are reasonably high compared to the competition. This happens to be not a regulatory dictated number to us much as it is our own number. We continue to proceed in hopes of completing our conversion to a bank holding company. We have a team of coming in August from the Fed to do what I would have thought they would have done in January when they kind of did a more perfunctory kind of investigation and came in with one analyst who spent some time here now they’ve got, I don’t know, 15 coming, so they are doing thorough reviews we’ve already been subjected to OTS and the OCC reviews. So, the OTS only because, since we don’t know what the timing of this is, we have to be prepared to remain a regulated by the OTS at fiscal year end in September in the event that the conversion is not completed. We are trying to prepare for both, but this has been surprisingly long, given the amount of time that we have as an estimate by the regulators when we started all of this. So, there aren’t any specific problems here at the bank that should cause any difficulty at all. So, maybe once this investigation is finished, this will actually be expedited and OCC will feel comfortable with their fellow regulatory due diligence performed by the OTS, but as you can tell from some of the internal bickering between the FDIC and the other regulators, they are not always on the same page precisely on what the strategies are with respect to these issues. So we will then, by the way, when we reach this objective, begin to grow the bank. You will recall that we shut off new deposits to the bank some time ago. We will effectively only because we don’t really have to do this the same way we’ve done it in the past, will open up deposits and increase deposits as we’re going to be in one of these waterfall sweeps where some of the deposits that we don’t have used in our bank will go to other banks, which will give more FDIC insurance availability to our clients for their cash accounts. I think we will still be able to learn at least the kinds of returns we have in bank interest rates even before rates tend to go up again. So, which, by the way, even before Bernanke recent comments, I didn’t really expect it was going to happen until perhaps a year from now, simply because they want to have add more income to the US bank balance sheet, if you will, through providing higher net interest to absorb losses over this period as the individual loan losses at those banks that were described, I thought, well in the Wells Fargo release, as exemplars of what’s really going on in the marketplace. As you know, our statistics are still far better than the major banks. So for one, I’m satisfied that the game plan is on track here at the bank. As we have reported to you, if you accumulate all of those kinds of projections over the next two years. We expect based on reasonable sensitivity testing that operating earnings over the next couple of years will more than cover any losses. We actually expect for a better results from that, because we think we stress them at a levels that we shouldn’t have to undergo. It’s my own personal belief, which may or may not be right. Although, I’m basically positive about a general trend up, I think it’s going to be very slow. I don’t see any immediate return to ebullient markets, although they tend to surprise people, when you go through periods like this. So we’re sort of prepared for anything either way in terms of our own thought process and the reason, why I hesitate and have always hesitated. It’s not just generated by these times to ever make comments in terms of what earnings might or might not be in the future, since they’re determined principally by factors outside of the firm’s control. I would also say on the asset management side, that our performance of our managers has been consistently higher than benchmarks. We had one of our best quarters in history in terms of attracting assets last quarter. We are anticipating a lot more institutional activity, especially in our Eagle Boston sub, which is a small and small-mid manager that has capacity. We have an excellent track record and even our laggard core activities and cap up mutual funds are substantially above benchmarks, numbers like top 3% of performance, 10% over benchmarks year-to-date, things like that. So as long as the market doesn’t hurt us, from here forward, think that the asset management sub margins will begin to rise. Essentially a lot of this income falls to the bottom line. High percentage falls to the bottom line, because we’re sort of on the cusp of all expenses covered making money, but getting back to our 30% normal margins requires more assets under management. So I’m thoroughly bullish about the outlook in that business, but again it’s totally dependent on the market. The assets under administration have made a good recovery for two reasons. One, of course the market rally that we have experienced, this quarter we’re reporting on and so far this quarter, based on corporate earnings We have also added dramatically to our sales force. I have reported a 150 net addition to our sales force during the last quarter. That’s kind of consistent with year-to-date rate. So we have continued to add high quality, large producers. We’re adding them about equally to the independent contractor and the employee based firms. Our other subs, RJIS in the U.K. and RJ Ltd. in Canada, have also added our sales force here, and we continue to recruit in those marketplaces. We have reduced front end payments, so far without much reduction in activity. Thanks to the chaos at some of the other broker dealers, from which we have benefited that it’s sort of across the board, what I would tell you is the activity, so the retail firms, whether it’s Stifel, Edward Jones, ourselves, other firms, tend to be doing a very good job of building out their platforms during this down period, which should augur very well for improved results when these conditions ameliorate and I think that’s going to happen, if it hasn’t happened already and it’s just a question of time. This is kind of like a patient going through convalescence. Some of it is just time and we do need some more time to go by. However, I think the outlook is good. As I said, we’ve grown our equity capital markets staff. Pretty much, I think we are well poised to take advantage of any of these improvements that are going to come here in the future. I do have Paul Reilly onboard. He doesn’t happen to be in here this morning, but Paul is sort of shadowing me in all our meetings. He’s been here since May. He is working on a financial structure. As you know, we have, as a project, as you know, we have filed a shelf registration and when and if conditions enable us, we will probably add long-term capital of some sort, albeit an unsecured line that we have now available to us that hasn’t been tapped at all. Cash positions are running in good shape. There continue to be a number of opportunities in the marketplace that are worthy of consideration that, given our conservative nature, we have avoided thus far and obviously we still are hopeful that this ARS situation improves dramatically in the not-too-distant future, given the fact that we have two filings, two registration statements from Nuveen to use this new method of using shorter term notes to refinance their outstanding ARSs, which make up about 70% of our outstanding balances of $800 million. So we would substantially lower the outstanding balances and I think probably more heat would be applied to the other sponsors who haven’t taken action and hopefully, some of these municipalities will be in a position where they can refinance some of theirs too. We continue to be subject to review, although no action has been taken by both the state of Florida and the SEC. Again, I will point out that we had more disclosure than other firms did on this front and we do not think that general templates should apply to us, albeit the regulators don’t necessarily agree with us. So I can’t tell you what the final outcome of that will be. There’s also been a lot of press, which I hope you are abreast of, with respect to leveraged ETFs, which would be the only other negative on the horizon of major import, where we were one of the earliest firms to restrict their use when we saw the volume of those securities transactions go up. Our compliance department sort of led the charge on the finding that the correlations weren’t there for the performance versus sort of the advertised benefit of using some of these leveraged ETFs, which has now received press. Originally, they were very attractive as hedging devices and as a matter of fact, a lot of clients would and do elect to use some of them, even though we specifically advised them not to do it. They have to do sign-offs to continue doing any of this here, because we don’t think that they’re nearly as effective as one on ones have been. So they were never designed for long term investment purposes. So they really don’t perform like people expect them to perform and actually, if you want to really lay blame on this one, I’d blame it on the regulators and the New York Stock Exchange and other sponsors of these securities who did not foresee that this correlation might be bad based upon whatever historical testing they did, and certainly didn’t step into the marketplace to take action on appropriately timed basis. So unfortunately, given regulators’ history what they have attempted to do often is blame this on other people and try to hold them responsible for this activity. Our balances are off by more than 75% since we found this problem in the marketplace. And we have continued to monitor and reduce exposure in our clients’ portfolios of these, albeit sometimes not without arguments with the clients about it. So if you haven’t plugged that one into your concerns for the industry, you should. I don’t know what the relevant performance of other firms is in this area. Other than that, I would tell you that things are very positive and we’re moving forward. I’d like to open this for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Devin Ryan - Sandler O’Neill.
Devin Ryan: Question for Steve. With the agent banks finishing the SNC review, can you give us any color on kind of what you’re hearing about particular credits and just how you felt you were marked in light of that and just any of the color, that you’ve received so far?
Tom James: We have not gotten the results of the Shared National Credit exam. We would expect that in late August, early September. We are in conversations with the agent banks on these credits and we attempt on every single loan, where they may have already had the results of the report on the examination on that particular credit, so that we try to match up our risk ratings and reserves accordingly. In some cases, those reviews have been completed and in some cases, they haven’t. In some cases, actually, the agent won’t share that information with us. So obviously, what we’re trying to do is make sure we don’t wind up this quarter with any surprises. We have been very diligent about downgrading loans in a very timely fashion. I would also mention that our third party loan review company has already reviewed about 40% of the dollars of our corporate portfolio. They’re going to be here in August, to review about another 30%. So this fiscal year, our third party loan review company would have reviewed about 70% of the dollars of our portfolio, but you point about the Shared National Credit exam is a very relevant. We’re trying to make sure we don’t wind up with any surprises this quarter in terms of the examiners differing with our risk ratings.
Jeff Julien: Again, Steve you would point out based on the 40%, you’ve been through and what you’ve looked at that we’re in good shape. Our percentages continue to be much lower than the national averages.
Tom James: Devin, just one more thing; as you can imagine, every loan that we would have on our watch on worst list has already been reviewed by the third party loan review company.
Devin Ryan: Then just in terms of the decline in loan balances, if I missed this. Was that primarily treated to REITs paying down credit lines with them raising equity in the quarter? Or were there [Multiple Speakers]?
Tom James: There was $100 million of that, $200 million in other corporate loans, and $175 million in residential.
Devin Ryan: Then just finally, looking at the investment advisory, it looks like revenues declined about 29% from last quarter, while AUM increased. Just want to get some color of what’s going on here. Was it a mix issue or just some color there? It would be helpful.
Tom James: Again, the way we bill on these is, we bill forward for all of the retail accounts, so the revenues that we received this quarter were based on March valuations. The revenues we’ve receive next quarter will be based on June valuations. So fees are expected to be up 19% over last quarter. So actually, there’s been a substantial improvement there. We were actually modeling low, further declines in market value for this June quarter and for the September quarter. We’re no longer obviously doing that and the goal of the head of asset management has always been not to experience a loss in any quarter. So he manages in accordance with that as sort of a downside stop limit, and he has done a good job, I would tell you, in terms of reducing expenses. So we should have pretty good leverage on the upside, but that’s the reason for the decline. The decline is based on those March lows, so…
Jeff Julien: There’s a compounding factor too, there, Devin, in the current quarter is that the money market fees given the dynamics of the money market funds, those fees are substantially being waved at this point in time.
Tom James: Yes. So essentially, the money market impact here is disappeared on the income side. As you should be aware, I’ve described this as sort of an actual plan on the regulators part to move money out of money market funds into the banking system. A lot of that has happened. It hadn’t happened here. We’ve just waived the fees and maintained balances at a pretty consistent level. When we open up this waterfall sweep alternative, I would expect more money to move out of the money markets substantially and probably, our SIP balances will be maintained at a competitive rate. So I don’t expect as much or any movement from those balances out of where they currently exist, but that’s what I meant about the securities firm really suffering from the absence of a lot of interest earnings that they had benefit it from in the past, they do earn a good spreads to margin loans. On deposits that are invested overnight, you probably have, margins down from 60 basis points plus 20, beyond any of your excess capital. That's happening that the Stock Loan activity is considerably off given the market and those spreads are narrower than they have been, unless you happen to have a good book in your customer holdings of securities that are hard to borrow. As you can tell in our earnings there, they've retained profitability, but the level of profits are down considerably, so the interest factor in the brokerage industry, which was supplying, depending on the firm, somewhere between 30% and 55% or 60% of overall pretax profits has virtually disappeared, other than the margin portion and margin balances have declined, reflecting concern with clients. I mean, when you look at our $195 billion in assets, we’re slightly over $1 billion in margin loans. So it’s a very low relationship to total assets. We always like to think that we’re around one and we are considerably below 1 and appropriately so, if you are worried about managing your risk in your securities portfolio, if you think there is downside risk, you pay off margin accounts. I think that’s nationwide. I don’t think that we’re the only firm that has experienced this kind of shrinkage, but when you are looking at trying to figure out what are the leveraged effects that you get when markets improve or return to, quote, normal, end quote, whatever the hell that is, the fact is, these net interest earnings are one of the ballooning factors that will really enhance retail firm activity and profits.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin - Pali Futures.
Douglas Sipkin: Just had, I guess, two subsets of questions. First, I guess for Steve on the bank stuff and then moving over to the retail broker and the capital markets stuff, as it relates to the bank stuff, you guys have any idea of how much paydowns you maybe expecting going forward? I know some of that can be dependent upon the equity markets being strong, but any sense of if we can continue to see some of this trend that we saw this quarter with the big decline in loans?
Chet Helck: Yes, I would think, Doug, that the residential portfolio would remain relatively constant in terms of the level of paydowns. The activities around the REITs in particular has slowed a little bit, but we have actually already experienced some additional paydowns on some corporates. We’ve actually had a couple of project finance real estate loans that we were the construction lender on that have actually paid out as a result of the takeout stepping to the table per the original agreement. So, to the extent that the capital markets remain open for some of these industries. What we did see in the last quarter, most notably some of our gaming credits and also some of our energy credits took advantage of capital raises and paydowns. So, to the extent that the markets remain open, we would anticipate paydowns maybe not as high as last quarter, but still substantial.
Douglas Sipkin: Would you be able to give me the updated loan balance right now? Or do we have to wait for the monthly release?
Tom James: No, we’re not going to get into daily releases of loan balances.
Douglas Sipkin: I notice that you guys sold a non-accrual loan, and that played a role in some of the charge-offs. Is that something you are going to be looking to do on some of these non-performing credits is that an indication that there’s some more liquidity in the markets right now?
Chet Helck: That was somewhat of a unique situation of a rather large credit, a multibillion-dollar loan, where there was kind of a more active market. We elected to go ahead and sell our position in its entirety at a discount. That loan, by the way, was reserved at 31% as of March 31. So, we had already taken a pretty substantial amount in terms of our provisioning against that.
Tom James: We actually plan to reserve more than what the total loss was, so in our own mind, it was a good sales price.
Douglas Sipkin: Then, just thinking about the provision in general, how much flexibility, do you guys have with your auditors. The reason I mention that, obviously, investors want to see that reserve build go higher and higher and higher, but on the same end, you guys can only provision as much as your auditors would let you. Given the improvement in the capital markets, are you guys fighting with them right now to maybe be provisioning a little bit more? I was a little surprised; I thought the provision number would be higher. Obviously, you did get a big loan paydown, so that helped some of it.
Chet Helck: There’s really not any arguments’ regarding our ability to increase reserves. We are doing this loan-by-loan and provisioning it that way. We did, as Tom mentioned, we did change some methodology in the prior quarter to actually bolster our reserves. That contributed about $4.5 million to actually increasing our loan loss reserves just by a result of that methodology change. So, there’s really not any pushback from the auditor at this point.
Tom James: Their attitude has changed, given the scenario in the financial markets over the last year. They don’t tend to be as resistant as they would have been heretofore. They wouldn’t allowed us to do what we are doing now, your question is well conceived, but, as I said, we’re actually not experiencing anything that’s why I say, they would have pushed back that would have justified some of the levels that we are establishing.
Douglas Sipkin: In terms of maybe you guys even wanting to go above and beyond, you feel like I guess right now you are doing that and they’re sort of letting you.
Tom James: How I would describe it.
Douglas Sipkin: Then just finally, on the bank, and this may not be a bank question, you mentioned the shelf wasn’t real clear what the goals of a potential long term capital raise, would it be to bolster capital and reserves, essentially or would it be maybe do something strategically? Because I got the sense maybe you were thinking about doing something in your comments.
Tom James: I would say there’s no current plan to do anything strategically. It’s just there are a lot of opportunities out there. This is just a reflection of our conservative bent, where we would like to have a surfeit of free cash for whatever purpose. Let’s just suppose that we had an attractive acquisition that we might even estimate that we were buying at one or two time’s cash flow three years out. We would like to make that acquisition within a reasonable level, but we certainly would not deplete the kind of capital balance we have now that we view as a conservative buffer for normal operations, but we wouldn’t deplete it to do that. So, we probably would tell you, if we had our choice, we would like a couple hundred million more around. We would not choose to dilute our stock at these prices to do that, unless there were no alternative and we needed it more than we needed it now. So, you can be pretty sure that unless the stock increases in value a lot, which I don’t have any reason to anticipate until the markets improve, that we would not choose that option. So we looked more at longer term fixed income as the best alternative for that.
Douglas Sipkin: Just a couple more questions, on the retail and capital markets side. So, just so I understand, the bulk of the asset management revenues and fee-based revenues in the retail business are all priced on beginning AUM or beginning assets, so to speak?
Tom James: Yes.
Douglas Sipkin: So, can you give us an idea of how fee-based assets, or maybe you can just give us, I guess, I know it’s sort of specific, but in your $406 million commissions and fees, can you give us the number, what was retail fee-based revenues in that $406 million?
Tom James: I don’t have that in front of me. Jennifer, do you know the answer to that question? We’ll try to dig that up. Go into your next question, Doug.
Douglas Sipkin: Yes, okay or maybe just the fee-based assets. I know you guys have provided that at analyst days in the past.
Tom James: Yes, we do provide that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Actually in the book.
Tom James: Actually, that’s in…
Douglas Sipkin: Is that in your, I don’t think you give it in your releases, though. Maybe it’s…
Tom James: It is on our monthly releases.
Douglas Sipkin: The fee-based client assets?
Tom James: Yes.
Jennifer Ackert: So are you looking for client assets?
Douglas Sipkin: Yes, fee-based retail brokerage client assets.
Jennifer Ackert: We have total client assets and we have assets under management, but fee-based I don’t have a separate number for.
Tom James: Almost all of the assets under management are fee-based these days on the retail side. No, those are, but we have both managed and unmanaged.
Douglas Sipkin: I can go back to the investor day. I think you guys do provide some color with it there, and I can make some assumptions. Okay. That’s very helpful. So I guess what you’re saying, then I mean, that the fee-based revenues in retail and asset management will be…
Tom James: The number I gave you that sort of 19% increase in fees would include that. So…
Douglas Sipkin: No, I understand, yes. What I’m trying to gather is what were those revenues this quarter? So we can sort of get an idea of what they would be next quarter?
Jennifer Ackert: About a third of the securities commissions and fees is wrapped fee-based.
Douglas Sipkin: That’s perfect. Thank you very much.
Jennifer Ackert: Not all of it is discretionary asset managed accounts, but various wrapped fee programs.
Tom James: Asset based fees.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. I remember you guys mentioning that you were slowing down the hiring, and I could be wrong and then it looks like you…
Tom James: What we did was, we cut our front money offers in both firms, so that the transition assistance that we give in the independent contractor side was much lower anyway, but on the front money for employees, we also have cut back substantially. As I said, it hasn’t slowed down our. Our home office visits, I think we’ve done 360 of them so far this year for just the employee-based firm. The activity, as I said, is about the same in both in terms of net adds, so it’s still robust. We couldn’t increase it even if we wanted to because of the difficulty of trying to do all the transition work that we’re doing now, given our own penchants for keeping costs pretty much under control. So it’s unlikely that you would see us ramp the 250 financial advisors a quarter, for example.
Douglas Sipkin: No, I mean the reason why I ask is, because it’s a big ramp this quarter. Is it because this was a great time with the Morgan Stanley and Citigroup deal and Merrill Lynch Bank of America? Or is it you guys saying, “Hey, we’re feeling a little bit better; let’s go out and do more now”. Which one was it?
Tom James: No, it’s the former. It’s the conditions in the marketplace, probably as chaotic as they’ve been in anytime I can remember, especially amongst those kinds of brokers that you would consider long termers that have decided to leave with 20 year histories and things like that, those kinds of financial advisors. Part of it is a momentum thing; once you hire some groups of these large teams, they tend to influence others that they know at the firm and other people move as a result. Now, I would tell you, as you know, from the Morgan Stanley/Citi deal, those that stick around and get the top producers, now, that stick around and get their 60% or 70% retention deals in January, are going to be less likely to move after January for some period of time. So, I actually think that, at least in the case of those firms, that activity will slow down. Of course, that’s the intent of the deal. However, up until then, I really don’t see it slowing down the pipeline remains pretty active and there are plenty of other firms that people are concerned UBS. Some of the independent contractor firms, the individuals are going through changes that they don’t like and there are opportunities for them to leave. So, we expect that we will continue to be beneficiaries of this trend, which have enabled us to run at three-to-one accounts in verses accounts out kinds of calculations here at the firm for sometime.
Douglas Sipkin: Way off on the investment banking, looking at the number of deals you guys had done this quarter, it looks like it’s almost impossible to have a number this low. Is there anything going on with fee pressure, or are basically the big underwriting banks coming in and lowering fees and you’ve got to fall in line with that. It just seems like, with the strength and number of deals and I know the values are lower it just seems like such a low number.
Tom James: No fee pressure in the marketplace to speak of. The issue is one where we will get invited in with a 5% share in an underwriting as opposed to ones where we are doing 40% and are the lead underwriter. A lot of them are overnight deals and in the overnight deals, you typically don’t charge as much, either and you do take some market risk in some of those transactions. So, in theory, your net fees might be lower, but they are not down from what they were. There are just more of those than there used to be. In fact, the pricing benefit has largely been for the client purposes where you will see those deals priced 10%, 12% beneath closes overnight, just to ensure that you have a successful offering in what might be described as a weak market for new money. I was surprised by this also, so you understand your own analysis of this are questions that we asked around here ourselves and have spent sometime looking at, but I suspect that when more normal activity returns here, we will be back with the same kind of revenue sources as before I’m not really negative on this front at all. I think this is a great opportunity for us.
Chet Helck: Doug, just by way of clarification, about 40% of that securities, commissions and fees line are asset-based fees, but bear in mind that the institutional commissions are also in that same line item on the P&L. So, if you look at Private Client Group proper, it’s a little over half coming from asset-based sources at this point.
Douglas Sipkin: So, about 40% of that 406 is some sort of fee-based wrap type of pricing?
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Stelmach - FBR.
Steve Stelmach: Just circling back on the bank, you guys are obviously trying to take the tail risk off the bank as much as you can regarding to capital, you put $35 million down at the beginning of this quarter. You are bringing asset levels down. You’re not that far away from your target capital ratio of 12%. What gets you there? Is it just paydowns from here on out, or do you think capital.
Tom James: No, earnings we think a combination of retained earnings and we don’t think we will need to add any more capital to get to this point in the relatively short term.
Jeff Julien: Steve, we think we will get the 12% by the December quarter.
Steve Stelmach: I guess my next question was sort of timing on that and then just out of curiosity, it doesn’t sound like it was a capital issue, but I think you’ve mentioned in the past about $100 million of available capital elsewhere in the business. Is that still a good number?
Tom James: More. Yes, we have a $100 million line in addition. So, from those numbers that you recall, and actually, we’ve been running pretty good cash balances, so we’re in good shape.
Steve Stelmach: Then just lastly, circling back on costs, maybe I’m reading too much into it, but it sounds like you’re a little bit more focused on costs this quarter. Is that because you don’t have to pay the upfront fees? Are you guys being a little bit more cautious on the cost side? Again just reading a little bit too much into that in the economy.
Tom James: Yes, recruiting costs are not the costs that most of those are amortized over the note lives. So the real recruiting front end costs are more related to ACAT’s fees, other costs of just supporting the effort or opening new branches and those kinds of things. We have substantially restricted new branches. So that will affect current operating costs. We really want to fill vacant seats. If you are operating with a scarce resource in terms of budgeting capital to be used for fled money, you want to spend it in the most effective fashion, which means fill up vacant capacity. We’re making good ground up on that front. You don’t worry about that at the independent contractor level, but you do worry about that for employees. We just have put a clamp down on all expenses here at the home office and in the branches to try to protect margins in the face of declining revenues in those areas. This is what’s happening all over American industry, I would tell you and the reason why profits are up in the face of relatively flat revenues. There’s only so much of that you can do. We’re not going to be able to squeeze more margin out. We need more revenues going forward. We should have more revenues, given the net additions to people that we have anyway. So, what I would tell you is that if we just maintain the market environment we have today. I’ve no reason to believe that that’s any more likely than having another retrenchment in the market after the recent run ups, but I do feel that the overall plum for going forward say, for the next six months is a lot more positive than it was six months ago. So whether the market in the short run is up or down. I think the general trend is beginning to feel like it’s an upward trend. So I’m positive about the outlook, but I don’t see a lot more squeeze on the cost side.
Steve Stelmach: Just one last follow-up on the bank; what’s your hope? Is bank holding company status sort of a 2090 event, at least you’re hopeful for, or is it more of a 2010?
Tom James: I wish I knew. I’d like to tell you that it’s going to be done in September, because this is the combination of the process, but I’ve been fooled so much by the process, certainly not within our control to determine this. I don’t know what the objectives of the regulators are. I know there weren’t many people in the pipeline and it seems like what they did was just stop. So, in light of all this uncertainty and in obvious sympathy for the problems that they have to face throughout their existing memberships, I would tell you that they have their hands full. We probably don’t deserve or merit much attention in times like this, and we in the sense of anybody like us. Obviously, as you know from some of the regulatory treatment on financing and things like that, firms of our size aren’t exactly on their radar screen anyway. So this isn’t about fairness. This was preserved the financial system. I give, as I have consistently, relatively high ratings to the fed and the treasury and what they have done. These 2020 hindsight complaints on individual moves are probably not deserved, given the exigencies that existed at the time. I actually think the TARP program involved with the stock investments will turnout to be successful. It is not a bailout. It will be a profit for the government So I’m not going to lament the fact that I happen to be too small to be on the radar less than, I guess Ford could complain that they’ve been disadvantaged as an automotive company. They haven’t got the same cheap financing, the same care and concern, because they were able to stay in there and maintain themselves. I don’t want to see them penalized for that. I don’t think that would be fair, but the fact is that’s the way the system works when you have problems like this. We have to grin and bear it and I know how hard all these regulators work, although I certainly would agree that Paulson’s treatment of Lewis or others treatment of Lewis probably wasn’t correct. People shouldn’t have been ordered to take TARP money to make it look good, like a beneficial program, mainly because it didn’t work. If it had worked and everybody had said TARP’s great; it’s not bailout; it’s a wonderful program and we all should support it, as they wished when they had those 12 firms take money right off the bat, it would have been good, but the fact is, it didn’t work anyway and it’s unfortunate that they did it. So, but, look you just can’t second guess those things. I understand what happened and I still respect those people, even though I would describe that as a mistake.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jeffrey - KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: I know you guys have talked a lot about the added capacity that you’ve got in the private client business and I guess timing does become the big issue. Is there an economic indicator or a point time or anything that would give you an indication as to when you believe you are actually going to start to really realize the upside to these numbers?
Tom James: When is the market going to have a firmer tone and be consistent again? I would tell you, I suspect that’s going to happen sometime in 2010. If it happens sooner, more power to it. As I said, if I were a timer, I wouldn’t need to talk to you on the telephone. My ability to see in that crystal ball is as cloudy as ever. I just know it's going to happen and I know when we look back on it, it will seem like a short period of time, but when we look forward at it, given what we’ve been through, when you are still resting from having bailed for the last keep the ship afloat for the last six months, you don’t tend to start talking about trying to enter the next 12 meter race. I just think we need to be a little patient and expect this to happen. I think that I’d describe this as kind of a taste of this last quarter is a taste of what really could happen if things really started to run, that this was I just gave you an indication with a slight ramp up in revenues when, in fact, we have grown our productive capacity 10% in terms of people power over the last year. At the same time, the assets that were generating revenues and the revenues productivity of the existing sales force is down 25 or 30. So, it doesn't take a genius to figure out when you come out of this and everybody is convinced you are out of it, if it all happened at once, your revenues ought to go up 40%, but I don’t think it will happen that way. I think it’s going to be a slower ramp. So, I wish I could help you with that one, but your guess is at least as good as mine on this one.
Joel Jeffrey: Then just looking at the bank, how much your commercial and CRE portfolio is scheduled to mature in the next six months?
Jeff Julien: A small amount in terms of actual maturity dates, Joel. I would say in the next six months, maybe 10% or 15%, most of these loans, particularly the corporate ones, a year to 18 months prior to the maturity date, the borrower is working on a renewal or they don’t want to get up to the maturity date to work on that, so...
Tom James: A lot of those lenders, that’s fine. We don’t have a problem with that. We’re not trying to run it down that fast. That’s not the game plan. We actually think that the retained earnings will be good. By the way, we didn’t mention, that public securities portfolio increased in value $27 million during the quarter and I would tell you, to me, that’s remarkably low. That still leaves $120 million when our stress tests indicate, apart from the write-offs we’ve already taken. We don’t see much loss out there at all or money good. So I suspect that doesn’t make much difference in total capital calculations, but it does make a difference in the holding company’s book value calculations.
Joel Jeffrey: I know you guys put some more capital down into the bank as well. Just out of curiosity, what was the real driver behind that? Would it be better served to be capital that was more accessible at the broker level or something like that? Or was it just done to give investors a sign of confidence?
Tom James: The regulators have generally indicated throughout the industry a preference for their, while they call you well capitalized at 10, I would say in their minds they’ve moved it up to 11 and may move it up higher. So, this is as much pay attention to what the trends appear to be, but I would tell you our own evaluation. The reason we did the deep dive where we did our own sensitivity testing here and stress testing, was based on trying to determine what we thought the capital level ought to be to protect yourself, even in the 1% downturn case, to be more than adequately capitalized and our answer to that was 12%. So, we’ve already established, when we began this program, I actually told our MBAs who worked on that, I would be more comfortable with 12% and that wasn’t based on any massive mathematical model that I had put together. It was more just a feel for what adequate capital appeared to be based on the performance of what had happened out there in the marketplace. If anything, I was more comfortable after they finished their stress testing. Not less comfortable, it didn’t cause me to raise the number, but it didn’t even reaffirm the number, necessarily. It was maybe it’s too aggressively high, but that’s what I’m comfortable with. So for the moment, we’re going to do that, a long way from where Jeff would have told you when he worked on all these things in terms of designing models for bank performance. In today’s spread environment, you can earn more than adequate returns with these kinds of levels, so why would you take more leverage risk? Anyway I would tell you, if people don’t respect the risk associated with leverage now, they never will. We would like to leave institutional knowledge since I’m sort of that near the end of my career in this business, so that the younger guys like Steve and Jeff and Chet and Paul and all these guys we’ve got in the firm can continue passing on these experiences without re-experiencing them. So we will set some goals like that. By the way, I challenged Steve to say, “Okay, Steve you’ve been through this already. If you look at your lines of business, we had a very conservative model going into this business. What would you make more conservative now?” So I’m expecting him to come back to me and say, “Tom, these are lines of business that only by exception we should ever participate in and we ought to do some other things to generate profits. There are plenty of opportunities here where we can use our skill sets.” I continue to say, “Don’t seem to get the traction with all the analysts and other commentators, certainly not the short hedge funds, that our using our expertise in our SBUs for our corporate lending, while it’s nice to say you’ve got SNC loans and they are all the same, they aren’t, because we have our own subclass of requirements for what we lend to? Who we lend to? How we lend? And we use all those resources In addition to the highly competent lending staff we have, that is conservatively biased to begin with. To make sure, that we’re not stepping off the gangplank of trying to generate higher returns. I would tell you that expertise, which would have concluded. The use of this kind of expertise would have told somebody that Lehman Brothers had with an A rating, had a lot more risk than Raymond James with a BBB rating. I think, granted grudgingly by those that do these credit analyses, only because we didn’t have the critical mass, partially because we choose not to leverage the way some of these institutions do. I have maintained consistently that that leverage, which has been the academic argument, that you needed the leverage to make the returns these firms have in our sense. I’m won’t tell you right now. Goldman, Morgan Stanley, the other major firms in this industry are going to earn high ROE’s coming out of this, so long as they don’t try to become traditional banks. If they maintain their business, the way they have done it, using the kinds of skill sets that we possess here, only in much larger scope in their cases. They will continue to earn above average, rates are return without the leverage levels. So, mark my words. We’ll see coming out of here. You’ve begun to see here with Goldman’s recent earnings, but I would tell you, once all this bad stuff is cleared out of the balance sheets and they are much further along doing that in the investment banks than they are in the commercial banks. You’re going to see high rates of return there again, and people are going to make a lot of money. So it’s just unfortunate that we didn’t bang the table hard enough at some of these lows to get more people in these stocks, because they’re going to regret the fact. To a lesser extent, I’ll say the same things about Bank of America, et al., because when you do those 2012 type projections. I’ll have my old research guy Dick Bove. I think, feel comfortable that you’re going to earn above average returns in some of those larger banks that are included in our 19 protected status, much less some of the others that have run their businesses well during this period. So that’s kind of where I am on the financial services sector. I don’t give a damn if it takes three months, six months, 12 months or 18 months for the markets to comeback, because I know all our shareholders are going to be well rewarded. I just think we’re going to have nice incrementally better earnings over this timeframe. It isn’t going to be this 40% ramp in year one with normal growth rates after that. So that’s my outlook.
Joel Jeffrey: Then just lastly, in the CRE portfolio, are retail and hospitality still the two largest components of that?
Tom James: Yes. That’s correct, although they are the largest.
Jeff Julien: Out of the $1.3 billion, retail is the biggest at $250 million.
Tom James: I think we have demonstrated with the people that we do investment banking for and work with, that they have added equity capital even at rates that you might have thought they wouldn’t have. I would rather not have, but they were worried enough about the outlook in the commercial real estate areas to add capital. So I actually think, I feel much better now than I did. Some of the ones, I was worried about actually raised money. So this is good. If we’re really bottoming out in the economy, these guys are going to comeback much like the financial services stocks.
Joel Jeffrey: I guess, I just looking at your last numbers, I guess retail had been $320 million, so that’s down about $70 million quarter-on-quarter?
Jeff Julien: That’s correct.
Joel Jeffrey: Is hospitality down about the same amount?
Jeff Julien: It may be $275 million or so Joel, something like that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hugh Miller - Sidoti.
Hugh Miller: Obviously, I think you guys were a little bit more proactive in the quarter with the hiring of financial advisors than I would have expected. I was wondering if you could talk a little about maybe what you saw with this particular group or with the environment that caused you to be so proactive.
Tom James: Actually, I would tell you that a lot of that is pipeline, that it does take time to recruit these people. A lot of them already committed in prior quarters for this quarter addition, but it isn’t substantially above the rate that we’ve been experiencing in terms of people. That the effectiveness of the independent contractor recruiting effort is now, just reaching full capacity. As we reported to you about, I don’t know, a little over a year ago, we had essentially a couple years ago, maybe we had essentially begun rebuilding the recruiting staff at RJFS, and we had moved one of our lead guys out of RJA over there to run that recruiting and he had hired a new team and replaced some of them, kind of built the team into what I now consider to be a first class recruiting group and they have become much more effective. Surprisingly, I would tell you, even to me, the reluctance that one might expect from employee large producers to move to independent contractor status seems to actually have gone down, not up. In other words, the forces driving them out of their current locations have led them to question whether they ought to be employees or whether they ought to build their own business or whether they ought to join an employee-based firm like ours, which has a much longer demonstrated commitment principally to the Private Client Group, that we have hired far more people than one might have guessed. As I described last night in talking to around 200 of our reps, the fact is that we have benefited from acts of others rather than just our own management skills in terms of building up our recruiting teams or in better marketing our firm and I don’t want to understate the importance of this momentum issue, which again when you make inroads into a firm. For example, in Merrill, just to get away from Citi and Morgan Stanley for a minute. When you have begun recruiting from Merrill successfully, when Merrill really didn’t lose people, and it really took this catalyst of failing and a reputation of the firm besmirching and all those things happening, that the momentum in the firm for considering that option increases when people find out that the predecessor departers are doing well in their new positions. Those guys actually radiate to their prior associates and as a consequence, you pick up momentum with those firms and that has happened almost without exception in all the major firms and we are not taking the vast majority of their total departures. We were looking at I had some statistics yesterday on departures at Wachovia over the last year and a half. We are a minor factor overall. This is an industry situation generated by the failure of a number of very large firms and if you had confidence in your leadership telling you that you were the long term survivor and you were the best managed and the best firm and you hadn’t even bothered to look anywhere because you weren’t inclined to leave, and you get forced to leave because you go through a situation like this, all of a sudden the reluctance level throughout the whole organization changes. That, I would say, is the most major factor, along with this building of our own recruiting team, because we’ve done this while probably reducing front money offers four times over the last nine months. As I say, I expect it to slowdown. It always amazes me how long this kind of environment exists, but it seems like every time you turnaround. There’s another problem generated somewhere else, from which we benefit, even though we had nothing to did with it. So we’re going to run out of those, because we’re pretty well making it through and unless they manage to find a way to take it through the system again. I don’t know how this can continue much longer, but I do suspect that we will continue to recruit this quarter. This is not going to be substantially different than last quarter’s results.
Hugh Miller: Just as a quick follow-up to that, are you noticing that there are certain firms that you are being more successful from a recruiting standpoint in gaining inroads and hiring advisors from?
Tom James: Pretty much those major firms that I mentioned, we’re obviously not picking off any one of them. Whoever wants to come see us, we will talk to.
Hugh Miller: Just a quick question on the bank there, I was wondering if you maybe able to give us a little bit of color or comments on the composition of the charge-offs in the quarter. Obviously, a chunk of that was from the loan sale, but aside from that, any color that you could provide on what types of loans? How many loans and so on had comprised the charge-offs?
Jeff Julien: Sure, Hugh. Out of the $34 million, a little over a third of that was related to that one sale. About $6.9 million of the $34 million was residential loan charge-offs. There were also three charge-offs related to residential A&D loans, that’s been the most problematic part of our portfolio. That balance has been reduced now to about $55 million of total residential A&D loans. The balance was a charge-off to a building supply company that was about $6 million, so totaling $34 million.
Hugh Miller: I know that obviously, it was a more moderate increase in the nonperforming assets during the quarter, but any sense of the marginal increase there and where that was coming from?
Jeff Julien: Yes. All of the increase in nonperforming was in the residential and one commercial development loan, along with $15 million of residential mortgage loans that went into nonperforming status during the quarter.
Tom James: By the way, still a very small percentage of the overall residential portfolio. So as I said, the problems have generally been focused in this commercial real estate sector. You need to realize that those things have been marked here off or substantially decreased. So when they tell you $55 million, it’s not $55 million of still assets value at 100%, quite the contrary. So we don’t expect a tremendous addition to any of this and if it were, it wouldn’t even be very large numbers.
Jeff Julien: Tom, to elaborate on that, out of the $150 million of nonperforming loans, $60 million is residential loans. $90 million is in our commercial real estate space, but the $90 million has already had $56 million of charge-offs against it. So it significantly reduced our book balance in that category.
Tom James: I’d like to, in the absence of another request, I want to thank you for taking so long to participate with us this morning. Hopefully, we have helped you understand these quarterly results and what’s happening here at the firm and our outlooks. I wish I knew what I would be reporting to you next quarter. I look forward to meeting together with you next quarter to once again hopefully report good results. Thank you so much for participating.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-04-23 09:15:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the quarterly analyst conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom James. Please go ahead.
Tom James: Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to the second quarter analyst conference call. We have with us Chet Helck, our COO, Jeff Julien, our CFO, Jennifer Ackart, our Controller, Steve Raney, the President of Raymond James Bank, and of course corporate counsel is sitting in on the meeting to ensure that we all comply with appropriate disclosure regulations. It's a pleasure to join you this morning, although it's not been a very pleasant or it wasn't a very pleasant quarter in the March quarter given the environment that existed. We have, as you're well aware, continued to give input with respect to changes on a monthly basis on some of the key indicators, which obviously led everyone to understand when you look at the securities side of the business that we were suffering from the direct impact of declining values in our client accounts which versus the prior quarter were down substantially, obviously the parallel decline in assets under management that we were handling, and just the malaise of the continuing onslaught of negative information causing clients to be less active such that for the first time. I would tell you on the securities front we were actually seeing some despondency on the part of financial advisers whose income was being affected but, more importantly, were being affected by the impact on client accounts, which needless to say increases the importance of communication and conversation with clients, but pain and suffering tends to occur. As you're also aware, we have a lot of our income based on fees, so those factors impacted us. I will get into more detail with each segment, but just for a summary review, although all of you clearly have read the release since I saw your comments already this morning, we obviously suffered a fairly large decrease in net revenues, 15% decline, and, when you include effective gross interest, going to net interest the decrease was even larger at the gross revenue line. Net income was down 90%, as we indicated in the press release, where we focused a lot on the bank. It largely stems from a change in bank earnings quarter to quarter that obviously were very large, so we'll get more into that later. The quarter obviously was down a large percentage from the preceding quarter and for the six months, which we all seem to ignore when we get focused on quarterly reports, was off 41% to $0.57 from $0.97 or 42% at the net income level, where we fell from $116 million to $67 million. So essentially a continued deterioration in the overall securities environment, as I discussed, but that was even paralleled in larger fashion by the continuing decline in the real estate markets where commercial real estate - office buildings, malls, even multi-unit apartment buildings, other large, income-generating real estate - suffered a massive decline in cash flows and valuation resulting from increased cap rates, etc. That impacted a lot of loans at the bank level, as you can see in the write-offs from the larger banks, which we are a microcosm. As you know, we, as an S&L, have had to have some degree of concentration in real estate even though we've mitigated that, as we've explained to you before, by some fairly liberal accounting practices on the part of the OTS, which has allowed us to count as real estate commercial loans things that you and I might call corporate loans, which leads us to focus on the $1.3 billion whereas a lot of people, especially bloggers writing and hedge funds that are short, etc., to focus on the much larger balance, which they think reflects not large enough losses sustained to date. Well, those are really corporate loans that have a small portion of real estate as collateral so they get counted as real estate loans for reasons that elude me. So let us just for a minute make some general observations, then, on the financials. Obviously the securities commissions and fees were off substantially in the quarter - 23%. Investment banking was down, but the investment banking number actually was flat pretty much in the U.S. This results from declines in Canada by and large and also what we include in investment banking revenues, the RJ tax credit. As you might imagine, tax credit revenues have dropped because there aren't very many banks who've been the principal buyers, along with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, because there are no profits to offset with tax credits. And there are obviously more needs for maintaining high levels of liquidity as opposed to investing in things that really are totally illiquid, which has led to some very interesting dynamics, just as an aside, in that business, because the rates of return now have reached levels that I think make this product attractive to other corporate buyers and perhaps even to individual buyers as you can get double-digit internal rates of return on a very safe product resulting from tax credits. And as you know, individuals are almost so sensitized to taxes that they would sooner have tax credits than equivalent returns from other kinds of investments. So it's, I think, an opportunity that we're looking at and we see some new buyers entering the market along with the re-entry of those profitable institutions that are seeking CRA or other corporate buyers that now are attracted because of those increased returns. But during this particular quarter we had a substantial decline in those revenues, which affects that investment banking line. Needless to say, the investment advisory fees are directly impacted by the decline in assets under management. While those are stabilized this quarter, a lot of our bills are forward bills, so in other words you bill for the coming quarter based on asset value at the end of the quarter. Last time we did have a substantial decline from September to December, so the prior quarterly revenues are down a lot, and we expect that we will be in a little better shape than our revised forecast had indicated. Interest rates year-to-year continued to come down, as I mentioned earlier. Net trading profits, a big positive. Those profits are principally or are almost totally in fixed income - more than totally - but accommodation losses in the institutional side have been managed very well at less than normal percentage levels. So when you look at the overall revenues, while they're down considerably, the impact here on some of these activities is actually positive. When you go down the expense side you obviously see the variable reduction in compensation commissions in the overall line. You see good control in communications, occupancy, clearance and floor brokerage, business development. So generally we've had a pretty good decrease in expenses. And what you have to take out of here, in addition to the comp costs, to look at your fixed cost control or your discretionary cost control is the loan loss provision which relates to the bank which was up 575%, so it affects the overall expenses. But if you pull those out, you've got nominal rates of increase in the overall expenses there. So there's not a problem on that line. As you might expect, all of our departments are focused on expense control, albeit I would tell you that our direction, unlike the normal reaction you often see in New York, is to try to get rid of underperformers and perhaps not fill attrition, but really to try to maintain a stable work force during these periods. And the need for that policy is underscored by the vast additions that we have made to our sales force year-to-year, which requires a higher level of service because you have more bodies but, more importantly, we require a higher level of service because in these kind of times people are more sensitive  either the clients or the FAs - to service deficiencies, and it's extremely important that you have problem resolution on a very timely basis. So we would tend, unless we know we have a more permanent decline in revenues, which we don't believe that we're experiencing, if we're looking at something we think will be over in less than a year, we will do these things to tighten up. And we're pretty lean anyway, but the fact is we don't dictate 10% reductions in work force. That makes absolutely no sense to me, those kinds of policies. You have to look at, number one, how do you replace them when business comes back and the cost of that versus the savings on the way out. And you also have to be aware that you can't find these talented people in St. Petersburg, Florida when you need them. So from our standpoint we tend to be more disciplined in terms of how we go about this process. And in the past, even in '73 - '74 and '87 - '89 and the 2000 - 2002 periods, I would say that we're net beneficiaries of that policy when you look at it in the longer term. So that's kind of the quick run through. I think it's timing differences and I would ask Jennifer on tax rates since we obviously had a higher tax rate than normal.
Jennifer Ackart: The tax rate is impacted by permanent items such as [inaudible] expense and options, and they just had a great impact in a quarter with lower earnings.
Tom James: Yes. And we experienced that last quarter, too. We would like to not have that impact just because that would indicate that normal profitability has been re-established and we don’t have these kinds of adjustments. Let me for a minute try to get beneath the surface. I'm going to start with the Private Client Group part of the operation. We clearly had a substantial decrease in commissions and fees. It was 27.5% in the Private Client Group. Again, that reflects lower asset values, but it also reflects the reticence of investors to transact as much business or make any financial decisions in consistent down periods. I think we have done a good job in terms of trying to be proactive in generating ideas for our sales force based on the opportunities of the time, which are legion in this kind of scenario, and a lot of money will be made. As a matter of fact, here in the month of March a lot of money was made in rallies just in some securities groups. But we think there are some even better immediate-term opportunities. There are also considerable opportunities in some of the fixed income sectors and some of the other depressed price securities, where we're making efforts to raise additional funds. We have our research teams in all of our areas, not just individual securities, coordinating to generate a constant flow of good ideas with some new products that we have designed. A lot of fixed income information coming out, closed end information, closed end fund information coming out, etc. So on the general front I would tell you that's going well in spite of the fact we're seeing this decline. And the best evidence is, contrary to the current politicians' focus, we believe that the kind of meetings that you have - I'm not talking about the chairman's council trips and things like that; I'm talking about these annual development conferences where you bring in a lot of sponsors and meet with all your people and bring your home office people together with your sales forces - we are continuing to have those, though at much-reduced cost levels, for the purpose of maintaining mainly attitude, but also providing this specialty education on the additional products and focus of how to conduct reviews during periods like this, even how to prop up spouses and significant others during down periods like this. So this is a massive psychological job in addition to a substantive job in terms of generating ideas in the downturn. It gets really into the nitty gritty. And I would tell you the feedback from those meetings has been very positive and the information exchanged, even from peer group members who describe their processes in dealing with this, is kind of where we take our leaders and have them actually be teachers. In the environment, it's been very positive. I actually think you get far more value than the cost, even if people complain about these. Since we are not the beneficiary of government money, we don't have to stand up to all this, but I would tell you, just as an observation, the complaints about Northern Trust meetings and the tournament that they've run for years, trust companies are highly dependent on serving the really high-end client. They have to differentiate themselves from peer group members in doing this. They have to appear, in terms of brand, to the specific sub segment of the universe, small as it may be, to be able to attract that money. I actually think Northern Trust should have stuck to their guns in terms of really fighting the kinds of comments that were made. And some of the meetings that have been actually canceled by industry participants probably were net costs to the firm, not just in these terms that I've described but also in real dollars, where you have very large down payments and costs of canceling meetings and then you usually have less obtrusive kind of an event some place but the total cost of the two usually exceeds what would have happened had you gone back and negotiated with the event providers, the vendors, as we have done ahead of time. And by the way, in the case of most of us in the securities business, sponsors pay for these costs anyway in large measure, so it's not as if you're even changing your out-of-pocket dollars. But you should be aware where you are that some of the populist press is totally out of line in my view. Unfortunately, there are not enough of us that say that publicly. I would say on the retail side and indeed on the investment banking side Canada has been more impacted by this decline than has Raymond James proper here in the U.S. market and the reason for that is not just the downturn in prices but also the downturn in natural resource pricing. And when you overlay the two, it's extremely difficult to generate the kind of enthusiasm and activities, although I can assure you we're trying to assist our new leadership in Canada in accomplishing this and I think they're working hard to reverse the trends there. And just as an aside, a lot of these energy prices are down so far, especially in the gas sector, that when you take a little longer-term view, like two or three years, the intermediate term outlook there is very good. I actually am hopeful. And we've been very successful recruiting there, too. What I should tell you there is on the recruiting year-to-year net - and obviously you prune out low-end producers during periods like this or they prune themselves out - we added 112 net brokers at RJA year-over-year. We have added brokers at RJFS. As a matter of fact, the recent recruiting results have been extremely good. I announced a couple of quarters ago that the inflection point had been reached in terms of stopping our pruning efforts and adding a lot of net advisers. And then in Raymond James Limited we've added considerably to our sales force, principally in our independent contractor operations there. But we're now a material factor relevant to any firms that aren't bank owned in Canada and I foresee good opportunity from that. We had about a 7.5% increase in sales force year-to-year net, so we have good numbers there. And what I can tell you from this end is we can't process any more applicants for positions with us than we are currently seeing. I told you before that there are only a few of us that are really mainly above the fray in terms of major damage to brand, to retirement fund, to the company - which also impacts retirement funds - so that you really have sort of abused the current sales forces at those firms unintentionally, and as a result they tend to want to go somewhere else. And that's understandable in the timeframe. The front money consideration, the other emoluments that have grown to unheard of proportions have now been reduced to more logical levels and I think it's - I mean much lower than all these numbers that get reported dealing with 150% to 200% plus front end deals when we never did anything like that. But the fact is we are substantially below 100% in our average cost for these recruiting efforts. And, of course, those are based on historical production, which has dropped considerably, too, even for producers that are way above average. So this is actually a good time to recruit albeit you want to be reasonable in terms of your capital committed to the area, which we do. We budget all of these expenditures. But to just give you some insight in RJA in the first six months of this year we spent our entire budget at a lower cost than we had estimated, so we had to allocate some additional funds for recruiting in the second half at much lower rates. So while we're slowing that down, you will see some pretty dramatic increases here over the year so far and over the rest of the year in terms of increased occupancy at the branch level because we've really curtailed branch openings. If you have limited amounts of capital you want to commit to this in some logical format, it's clearly best spent in existing space. So we recently had our regional roundtable group meeting and this was a discussion that all of us agreed on in terms of our own approaches as CEOs to the business, so a very positive result. I've also reported just as an aside that we have been very successful in recruiting, especially in fixed income, on the institutional front, so we have grown those sales forces year-over-year also. So that's important, I think, for you to note that this effort isn't just going on in retail. Now when you have that kind of revenue decline, however, and you have what I call an amortizing cost base expanded from prior front money expenditures and you put that kind of a decline on the revenue dollars, you substantially drop your contribution to profits from that area. And as you can see in our Private Client Group description of pre-tax income included with the press release, you see an almost 80% decline in pre-tax income. That's not cash flow now, because that money was invested heretofore in that front money, but I would tell you that you have substantially decreased that. We have always invested, probably affecting margins by maybe 20% of total margin, by investing in the frictional costs of growth. So we will continue to do that and I expect we will do fine. When you look at the Capital Markets numbers in that segment reporting you see that it's pretty flat on the revenue side. Again, there are declines in the ECM area, although the ECM area at RJA was relatively flat with the comparable period last year. So it's really been in Canada and some of these other things that we include in this area. Other comments on Capital Markets, first, we obviously had pretty good underwriting activity with 10 underwritings domestically, but we only had one in Canada, reflecting my earlier comments. We also had increased restructuring revenues as we have grown that part of our business. Needless to say, we look for opportunity wherever it exists. There's probably more of that today than has ever existed. And some of the underwriting opportunities are what you would call financial restructuring by increasing equity components in things like REITs and other corporations that can do some things with small stock offerings. You actually see a pretty good level of business currently directed at this effort, where you will see some of these REITs sell off some of their assets with large debt proportionality and raise a little equity capital and, as a result, substantially increase their equity to debt ratios so that not only do they meet covenants even if things get much worse but they really stabilize cash in terms of their operations. So I suspect you will see more of that going forward. I think you'll see some of this in the energy sector and you may even see some of this in the traditional corporate sector. I actually am hopeful as long as we don't have these massive drops back down to 660 on the averages that - in the S&P, I mean - that would affect us dramatically. So we see pretty good activity there. On the Asset Management side, assets have dropped. Again, there's some variable components in the way we pay people in this area, but the fact is that the high margins that exist with the assets at levels that did exist are very much impacted when you drop your assets under management as much as have dropped overall at our firm, so this is a large change. There's been substantial cost cutting in those areas to assure profitability even at today's market levels. So there's been positive change on that front that will preserve profitability, but the profits will be much less than we have been experiencing. But again, it's still important that you have sort of the same mission going throughout the organization. And the performance of our asset managers is still very good relative to their benchmarks. Nobody cares when you're talking about outperforming big downs by 300 basis points. We may get some institutional money, but retail sales fall considerably. And the other thing that happens and has benefited us to some extent is people actually switch a lot of their assets to more fixed income. We do have excellent fixed income management results, so we have had big net growth in our fixed income assets under management and we've even had some wins outside of the firm on this front, which has never been a hallmark of our overall Asset Management operations at Eagle, so I'm actually bullish on that front. The bank, which garners most of the focus over the last year, where we had a massive ramp up in earnings, actually experienced a loss this quarter. And the unfortunate thing about this is if we look back a couple of years ago, when we would debate with our accountants about levels of reserves, their arguments were always your reserves are too high, you need to cut them back, and our arguments were always you reserve for difficult environments that happen about once every 12 or 15 years in the banking industry like clockwork. You actually can do studies to check all this out. So virtually we had no bad debt losses for our first 12 years and we still have very low levels of losses in residential real estate, so that's not really a major problem with us, but we've substantially increased the reserves for that area. I think we're at 83 basis points or some number like that now. Steve is reconfirming numbers in that range. What we have been ramping up are the commercial real estate, which we started probably a year and a half ago when we had the first signs of a few more A&D type loans - and there were only a few - that we reserved for in spite of the fact we started out with loan-to-value ratios in the 50% - 60% range, you still experienced some losses. And what's happened now of course is other real estate loans, whether they're REIT-related like the one we were a participant in that caused us a $28 million write-off during the quarter, you simply don't know when those occur. So we were actually surprised at the end of the quarter by that write-off. We had already had reserves for it - for some of it, but not a very large amount of it because we didn't anticipate the level of loss percentage that existed, which we think is extraordinarily high - but we would also recognize these are extraordinary times, so the ones that become troubled can have extraordinary losses attached to them. So we have been increasing reserves in this sector for other individual loans that we can hopefully deduce might have a problem. But again, using historical reference points is imperfect. We look at them. We know the numbers. We tend to try to analyze all of these loans and I think we've done a good job in terms of trying to be in front of the losses. That's why you see our ratio not a whole lot different than the non-performing, I call them reserves; I'm always told they're allowances and provisions. But the fact is we have increased those reserves to a level that offsets roughly 100% of those non-performing loans. And I would tell you that I would have guessed that we would have had a write-off slightly higher than last quarters for this purpose had we not had this one large situation. In looking at the portfolio I expect, as I've said for the last couple of years, that when you run into bad times you then experience some actual losses, so we expect those numbers to continue. I don't know when exactly. I don't know for how long. I have a feeling that our levels, which are around 240 in this segment of the portfolio - 2.4% - are competitive to the much-larger peer group in terms of their scoop and size. And we're adding and had planned to add at above historical rates to those reserves and we expect we will continue to do that, as I mentioned. But I would say that when we've done all this stress testing internally that we're fairly comfortable looking forward that these reserves, as I said before, are not only at a pretty good level but when you look at operating earnings in terms of sustaining any additions and all those things, we're as confident as you can be in times like this, which is not very confident because are we going to fall off the cliff or are we reaching an inflection point by year end? I honestly don't know. I tend to think it's closer to the latter than the former. So we are reserved conservatively, I think, for that kind of environment and, as new problems arise, we will continue take reserves. I think we increased reserves more than some of you thought we would over the whole year in this quarter, so my instructions are at these meetings tell me what your best judgment is right now for what we've got and where we know the problems are and take the reserves now. There's no earnings management going on here. We're trying to stay in front of it, as I mentioned. So I think we're in good shape. With that, I would tell you that I think you need to take a longer view. That's the point that I left here. These spreads I don't expect to decline back to more normal levels anytime in the near future because the government has every reason to try to generate large operating earnings for the bank structure because that's one of the best ways to improve confidence and to really sustain any losses that have not as yet occurred. So that's why you've seen some positive results at places like Bank of America and Citicorp that really are not probably in line with recent results prior thereto. But you also see these warnings, as Ken Lewis issued at Bank of America, about look, we expect to see some more loans get in trouble going forward because I think our best estimate was that some of these commercial-type properties probably dropped in value around 25% during the first quarter. You can't have many quarters like that, but the fact is you still are in substantial downward revision and if you're trying to prepare yourself for problems related to that, it's a very difficult job. Prophecy has never been one of my best strengths, so we tend to be conservative. And that's what we're trying to do. I know a lot of people have always said well, you haven't taken very many write-offs, therefore you're going to have more. I would tell you we haven't taken very many write-offs, therefore relative to everybody else we're going to continue to have lower write-offs than they do. And I still think that's true, but it's not as much fun as it was when we didn't have these for 12 years. Steve, I don't know what you would like to add specifically in terms of - you might just add before we open it up for questions.
Steve Raney: Sure. Just, you know, continued focus on the commercial real estate sector, as you mentioned, specifically those areas that are tied to consumer spending, retail, gaming, hospitality, those sub sectors in particular are areas of focus, and our credit team is watching that very closely. I also wanted to highlight I know that - and Tom alluded to this earlier - that our commercial real estate as reported in our regulatory reports and also some of our public filings - our Q and our K - is really not reflective of how I think you, the investors and the analysts that follow us, along with our management team, would view the real estate exposure. Once again, we have $1.4 billion of commercial real estate exposure compared to about $3.5 billion of what would be called commercial and industrial or corporate loans. So a smaller percentage of our balance sheet is actually tied to commercial real estate than what is reported in our regulatory reports. That being said, that continues to be our primary focus at this point.
Tom James: But you generally have pretty good diversification of assets in your loans, right, Steve?
Steve Raney: Yes, absolutely. We've got corporate limits on various sectors within not only the commercial real estate space but also our corporate portfolio by industry sector. We have a limit of 5% of total assets, but nothing exceeds 3.9% right now, which the highest is consumer products and services. We are highly diverse across various property types and geographies.
Tom James: With that, Jeff, anything you'd like to add or can I open this up for questions?
Jeffrey Julien: I guess the only comment I'd make is on net interest earnings. We've talked about gross interest and net interest earnings was actually up 33% quarter versus the prior year quarter as a result of some of the increased loan portfolio manifesting itself in operating earnings at the bank. It was down about $10 million from the prior quarter and that's somewhat reflective of the statement that we made last time saying that we don't expect that very high interest spread at the bank to be sustainable for an extended period of time, and it drifted down 23 basis points this particular quarter. I think we kind of expected that, I would say, to drift lower, not to see a sharp spike down, but to drift a little bit lower as some of the LIBOR loans reset and some of the mortgage pools that we're placing over time are lower mortgage rates than we've seen historically, etc. So I think you're going to see that continue to drift downward just a little bit over the next couple of quarters but, again, not fall back sharply.
Tom James: Yes. And I would add on that front we have a little bit of a contrarian thing going on here because net interest earnings in the securities side of the business are virtually insignificant currently, when they historically have been large percentages of pre-tax profit so that, as rates rise when we come out of this, while bank earnings may drop, the securities part of the business in net interest will rise. So when you look at the general results you have to recognize it's comprehending both on the net interest front. We actually absorbed a large decline in net interest earnings at the securities firm over the last couple of years. Let me open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joel Jeffrey - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Joel Jeffrey: Just in terms of the bank, can you give us the quarter end tangible equity levels at the bank?
Steve Raney: Sure, Joel. Let me give you all three of our ratios. Total capital to risk-weighted assets was 10.3%. Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets is 9%. And Tier 1 to adjusted assets is 7.7%. We had disclosed also yesterday, Joel, that tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets is 7.91%.
Joel Jeffrey: And then in terms of the AFS portfolio and the revaluation of some of the securities due to the accounting change, can you tell me where those are currently marked and what kind of impact that actually had on equity?
Tom James: Let me give a shot at that before Steve because we had thought, based on the early discussions on how this was going to play out, that it would make a material difference because when we run our own stress tests on these securities, we still think that that portfolio, the reserves against there or the market value adjustments on those securities, are much greater, maybe by a factor of 2 or more, than we really expect to experience. But the actual change here as a result of the conservative approach being recommended by our accounting firm - it really doesn't make a whole lot of difference to us - is that the change in the asset or the revaluation was $18 million only and we're still largely close to where we get market values from IDC and we haven't moved very far to any of these quantitative cap rate kinds of calculations, which was the whole thesis for the revaluation of these assets. I think that there may be some pushback from the industry, but it seems to be very small now, which probably reflects that you're not going to see much activity in terms of interest on the part of any of the banks in terms of selling off assets. And they certainly don't want to overvalue anything, so they're not pushing against their auditors as hard as I thought they would be. But we're going to have to wait to see how this plays out over a little more time. To us this is a little bit of accounting mumbo jumbo. I think that we're still undervaluing those portfolios, but we certainly don't want to have anything on our - to me it's kind of like a reserve in net worth. So, Jeff, you were going to say something?
Jeffrey Julien: We didn't really wholeheartedly adopt 157. I'd say we used it as an additional indicator as to which of the external prices, whether it's a pricing service or a dealer quote, which one made more sense. The only securities that we actually marked to a model were some of the subordinated pieces that had really no other market value provided out there and that’s where the valuation came from. But the vast majority, I would say, we did not mark to discount cash flow model. There's not really very clear guidance on what discount rates to use and stuff like that. The feedback we're getting is that most financial institutions are tiptoeing into this rather than making some kind of massive revaluation adjustment when it would be at risk to revalue it back partially the other way if more clear guidance comes out and you have to use more onerous discounts. So I would say we're just tiptoeing in as well as everybody else and I echo Tom's comments. Based on all the stress testing we've done of these securities and if they don't break their coverage, etc., that we think there's still some substantial undervaluation present in that at this point in time, but not based on these third-party quotes being provided in the marketplace today.
Joel Jeffrey: So there's sort of bounce back and the value of the AFS portfolio is really driven by more unrealized gains and [inaudible].
Jeffrey Julien: Joel, just to clarify a couple things. There were two securities declared other than temporarily impaired, a $6.2 million pre-tax earnings impact in the quarter. But the negative mark as of 12/31 was $174 million; now it's going to be in the $155 million range. And if you're talking about what was the - the balance increase we actually purchased some agency Ginnie Mae securities during the quarter, so it was a zero risk-weighted asset agency paper. So if you're looking at the difference in the available for sale market value, the larger increase was really attributable to some purchase of some new Ginnie securities.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, not private label?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes.
Joel Jeffrey: And then just lastly, were there any capital downstreams from the parent company or broker to the bank this quarter?
Jeffrey Julien: $10 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris: I was hoping you could just walk us through a little bit how you think about the re-underwriting standards that you guys have in place with regards to investing in the shared national credit and to some extent what your forward view is or what you can see coming down the pike in terms of delinquencies or non-performing assets given that you're not actually underwriting those loans to the actual end user?
Steve Raney: Dan, we really do re-underwrite the entire line. We have a credit team that does our own - obviously we get information from the lead bank - but we do our own interviews and discussions with the management teams of the borrowers, we use a lot of resources inside the firm if there's existing relationships, which many of them have an existing relationship with the firm. About a third of our corporate portfolio has a relationship with our research or investment banking folks. We go through a full-blown due diligence process and I would argue that our underwriting standards are equal to if not superior to others that are participating in these types of loans. I would also mention shared national credit is a very broad universe of loans. We're in a very small portion of the total shared national credit population. We get statistical information only on an annual basis and this is dated information that's probably a little over six months old, but last year's shared national credit, 13% of total shared national credits were criticized; ours were 4% as of that date. We will be getting the results of the shared national credit exam in the August/September timeframe, but we would anticipate the loans that we're participating in would continue to fare better from a creditworthiness standpoint than the total shared national credit population. So we continue to feel very good about the way we're going about selecting the clients that we want to do business with.
Tom James: You know, that one-third statistic you used, Steve, is true for people we actually have relationships with, but it's probably more than double that, the companies that we specifically know about and follow because we sort of narrow our focus on any of these loans to areas where we have substantial experience, segments in which we operate. So our knowledge level in the firm generally speaking is high. The second part of your question, though, is extremely difficult, which is what I reflected in the general comments. We just don't have a clue how many of the individual loans - we expect some more problems in the real estate-related sectors, but I can't tell you which loans. We picked out 10 or 15, I don't know how many, you have now that we have some degree of reserves against already in the major loans. We try to look at them in sub sectors for reserves and constantly review the individual company financials. Steve, I don't know what you would say to elaborate on that, but we don’t have a crystal ball on this; I wish we did.
Steve Raney: We have reserves against all of our loans, but the ones, Tom, that you're saying are the ones that are in our watch or worst category that we are watching very, very closely on a monthly basis and have been taking substantial additional reserves as indicated in this last quarter.
Tom James: In advance of.
Steve Raney: In advance of, yes. I mean, just to provide a little bit more color on our non-performing loans - the $143 million total - $43 million of the $143 million are residential loans. Then out of the balance of the $100 million of the corporate and commercial real estate, $40 million of the $100 million are actually continuing to paying as agreed, in compliance with their loan agreement, but we've got them in non-accrual status, non-performing status because we are concerned about their long-term prospects to be able to meet their obligation, so we feel like it's prudent to take the payments all to principal at this point that we're receiving.
Daniel Harris: Two thoughts on that. First of all, do you guys, after the initial underwriting standards, have exposure to the actual borrowers or is that through the manager of the loan? And then second of all, how should we think about - I know that you're saying that your loans are criticized about a third as much as - I think 13% for the total to 4% what you're seeing - but how do we think about that chargeoff rate versus what the government's going to say with regards to commercial and credit when it releases its stress test results some time in the next few weeks?
Steve Raney: Well, all of our exposure would be directly to the borrower. We don't have any exposure to the agent or lead bank. When we're extending credit in these participations, we have the exposure to the borrower and not the lead bank. In terms of the stress test, I'm not sure, in terms of chargeoff rates - we're going through and have been working extensively on our own stress tests and coming up with a variety of different assumptions that we're putting against our portfolio. Tom, I know, as you alluded to in the earnings announcement, the earnings that are going to be generated over the intermediate term in the bank we still feel confident are going to keep the bank in a well capitalized status despite the fact that we know we're going to continue to have chargeoffs and problems and additional reserves that we're going to need to take against these loans that we have concern over.
Tom James: We didn't need to add the $10 million.
Steve Raney: Yes, we would have stayed well capitalized without the $10 million, the question that Joel asked about, the additional capital into the bank.
Tom James: I think, Steve, if I understood his question, he was saying do we talk to some of those individual clients who are borrowing from us and obviously, given the earlier comments, we talk all the time with borrowers that we already know. There are some that we did the reviews on but we don't know as well, and I would classify the one that we took the loss on as one of those, which is increasing our focus on the list that we don't have as much knowledge on to start with.
Daniel Harris: On residential origination, some of your peers have noted that we're at record levels, refis are enormous and even primary mortgages, because of foreclosure sales. What are you guys seeing in terms of the residential backlog? And then I know you've talked about sort of slowing down the pace of loan origination, but how do you think about that in the current environment?
Steve Raney: And you saw that our loans were in effect flat quarter-over-quarter and I would anticipate that being the case, at least over the next few quarters. Dan, you may remember that actual originated residential business is a relatively small part of the bank's operation. That being said, that business is very robust right now. Our own originated residential portfolio has performed exceedingly well, better than any other asset class, really, that the bank has. Once again, these are loans that we're extending only to clients of Raymond James. But that business is very robust given the current rate environment and we're continuing to be very active in that space. What we've not been as aggressive on here recently is actually buying pools of mortgage loans originated by [break in audio] institution, so I think that that will continue to be the mandate, at least over the next few quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Devin Ryan - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP.
Devin Ryan: You guys spoke about the residential portfolio some here and it sounded reasonably comfortable with what your seeing, the way I read it, but the loans 30 days past due had a pretty good jump in the quarter so would you expect that the level of deterioration that we kind of saw this past quarter would continue to rise going forward, particularly as unemployment rises, or how shall we think about that portfolio?
Steve Raney: And I know, Devin, that increase from 130 basis points over 30 days to 221 was a significant jump quarter-over-quarter. And Tom alluded to it earlier - we have 84 basis points of reserves against our residential portfolio. We almost doubled the level of reserves this quarter. That was part of the $75 million in provision expense. In light of the increase in past dues that we seeing, it's really hard to predict what we think the past due trends are going to be and the loss rate.
Tom James: Loss rates are up, so we had to adjust for both.
Steve Raney: I would tell you the way that we're doing our probability of default and loss given default in that portfolio I think are very conservative and we've got adequate reserves based on our current past due statistics. Despite the fact that our past dues increased dramatically, in reviewing a lot of data from a variety of different financial institutions, our mortgage portfolio continues to perform exceedingly well. There's a lot of transparency regarding past due information at these other institutions in their mortgage portfolio and literally we cannot find another institution that's reported of any significance or size that has past due statistics as favorable as ours.
Devin Ryan: And that being said, that's a big increase quarter-over-quarter.
Tom James: But remember the rationale there. If you remember where our principal purchases were from, we bought a lot of outside whole loan packages which, again, we pruned considerably as I mentioned before, but we bought them from other financial institutions like our own, you know, Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch. So they had similar profiles, the borrowers had similar profiles to us, and where they didn't, we pruned them. So we weren't just willy nilly buying all kinds of pools that prima facie had higher returns. We were actually taking ourselves through a higher-quality screening process.
Steve Raney: Tom, we re-underwrite every loan as if it's new, even though we're buying it from somebody else.
Devin Ryan: And then just in the corporate loan portfolio, what percentage is to REITs?
Steve Raney: Out of the $1.4 billion, Devin, about $700 million of the $1.4 billion is to REITs. And that's, as you can imagine, every property type virtually - apartments, office, hotels, every property type, retail.
Tom James: And again, they're the ones that you would find higher ratings from our analysts on than the general group.
Devin Ryan: And just a general question here. How do you guys balance the task of preserving capital in this environment with obviously the opportunity to hire and build your business?
Tom James: You're asking the $64 question. I would tell you, you know, look, Devin, I'm an old guy, so I've been through 40 years of this stuff and I've run through '73 - '74. And in periods like this if you were looking at signage in front of you, the one that said preserve capital, maintain viability and survive is about 40 times brighter than the one beside it that says take advantage of opportunities. That being said, I would tell you that we still are generating enough cash flow that we can invest further in adding financial advisers, which has been our prime addition, but we are also adding people in equity capital markets, we're adding people in fixed income. So we're taking this opportunity - public finance is an area where we've added a lot of people - we're taking this opportunity to invest some money. And by the way, the cost, as I said, with retail financial advisers is down. It's even down further in some of these other spaces. We're upgrading analysts. We're doing all the kinds of things that we would normally do as if we weren't impacted, although I would tell you that if we tried to just meet supply here on the financial adviser front, we might be able to hire 250 more financial advisers just in Raymond James & Associates in the second half of this year. Well, we're not going to do that because physically we couldn't begin to process all that. And we have very good activity in our independent contractor firm, which has much lower levels of transition investment. So the combination of those factors means that we are committing less, we are watching closely and budgeting the capital expenses, but we're getting a lot more for the dollar spent and we're still maintaining some growth. So that's sort of the picture. I don't know how much faster we would go if we were unfettered. It's certainly not more than 50% more, I don't think. We wouldn't go double just because we couldn't process them all. We've already recruited this year 100% of what we recruited last year and last year was a great year. Last year was the best year we'd ever had. So, you know, how fast can you ramp up? I mean, it creates all kinds of strains on the organization. We've got a big transition team that does all of this work. We don't have that much stress in some of these other areas, nor do we have the need to add as many individuals, so we're more unfettered in the area if we see a really good investment banker team, pick it up, the really good micro team or fixed income sales group or whatever. So we're continuing to maintain those conversations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Stelmach - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group, Inc.
Steve Stelmach: I just want to circle back on an answer you gave with regards to the shared national credit. You mentioned nationwide 13% are criticized; you're somewhere on the 4% number.
Steve Raney: And that was from last year's data, Steve. That, once again, is dated - August or September of last year.
Steve Stelmach: I guess the question is how much of that 4% is based on your credit selection versus the fact that your assets have grown and it's going to take awhile for credit experience to sort of catch up? You know, credit tends to lag asset growth, right?
Tom James: I would normally agree with that if we weren't in the heavy stress environment today that we are in. I mean, admittedly you can have, you know, over time you can develop more problems in a corporation because you're further away from the environment that was analyzed. But the fact is we're staying at the upper end of the quality of companies in each segment and, again, we're restricting ourselves to the segments about which we have knowledge and we see a lot of opportunity. So when you do that you're just by your sort of asset allocation decision making, I think, a real differential in terms of the problems you're going to experience. And the main reason we're experiencing the level of problems even that we have is the fact that we had to have some real estate focus based on the fact we were an S&L. So we did have a higher percentage of real estate. Given a free hand in terms of this asset allocation, we might have even had more corporate loans than we had relative to the real estate. But, again, we think we understand real estate, including those of us that aren't necessarily [break in audio]. We have development experience at the firm, we've syndicated billions of dollars worth of real estate, so we have a lot of knowledge here on that front.
Steve Stelmach: And so I guess the argument is you're not going to regress to the mean of that 13%, but somewhere between 4% and 13% is probably reasonable?
Steve Raney: That 13% will be substantially higher when we get the results in August or September and our 4% will be higher. It already is. We already know, you know, our criticized loans have increased. We will be substantially less than the net average.
Steve Stelmach: And then just lastly, you mentioned the stress test. Can you just give us some parameters of what you guys had in the back of your mind in terms of stress test? I know it's probably more art than science, but [inaudible] were unemployment, GDP, what the environment is. What's your definition of stress?
Tom James: I think we're in a stress test, aren't we?
Steve Stelmach: I think we all agree on that.
Steve Raney: Steve, we're actually still finalizing some work and plan on sharing in greater detail at the end of next week with the analysts the results of that test, including what our stress test assumptions are for probability of default by asset class - residential loans, corporate loans, commercial real estate loans, and the severities associated with those. I think that's probably even more relevant than what the underlying GDP and unemployment numbers are. It's really almost loan by loan.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Jim Margerd - Rainier].
Jim Margerd: Could you tell us a little bit more, give us a little bit more detail about how many loans do you have in the bank portfolio that are over, let's say, $20 million discrete loans, either, you know, [inaudible] credits or other, and how many over $15 million?
Steve Raney: I don't have that broken down that way, but just kind of a general comment. That was 257 corporate borrowers that comprised that portfolio and that includes our commercial real estate borrowers as well. I would say 50% to 60% of them are over $20 million in total exposure. Not all of that is outstanding; we've got revolving lines of credit that aren't fully funded. But in terms of our exposure level I would say 50% are north of $20 million.
Jim Margerd: And are those made up of multiple loans or are those to one single borrower?
Steve Raney: Well, it may be multiple loans to the same borrower, but I'm giving it to you on kind of a borrower-by-borrower basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Sipkin - Pali Research.
Douglas Sipkin: I just wanted to follow up on a couple of things. I guess to the first point about the commercial real estate, just help us understand how in the 10-Q or the SEC filing it's listed close to $4 billion, but obviously you guys are indicating that it's just $1.4 billion, so can you reconcile the difference between those two numbers.
Jeffrey Julien: The thrift regulators allow us to call loans commercial real estate loans if we have some real estate in our pool of collateral along with other assets that we may be securing ourselves with. So there are a lot of companies that may have a corporate headquarters or some buildings that are part of their operation, but you and I would look at that - we're calling that a commercial real estate loan in our regulatory reporting and in our public filings, but the reality is that's really a loan that's not really tied to the commercial real estate. It's really tied to the [break in audio] of the underlying borrower.
Douglas Sipkin: So I should really be thinking about the $1.4 billion. I guess that's a better number.
Jeffrey Julien: That is correct, yes. That's where the repayment source of the loan and the use of the proceeds of the loan was really for the buildings and the underlying repayment source is from rental income from that property.
Douglas Sipkin: So then my next question would be I know you guys actually provided both the breakdown where you did provide the commercial real estate balance and you also provided the allowance in the filing. Can you give us an idea of what the allowance is on that $1.4 billion?
Jeffrey Julien: Doug, I do not have it broken out that way. It's going to be, as we cited earlier, 2.41% of the total of those two, the commercial real estate and the corporate loans. That total, 2.41% of that is the loan loss reserve. I would say that a higher percentage of that against our real estate just knowing we've got more of our criticized loans and we typically take higher reserves against our real estate exposures anyway. I don't have that number off the top of my head, though.
Douglas Sipkin: So that 2.4 is coverage on what? I'm a little confused.
Jeffrey Julien: If you added the $1.4 billion and the $3.5 billion together.
Douglas Sipkin: And the $3.5 billion is just corporate?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, that's correct.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay, so your coverage on basically commercial is 2.4?
Jeffrey Julien: Yes. And it's 84 basis points on the residential portfolio.
Douglas Sipkin: And then maybe just a broader question and I know you guys have given us an indication that you feel comfortable and obviously the market is very volatile, but just as recently as last month you guys had indicated that you felt very comfortable with the credit quality. Again, it does look like March was sort of an inflection point, but what's going to give us comfort that something like that can't happen again?
Tom James: Look, one loan occurring in the last month really caused the size of this to be much larger than we expected, and it probably had an impact on us in terms of also reassessing other similar loans. So consequently we're small enough when you have 250 loans outstanding that a couple of loans in a quarter can have a major impact and that's why we say we try to identify them very early and set up reserves if we think there are any problems with any of the loans. But I've got no clue. We may have none this quarter. We may have two more. I mean, I don't know, even though we've provided for a number of additional ones than we've already experienced. Generally speaking these things take awhile to occur. You don't go out and make a settlement with somebody on a loan. I'm not sure looking at the overall settlement on the loan that we did have whether it was good, bad or indifferent, and we spent a lot of time looking at it. But normally you would have expected that whole process on that one loan to take maybe nine months or a year and a half to take. And a normal bank in that situation I think would be reserving more if it became clear over the period that the amount of potential loss to that particular loan was rising. Our attitude is a little bit more front end loaded than that. We tend to look at it and say now where would you really feel comfortable knowing everything you know about what's happening in the space, what's happening to this individual company, what's happening to this individual project, and so what would you reserve for as opposed to saying okay, this is a Level 15 and you need to take 10% against it. And I know it's hard to quantify what I just said, but it is an approach that we take in looking at this because what you find in these real stress tests that we're undergoing is that specific loans caused the major problem and all the historical norms for different conditions of ratings don't really apply very well and you need to take some larger provisions against loans that you know are at risk.
Douglas Sipkin: A question for Steve. Obviously it's early in the quarter so things can change. $25 million provision to $75 million, can you give us sort of a rough range - I know it's predicated on what you guys see the credit quality looking like - how should we be thinking about that expense for the next couple of quarters?
Steve Raney: That's a really tough question and we don’t have a lot of clarity on that on a look-forward basis. That is the biggest challenge right now.
Tom James: We wish we knew the answer to that question. I mean, I guess what you're saying is there's been [break in audio] that could be in that range for the next couple of quarters? Yes, Doug, you know, from the earlier comments that we look at over the next 12 months and look at operating earnings rates and what loss experiences are, that conclusion is a realistic conclusion based on our already given sort of best guess. In the shorter period you take, the more risk there is that you're wrong. And if we're in a period right now, as it appeared in the first quarter, where you're having a major revision of valuation in this commercial real estate sector, you could have it bunch in the next quarter. I just don't know. So our best guess is over a little longer term we feel pretty comfortable, but in these very short periods - and we obviously know another month now, but we don't know what's going to happen in the next two months.
Douglas Sipkin: In terms of - back to Steve - I know on that $1.4 billion I guess you're probably not going to have the level of non-performers on that, are you?
Steve Raney: There's $100 million of total non-performers in our corporate portfolio, and I think maybe 100% of them are in the commercial real estate space. I'm trying to think. There's 9 borrowers in that $100 million and I believe all of them are in the commercial real estate space. I don't believe we have one - we may have one company, one of the nine. Yes, one of the nine is in our corporate portfolio versus commercial real estate.
Douglas Sipkin: Switching gears, any update on auction rate securities? Have you guys been able to work down the balances on your own? Is there a plan in progress in place to deal with the situation or it's sort of just going to roll off over time?
Tom James: We had some pretty significant roll off, as you may be aware of, as a result of buybacks by about three of the closed-end issuers of preferreds, which have reduced balances. We have a plan which is being initiated by Nuveen for all of its holders to try to serially go through each of their trusts and refinance the auction rate securities. And as you are probably aware, I mean, it's probably $530 million now of our, say, $830 or $850 million that are currently outstanding after the last buybacks this month. I've just had a whole series of them in client accounts I know about.
Douglas Sipkin: So - I'm sorry - $850 million is outstanding, but $500 million of that $850 million you feel like there's real good potential it can get refinanced out?
Tom James: Yes, over the next nine months I would say. We'll find out. We'll have a better answer to that at the end of this quarter when we see how the initial transactions are received.
Douglas Sipkin: And then any update - and I've talked a little bit about this with your guys - but any update on the TARP application and whether or not you guys are even going to proceed with that now? I think you had said you were looking for $200 - $300 million of preferred?
Tom James: My personal view currently is that we probably aren't going to get - we wouldn't accept TARP funds, but we're still in process and so we're not making a decision by policy until we see the acceptance and look at the offer and see where we are at the moment in time. Remember, we're also proceeding in our conversion to a bank holding company, which would open up the door for an application for the temporary loan guarantee program. So I guess I would tell you, all things being equal, if we had everything at the table in front of us we wouldn't take TARP funds and we would take those. We may not take TARP funds at all given the current liquidity of the firm. But we just don't know and I don't see any reason to commit.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions in queue at this time, gentlemen.
Tom James: Thank you very much for joining us this quarter. Hopefully we'll be reporting numbers more akin to those we've reported in the past next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-01-22 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. (Operator Instructions). We are going to the line of Joel Jeffrey with KBW. Please go ahead.
Joel Jeffrey: Good morning.
Tom James: Hi, Joel.
Joel Jeffrey: Can you give us the most updated capital ratios at the bank?
Steve Raney: Joel, this is Steve Raney. We are actually finalizing our true financial report, which is due next week. We are still finalizing all those numbers, but we are in a well capitalized status as of 12/31. Approximately, our risk-weighted capital ratio is going to be in the 10.2% range, as an example. Once again, we are finalizing that, and we will have it all filed next week.
Tom James: Our goal, just giving you some forward, is to move that up to the 11% range in the not-too-distant future. We will be continuing on that process over the quarter.
Steve Raney: Adding some cushion in the bank, as you know, Joel, we have been managing the capital on a just-in-time basis and all feel that it is appropriate and prudent to have a little bit more cushion in the capital ratios in the bank.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. In terms of the net interest margin; do you see any possibilities for expansion in the upcoming quarter, given the timing of the Fed cuts in the last quarter?
Steve Raney: I would say that probably will not happen, Joel. These are record margins already. Our cost of funds is extremely low right now, with really no ability to take them lower. We do enjoy wide margins both in our residential portfolio and in our corporate borrowers as well. If it was to improve, it would only be nominally. There is probably more risk of margin compression than expansion.
Tom James: Because responses to the client yield concerns, we may have to increase yield to depositors from current levels in spite of what is going on in the marketplace, just because there are these anomalies that allow customers to be able to find higher yields. I would not look for that, and as I said, I do not foresee much change in terms of net earning contributions from the bank going forward. However, that would be the negative part of that formula.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. Lastly, if you guys could just expand a little bit on the strength of the fixed income business in the quarter, and was it purely tied to the mortgage-backed securities? Or were there other asset classes within that that were driving this?
Tom James: All fixed income institutional activities are at high levels. In addition, we have a retail-driven trading book for the industry as well as for ourselves. The retail interest in fixed income securities is also high. The trading jolts that we have received have often been muni generated heretofore. What I would say is that the muni business has had a rally in these securities. The spreads are all positive on the carries at inventory. It does not make a big difference to us, because we do not carry large inventories. We are not a proprietary bet shop. The fact is those are all incremental, and that is why I say, I do not see that changing here. I expect those levels, you might not have quite the volume of institutional commissions we had in the December quarter going forward, but they are still going to be very good. They should be above what we internally budget.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. Lastly I apologize, because I think I missed your comments on the status of the TARP filing.
Tom James: We are proceeding through the process.
Unidentified Company Representative: We have been in front of the committee and we are just waiting to hear; the call might come any day soon.
Tom James: These guys have other concerns. They have been going to a lot of parties this week.
Joel Jeffrey: All right, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will go to the line of Steve Stelmach with FBR Capital Markets.
Steve Stelmach: Hi. Good morning.
Tom James: Good morning.
Steve Stelmach: Congratulations on managing through a pretty tough three-month period. Count me as one of the surprised by the magnitude of the margin expansion at the bank. I think you touched on the cost of funds side and how it is probably at a base level and may migrate higher in terms of deposit cost competition. But, we are at the asset side. How should we think about the lag in terms of asset yields relative to cost of funds? Is that a couple quarter event or a year-long event? How should we think about the asset yield side?
Steve Raney: Well, Steve, our residential portfolio as you know are primarily 5/1, 3/1 and a handful of 7/1 ARMs.
Steve Stelmach: Yeah.
Steve Raney: With the rate reductions lately, we are anticipating an increase in prepayments across the mortgage portfolio, but that portfolio is pretty stable at this point. Prepayments, although we are anticipating them to pick up, are really at historically low levels right now. Our corporate portfolio continues the opportunities that we are adding on to the portfolio. Currently, they are at widening spreads. Corporate borrowers are paying more. There are more fees being added to yields. In terms of the lag, the corporate portfolio continues to widen but I would say the residential portfolio based on the prepayment speeds will probably be negatively impacted.
Steve Stelmach: So you think asset yields, and I know it is not the forecast, but asset yields probably in the year about where they started and is it mostly a function of the cost of funds side of the margin?
Steve Raney: Cost of funds-related. Jeff, were you going to add?
Jeff Julien: Yes. The increase in cost of funds, the corporate side, is pretty much a floating rate portfolio. That is not very much impacted by movements in rates in general, but the mortgage portfolio is pretty much a static rate right now. An increase in cost of funds would likely be spread there.
Steve Stelmach: Okay, great.
Jeff Julien: A third of the portfolio is in residential and two-thirds in corporate.
Steve Stelmach: Yeah.
Steve Raney: $2.8 billion of the $7.7 billion is in residential loans.
Steve Stelmach: Yeah. That is helpful. Just turning to credit real quick; I guess no one expects NPAs to be going down anytime soon, but what about your watch list? Is that developing at about the same pace as your non-performers, the stuff that you think that has not gone non-perform yet, but are sort of on the watch list for you guys? How is that developing?
Steve Raney: Part of the additional provision expense approaching $25 million for the quarter is related to downgrades in the portfolio. Credit size loans are up, watch loans are up. We are being very rigorous with how we are going through the portfolio and trying to be as forward-looking as we can be in terms of what we think may happen to the portfolio loan by loan. We have seen increases in those credit-sized loan categories, and the provision expense reflects that.
Jeff Julien: About 70% of the provision expense for the quarter related to credit re-grading as opposed to new loan production.
Tom James: A lot of that re-grading is generated by our own views. What I would say, since you do not have as much experience in dealing with the mentality of our general accounting principles here, is that we are an extremely conservative organization with respect to evaluating reserves and trying to put ourselves in a situation where we do not get unexpected surprises, and that has always been true of the company and it certainly is reflected in what we do in the loan portfolio at the bank.
Steve Stelmach: Just one last question; in terms of your discussions surrounding TARP, what seems to be the bogies that the regulators of the government is looking for? What is the nature of the discussions and what is the hold-up if you get any sort of body language from them?
Tom James: Actually, I would not point to any individual fact. We got very high recommendations from our own regulator. They did not have any exceptions and things like that they asked for. I am not quite sure I can tell you how they think related to individual classes of applicants. I do think that perhaps savings and loans are looked at closer than banks because there is more confidence, I think on the part of the FDIC, as well as clearly the banking side of the business in terms of the regulation. I would tell you, we have had very good regulation in terms of the quality of supervision by the OTS. The reason we are moving does not have anything to do with that. It has much more to do with the fact that we are clearly more comfortable at this size of the institution managing a more corporate loan-directed portfolio than we are in a mortgage portfolio, and we never liked commercial development much. They just do not pay you for it, for taking the risk. We like where we are going here in terms of our own allocation of assets on our own balance sheet.
Steve Stelmach: Great. Thanks very much for the time.
Operator: Thank you. We will go to Devin Ryan with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Yeah. Good morning.
Steve Raney: Yeah. We got you.
Devin Ryan: Most of my questions have been answered, but just a few here. On the provision, it sounds like you are being conservative, but based on kind of what you are seeing today, and I know that this is difficult. But, is it at least reasonable to expect that the provision level should be increasing from this quarter's level, especially if credit losses are increasing?
Tom James: That is a very hard question to answer, because it is very sensitive to whatever is going on in the portfolio. If you ask me, I would tell you that while they may stay in the range they are in, with the same logic that we are applying now. If anything, at the rate of growth we are forecasting, which is slightly less than the $500 million plus addition to loans, I would think the provision will be lower.
Devin Ryan: Thanks. Just a general question here; can you just talk a little bit about the general health of the retail investor today, kind of relative to prior downturns? Are they still engaged, and what has changed in recent months? Just trying to get a sense of where we are today versus some prior downturns that you have seen.
Tom James: I would tell you after reading their December statements, and probably again after two days ago, they are nearing a state of shock and a lot of them have already changed their life plans because of this. They are looking hard at their portfolios. They are very concerned about the institutions with which they are doing business. The icons of finance in the United States are clearly no longer icons in their eyes. I had a call from a client of mine who is an American that lives in France, asking me if he should move his money out of his Bank of America checking account. That is the state of the American consumer investor. One of the things that we are most sensitive to, while we are doing cost cuts, is not reducing the level of service to our financial advisers, and to our clients, because we know their level of concern, we know their level of need for high touch. High service has probably never been any higher than it is, at least not since the 70s. I would not be surprised to see branches open for business on Saturday mornings as they were in those timeframes here during 2009. I actually think, and that is one of my reasons for forecasting that securities activity as a result of this, you will mobilize decision-making. You don't have the resources to necessarily redeploy, although there is a lot of money on the sidelines. Even Jamie Dimon doesn't have as much as he did two days ago. The fact is I am going down to speak tomorrow at a meeting in Miami to pretty wealthy individual clients. I can tell you the attendance is doubled, and what was expected at the meeting. The reason for that is there is this very high level of concern in looking for guidance in the marketplace. You can forget about the bounces, you can forget about exuberant results here in the near term for the securities firms. They are just not going to have that happen. Average productivity will be off 25% in 2009.
Devin Ryan: In terms of the clients, are they actually just sitting on cash today or are they pulling money out of their accounts?
Tom James: They did pull money out of their accounts in the fourth calendar quarter, our first quarter. They did not pull them out of the firm; they moved them to cash alternatives; they moved out of both managed and unmanaged asset classes. They do have cash on the sidelines, and one of my biggest concerns is they miss. As you know, rallies, they occur in these discrete short periods, and I am deathly afraid that they are going to miss the opportunity for recovery because they tend to always get out at the worst times. My guess is, although I haven't seen the cash flows yet from sales of securities two days ago, but I would bet you that there is going to be a high cash movement during that period just as there was in the month of October. So, it was nice to see a rally the next day, but I see the futures when I came in. I don't know what has happened now. We are going to opening at the moment. I don't know what's going to go on, but I don't think this volatility is totally gone yet in the marketplace.
Devin Ryan: Okay, that is helpful. And then just lastly, Jeff, I am not sure if I missed this, but what drove the minority interest line in the quarter?
Jeff Julien: Must be our diversity program. The two things that I know drove it were additional losses in Turkey that we are reserving for shutting that operation. They are still the minority owner there.
Devin Ryan: Right. Okay.
Jeff Julien: And the other thing is there are some write-downs in some of the Raymond James tax credit funds, which we own only a very small percentage of, but some of which are consolidated under VIE rules. So they are really partnership that we own only a very, very small percentage of that had some net partnership losses because those partnerships fell off ongoing operating losses as part of their benefits to the investors.
Devin Ryan: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Julien: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions.
Tom James: I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for sitting through a long quarterly call. As you might guess, we are pleased with the results in the quarter. As you can tell, I am making plenty of cautionary statements going forward, but I still think that the major income generators that affected the first quarter are still healthy and will continue to do so in the succeeding quarters. And I wish all of you good luck in navigating through these difficult times that we are bound to still have to go through for a while. And I look forward to talking to you again next quarter, if not sooner. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-10-26 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Raymond James Financial fourth quarter earnings conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions)  And your host and speaker, Tom James.
Thomas James: Thank you very much.  Welcome to the year-end quarter earnings release conference call for analysts.  I think we have a large group that have joined us this morning indicating that we have some other than analysts that are listening in to this call.  I welcome you all also. As you know, we reported a down quarter compared to last year.  My reaction is I was waiting for someone to ask me the question yesterday about why it was down.  I was going to reply that we didn’t want to embarrass our peer group by reporting earnings that were equal to last year.  But I will have some explanation to you the principal causes here so that you can understand the difference between this quarter and last year. But if I might, I would chide you a little, at least the analysts present, because at the end of the second month of the quarter I thought we telegraphed pretty well that finally this market trauma that we were experiencing was beginning to impact the Private Client Group in terms of client activity in the stock market. The institutional activity has remained at high levels, but the individual activity had slowed in spite of the additions that we continue to experience to our sales force, which I’ll give you some more details on. I think that’s understandable if you just think about your own reaction to the market declines, the shock that has gone on here when you have a market down 32% year-to-date on a calendar basis. That’s a little traumatic for the average client. I can tell you in the number of letters, calls, et cetera, that I receive directly from financial advisors and clients, you should understand that this is a time when people are really worried about their retirements; they’re worried about any net worth that they’ve accumulated, and on some of these tremendous down days, we’ve actually had clients that have liquidated. Fortunately, our financial advisors here in the recent timeframe have done a good job of trying to help the clients establish some discipline with respect to remembering that these times you don’t want to get out at the bottom because that gets you the worst of all possible results when you miss any recoveries and you only participated in the downside. None of us know where this market is going.  I listened to the Elliott Wave Theorist this morning on CNBC say that maybe 4,500 wasn’t low enough.  My response to that is I don’t share that feeling, and I might give you that perspective. I actually think that these programs that have been announced by the government, the intervention with various individual financial institutions, in my opinion, has been done very well under the circumstances of battlefield conditions. The rapidity with which the government has acted is certainly different than any prior periods like this.  There’s a lot of liquidity in the system and now we have commodity price erosion. Just the energy price decline will add fuel to a recovery. Unfortunately in this world, all of us are used to real-time news and we tend to expect everything to happen overnight.  I can tell you the money from the government’s $700 billion program has not begun to wend its way through the system as yet. Until that happens you aren’t going to see the recovery. You may see more stability from a lessening of concern on the part of participants because emotion plays a very large part in this whole environment in which we’re involved. I would say while we certainly have seen some of this financial services malaise spread into other industries and impact those of us in the industry that basically kept our hands generally clean of some of the activities that have resulted in these losses that everyone is being impacted to some degree now. Yet certain parts of the economy are really relatively strong. What’s happening now is that you have people realizing that there is this spreading through the economy, and you see companies like all of ours, speaking to the analysts out there, spending time on cost control in their budgets for 2009; trying to determine what can be put off in terms of capital expenditures, et cetera, and that’s now occurring in other industries. We will see some slowdown, but I think that the infusions of all this money into the marketplace will actually speed the recovery, abnormally contrasted to past events like this ‘73, ‘74, 1929 through ‘32, when a lot of the mistakes were really made in terms of more conservative government policies following declines instead of this much positive intervention. We actually had a flat net revenue quarter, and I focus on net revenues just because of the gross interest impact with rates coming down during the period. And that is outstanding in light of what I just told you with respect to activity. If you look at commissions and fees, they were off 2% in the quarter and that’s in spite of the fact that institutional volume was up. So you essentially see a period where the Private Client Group is beginning to be impacted, as you can see from looking at our numbers by segment. But if you look going back, and the reason I included my own comments to the prior quarter you can see a 7% decline in the securities commissions, which is a pretty dramatic change quarter-to-quarter. Investment banking, as you can see, suffered, was down 40% compared to last year. This is a carryover to the conditions that have existed all year long as new issue business has declined. You can see from our statistics that the absolute participations, I think there were 17 in the quarter, here and in Canada, which is actually up from last year’s quarter but lot of them were smaller participations. Although our investment banking activity, because of our involvement especially in real estate, where there’s been equification in some of the rebalance sheets, and energy where there’s been some continuing financing, especially because of discoveries in the Haynesville and Bartlesville Shale, et cetera, which has benefited a lot of the smaller E&P companies in the United States that we serve, has impacted the results positively offsetting some of the decline. But normally, in this quarter we see a catch-up as all the revenues come in, but there isn’t anything to catch up with during this period because the volume of lead-managed transactions has lessened during the period, and obviously performance of the securities has not been as good in the aftermarkets which has slowed this activity considerably. When you go further down the line, while investment advisory fees don’t show much decline but remember that a good portion of our investment advisory fees were billed in advance, so actually you won’t see the decline until the first quarter of 2009. This is because we’ll be billing on September 30 balances which, as you can see from the trends in assets under management, is down in spite of the fact we have continued excellent relative performance statistics and net sales have generally been still positive in spite of the declines through September. I would tell you in October, with these declines, you should be aware that you did frighten out a lot of investors and I think if you looked across the industry you would find that there were a lot of cancellations of accounts, and people just going totally to cash, which has meant that our cash deposit alternatives have swelled in the months particularly of September and October, which isn’t all good either. That sounds good, but the impact of that has been during these odd periods that actually you can have some negative interest days when your pay-outs on deposits are higher than you are receiving in overnight rates with the flight to quality. Once again I think the conclusion that you would reach if you were watching this is that behavior hasn’t really changed so much. When you have massive declines in the market it affects all aspects of our business; albeit on the fee-based business you have more stickiness and you have this lag in terms of fee income relative to the declines in the marketplace. By the way, just so you could quantify the PCG commission decline activity that I mentioned, I would tell you that if you measured it versus last year it would mean about $0.03. It’s not a major impact yet. We still have reasonably good positive momentum internally, which is offsetting some of this productivity decline of same store FA sales that would be occurring as we enter this period of shock. A worse factor during the quarter really occurred in September when fixed income trading once again, and this is the second time we’ve had a major shock. We’ve had other periods where all the indices change their relationships, so that any hedging activity at all really becomes negative factor. Fortunately, our inventories were very small so unlike Jefferies, Piper and others in the business that have reported, we didn’t experience as large an impact as they did, but you essentially had an $18 million trading swing which is $0.04 a share relative to last year’s quarter. Again, this is a major impact. The other factor that I mentioned was the fact that COLI and BOLI investments on our balance sheet declined in value which means that you have a loss but on a tax basis nothing is deductible, so you end up with a higher tax rate during the quarter than you would have otherwise experienced. If you look at those tax rates at the bottom of the page there you would see that that impacts us by another couple of cents and you see you get into about a $0.10 change just from those factors and it really impacts everything. As I’ve mentioned before, the Raymond James tax credit funds, which typically have their biggest quarter in the fourth quarter, actually were relatively uneventful.  While we were still profitable in this area for the year, the fact is our normal year-end closing activity ground to a halt. The reason for that, of course, is there aren’t very many typical buyers for tax credits.  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are out of the market; the bigger corporations in America from GE through all the major banks no longer have tax problems. While CRA is an incentive to buy these tax credits, there really aren’t the normal group of buyers that would have made up 75 or 80% of the market. We do have some sales occurring as I speak now.  There seems to be some settling of this business in the 7 to 7.5% after-tax internal rate of return pricing for tax credits. But no one knew what price to pay.  While this is a small subsidiary, it really does have its financial results concentrated in this quarter. The old comments about our business rising and falling with the tide of the markets still remains true.  You should have recognized that more than you did in terms of your own adjustments to financials. I realize that the fact that we’re generally invulnerable to some of the direct costs of sub-prime and credit derivative swaps and all of these activities makes you think that our results might have more stability; and they do in fact have more stability because if you look at the companies that have these activities you will see that they have massive write-offs still occurring while we essentially have avoided it. Again, the bank has been a major contributor during this activity to profitability. The comparisons on the bank segment are very positive. I have Steve Raney with us if we have more detailed questions later on, but while we have more non-accrual loans, they really still reside in the specific sector of acquisition development type activities and are focused in five loans, three of which are still paying, although two of those are paying from interest reserves. As a result we put them in non-accrual status when we think there’s a chance we might have a principal issue and we take losses to mark down to market actual charge-offs against those loans and we put them on non-accrual and the interest payments we get just go to principal reduction. Effectively, you have the vast majority of those outstanding loans resulting from that activity whereas we have about 45 or 46 individual real-estate loans that are in non-accrual status.  They don’t amount to much.  It’s about $17 million. When we’ve had to foreclose on these properties, so far we’ve experienced an average of 15% value decline.  As you know, some of the stronger areas have actually recovered a little bit in terms of real-estate sales due to the declining prices that these things are being offered at. Depending on the quality and location of the real estate you really get different activity. But when you take that number of loans and you relate it to the 6500 individual loans we have, it’s really a non-factor; and what I had tried to explain to you before was that this very detailed due diligence review, loan-by-loan, that we go through on even residential loans has really proven to be a saving grace contrasted to other lenders on the banking front. The negative factors aren’t so large, and I would also remind you that we have larger than ever spreads in the normal corporate lending part of the business and that has offset a lot of this. The spreads are large and in fact the loans that we buy today, we buy at ever-increasing rates and Jeff Julien who’s also with us, our CFO, and Jennifer Ackart, our Controller, would tell you that our bank is actually performing probably a little above budget in terms of ROE statistics, with an ROE by itself of over 15% during 2008. A positive in spite of the fact that some of the trends, as you would expect, are finally moving slightly negatively; and we expected this, I have warned you of this in past periods that as we’ve grown these loan balances, the absolute numbers of non-accrual or delinquency loans is going to grow and we expect that to continue for another few quarters, but we still don’t think it’s going to be any kind of a major factor. In fact, as we put more money to work here going forward, we will have very good spreads on rates currently for loans that are in the market. There’s simply nobody out there yet making these loans except at very attractive margins and that bodes well for us in the coming year in the bank. While you’re looking at overall operations in the bank, it’s certainly become a larger percentage of our profits.  If you look at the segment results, things look good from that side of the business and I’m actually positive there going forward. In terms of the other businesses, my outlook would be for two to three quarters you’re going to have lackluster results as people regain confidence in the market and we try to establish a baseline in our overall bottoming out process in the market, and this volatility then will slow somewhat. But you always need to remember that when we suffer these major declines, and I would add 1987 to the prior periods that I mentioned, the experience has been that we lose a small percentage of investors, period, and then it takes a while for those that have gone to cash, or even those that are investing new dollars, to begin to move them back to equities. They tend to move them to fixed income products, especially if there’s some that have reasonably high yields relative to the yields available in equities. That doesn’t mean there aren’t places in the market, like the MLPs have reached, that don’t have high returns today. There are many conservative ones that do indeed have high returns, so there are places to invest, but the individual investor is going to be reluctant to do this and it’s going to take a strong pitch on the part of the financial advisors to actually encourage them to participate in the recovery as it develops in the stock market. We, on the other hand, who might have had cash during this period as I did myself, tend to be earlier investors in these declines, which can be painful at first, but in the light of day, five years later, looks like it can be a very positive factor. That’s the quarter.  The year should give you a little better perspective on how we have performed relative to the industry and when you look at the results with $1.97 in earnings versus $2.11 last year, that’s actually a very small shortfall giving the scenario that I just described for the prior year in the market and the more traumatic period that those of us in the financial services industry have actually experienced. You can almost go to all those lines I’ve talked about and draw immediate parallels and indirect impacts from problems at the major institutions.  One that I mentioned in my remarks was the total lack of credit lines on an unsecured basis available to financial service companies by peer lenders. Actually, policies from some of the major banks like Wells Fargo are that they are currently not making unsecured loans to anybody in our industry. Foreign banks are pretty much in the same school and other banks, depending on their own cash needs, have been impacted in that process. You might conclude from looking at that, if you can operate without any of those lines, you are a pretty stable organization, and that’s certainly true. But the impact of this has actually trickled down again to the rest of industry, where loans for new borrowers, for borrowers in small and medium-sized companies that have normally depended on these lines are not available for renewal and the lenders are over-scrutinizing results, expecting downturns and being very cautious. You can see why the government is endeavoring to infuse capital to encourage them to put money to work, to turn around the mentality that develops. I think that’s true. I think that it’s important for all of us to develop a longer-term perspective and that’s why it’s important that you look at the yearly results. It really isn’t bad to have a 13% ROE overall in a year like the one we just experienced. I wish I could have reported that in 1975 when we came out of the downturns in the marketplace.  We were indeed profitable every month after the market turned in October of 1974, but the fact is the rates of return, in spite of the fact we had very little equity, were still small. During the down period we actually experienced actual losses. So, when you see the stability afforded by the great diversification in our industry now, and I’m talking about the private client group industry when I say that, because there aren’t many of us left. We’re really sole practitioners, two-thirds of our business coming directly and indirectly from this activity. This is still a profitable business and we can still perform reasonably well. When you take the longer-term view and you look at a book value of 16, 18, we’re now selling at less than one and a half times book, which given outlook that I have described to you for the coming six to nine months, if you’re a short-termer, isn’t real exciting, but in a longer-term viewpoint is very attractive. While I see some downturn in the asset management business with the $33 billion down from a $37 billion kind of number, we actually have all of the underlying factors still very positive; two 10-year track records in our small and mid cap areas that are four star and five star kinds of performance now, and very good recent relevant performance almost across all of our fund and SMA-type managers. Nobody pays any attention to that, by the way, when they have absolute losses until the market turns and people get positive. But the fact is that the performance is there. As people begin to re-enter the market this is a very attractive alternative. Our net sales have still remained positive; highly positive outside the firm on platform sales, et cetera. I think the outlook for activity, while next year won’t be any barnburner, the underlying factors are very positive. On the private client group front, the biggest factor you should pay attention to is the actual activity in our people counts, which have been outstanding; remain outstanding. We substantially increased the number of financial advisors here in the fourth quarter, which is extremely positive, and for the year comparisons have added substantially across the 5,000 type accounts. On our financial advisors, we’ve had big growth in Canada. We’ve had good growth in all of our broker dealers here recently. The outlook is very positive going forward. I had totaled those for you.  When you look at the three that we released we had 5,045 financial advisors versus 4,758 last September, and only 4,913 in the immediately prior quarter. You can see we have never seen the activity of financial advisors searching for a new home. We have never seen a large number of Merrill Lynch financial advisors looking to join another firm. These are not small advisors. These are a lot of financial advisors with over half a billion dollars in assets that are looking for homes where there’s stability, where things operate the way they’re used to, and they’ve been shaken by the experience of seeing the major firms fall by the wayside during 2008. I think we had 57 home office visits in just our employee based firm with similar higher activity in the month of October scheduled. That kind of activity puts us strained to even talk to the people. I know that our independent contractor operation decided to go outside the home office with a team and go to the West Coast where we probably have less participation in terms of the broad number of financial advisors than we do here. They went out there for a short weekend and met with about 30 financial advisors and took the team there, because we could actually reach more people by doing that than we were by having people fly in. When people come here, the great advantage is the normal wire house firms sees the same support that they see at the major firms, if not more here. We have very competitive payout schedules with the independent contractor firms; but more important to them we have the capacity to provide the same kinds of service that they’re used to where they came from with a very positive attitude from all of our service people here at the home office. This is a very positive kind of number. If you go down to our proprietary activity where our two companies that we now own a good part of, operate, both of them are operating well.  The companies that are available in the marketplace to buy today are available at much lower multiples of EBITDA. In our venture capital subsidiary, we are now seeing more opportunities for high quality companies in second and third stage financings that are extremely attractive. We have successfully raised a new fund for them. We have surpassed our objective of $125 billion for these small and mid cap type companies located in the Southeast and Southwest. That new business is performing well and contributed positively to our results this year. This is exactly the kind of time, when venture capital funds and buyout funds can’t raise money, that you should be investing in those activities because the opportunity in this space is excellent. I mentioned tax credit being down, but some of the major competitors of ours have exited the business, which means that we will have a larger share of this business and I assure you the government is soon going to be saying how do we stimulate low income housing construction, because the current plans are simply not generating any new activity. They’re going to give added incentive to buyers; they’re going to provide more lending; they’re going to do something and they’re going to do it relatively soon. That business has a very good outlook for us. The institutional business, when I talk about recruitment, you need to understand that I am not just talking about retail sales people. Our institutional sales forces have swelled as a result of the availability of Lehman, Bear Stearns, UBS sales people. As you know, UBS exited the municipal marketplace. We also have picked up public financed producers from them and others during this period. Just to cite one example, when Bear Stearns sold to JPM, they had an overlap of depository institutional salesmen which were principally based in Memphis. We recruited 25 new people to our already existing Memphis office and took over the old Bear Stearns space, so that we now have 40 institutional sales people in that market. I meet with a lot of these high-end producers when they come here and I’ve never been busier. Chet Helck, our COO who’s here, also is having these meetings with advisors from all parts of the business and these professionals. The outlook for our business is extremely good. On the financing side, since I brought that up; you should know that we believe that we will be eligible, even though we have an S&L holding company, for the guarantees on unsecured capital. We don’t know that yet, but we’ve had conversations with various governmental officials about this. It appears that we can get that. That’s not the preferred capital I am talking about; we will be eligible for that, certainly, if we decide to get it, to use it. However, if we get this eligibility for the savings and loan holding company the way we expect, we will be able to have government guaranteed three-and-a- half year financing for $250 million of unsecured, which is actually more than we had before, because they used 125% factor of what you had on September 30. That would be beneficial for us and what that would enable us to do in conjunction with a new revolver financing and perhaps some term debt at the longer end of five to seven years, which we are currently under discussions with some insurance companies on, which is the reason why I said the preferred stock may not be as attractive. The combination of those would give us more than adequate capital to conduct any operations in addition to what we already have, if we decide to take advantage of some of these opportunities to expand further either by adding additional people at a higher rate or by acquiring some of the variously available companies in our industry. This is one of those opportune times for companies that are stable, that do have good programs and platforms, to really take advantage of the times. I think you see it happening at JPMorgan; you see it happening at Wells Fargo, and Bank of America with Merrill’s acquisition, in spite of the fact they probably didn’t need to pay that much, in the long-term view it’ll be a very good purchase for them. While we think we’re going to acquire a number of their salesmen, that doesn’t mean that we are going to somehow diminish the overall value of the Merrill Lynch franchise. The same can be said of our competitors that are left in the business. As usual, when you have these downturns, the opportunities really burgeon, and a firm like ours can take advantage of lot of that and we already have. When you look at these margins, when we’re rolling our sales forces and our investment bankers counts and our institutional sales counts, that impinges on our margins. We normally experience 1.5 to 2% margin erosion due to the growth that we normally expect. When we have an opportunity like this, which we believe will benefit us, perhaps not immediately, but certainly in the intermediate to long-terms, we actually will spend more at the same time we’re cutting other costs. The fact is, it may look like we’re not controlling expenses as well as we might otherwise do, but I can assure you that all of our managers are trying to operate more efficiently. But this is not going to be one of the areas where we’re trying to be totally efficient. While we try to control growth, we are going to take advantages of special opportunities in the market at reduced front-end money; often, for some of these institutional-type hires, with no front-end money and limited salary guarantee levels, et cetera. We’re going to grow, and we’re going to add these people intelligently because the need for financing when we come out of this is going to be dramatic. You might say that someone of my age that’s been in this business this long might be more conservative and being very careful at this point, and I would tell you we have been very careful and so we have the opportunity to take on a little risk here in order to grow at advancing rates during this timeframe. When we come out of this timeframe, we are going to do extremely well. As I said, I think that six to nine months from now, and none of us are seers, none of know for sure when that’s going to occur, but I do know that we’re going to be a stronger firm, certainly relative to whatever our peers are when we come out of this period, and I think that our shareholders will be well rewarded. With that, since I’ve got all this talent here at the table with me on detail and I know you have some additional questions with respect to some of these operations, I’m going to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Devin Ryan - Sandler O’Neill.
Devin Ryan: Can you remind us approximately what percentage of client assets are equity related, and are you seeing actual outflows in client assets just given that the volatile markets or the declines are still primarily related to the equity market declines?
Thomas James: Actually we’re seeing net inflows, because of the recruiting again. I just reviewed last night the number of new accounts moving into the firm versus those being delivered out. We’ve maintained about a 2.25 to 2.50 to 1 ratio. It’s largely from recruiting and the acquisition of accounts by existing financial advisors. Any decline we have in what we call assets under administration as related to the market decline. In fact this new inflow of money has offset a lot of the market decline, not just in managed assets, but in non-managed assets. We have been working for years on improving asset allocation throughout our sales force and you’ve seen some of that reflected in our client base, and apart from those that I described that had moved out of the market from managed assets or from unmanaged fee-based programs, which is small relative to the total group, it’s still larger than you would normally see. I think during the year we still were more like 14 or 15% erosion out of managed accounts in terms of cancels – 10 to 14%, which is a low average, relatively speaking, especially in a down market. The opportunity here is that the base has grown, it’s just that, unfortunately, the assets have depreciated in value. I can’t give you off the top of my head. I don’t know if anybody here knows.
Unidentified Executive: There’s a lot of packaged products in there that’s hard to...
Thomas James: We’d see just a mutual fund number. We don’t know how much of that would be in PEMCO and other fixed income alternatives that Templeton-type assets.
Unidentified Executive: We believe it’s heavily weighted towards equity versus fixed income alternatives and other types of asset classes. For our own benchmarking, we tend to estimate somewhere in the two-thirds to three-quarter equity totals for large groups of clients, but because of the packaged products, it’s hard to be precise.
Devin Ryan: That’s actually helpful. And just given the more recently recruited FAs and it sounds like that they’re typically larger on average than maybe the existing FAs; how long does it take for them to actually become accretive to results on average?
Thomas James: That’s a good question. The answer varies dependent on whether you open a new office, those individual FAs go into the new office; and what we have done recently, we’ve actually decreased the total package sizes. We have moved more of the retention front-end money to a not exactly front-end money status, where really in the second and third year you get additions to the base amount, which start a new period of amortization. Effectively you might give a broker 50% upfront and allow that broker, depending on the performance of his production over the next two years to move up to 80 in total production. But you’re not going to pay money based on 12-months of historical gross, when we know that the future gross is probably going to be down just because of the market environment. We actually have made those adjustments, and anybody that isn’t doing that now, the answer is it’s going to be at least three to five years until they make money on their deals. I think in our case, I would expect these bigger brokers, who tend to maintain productivity much better than smaller brokers in these timeframes, that we’ll be accretive in the second year.
Devin Ryan: Sure, okay. And in terms of share repurchases, it seems like every time the stock has traded down to around one and a half times book value or in that range, you’ve been out there repurchasing shares. So just with the stock, you’ve been trading a little bit below that, I just want to get your thoughts here on the repurchase program?
Thomas James: The last couple of times that the stock has moved down to this level; our quiet period, which we respect as a company, so we haven’t been active in those particular timeframes. Because of the current condition of the financial markets, we have been extremely conservative marshaling cash. We don’t want to be in a position if we have some special opportunity that we couldn’t turn around and invest 50 or $100 million. We’re less apt to do purchases at this moment than we normally are, but if the stock obviously moved down considerably from this point again, as it has once or twice in the immediate past three to six months, we would use some of these new lines that we are obtaining. As you can see from our release, we have adequate collateral lines for all of our inventories; that’s not really a problem. The reason you need some of these lines on operating basis are simply for delayed settlements, unusual situations in terms of cash flow in and cash flow out that require more free cash to operate; it’s not a net capital related issue. As the situation begins to clarify here and some of these new lines are put in place, we would once again be positively predisposed to utilizing the existing purchase authority that our board has granted us to repurchase stock. It’s been our history to try to time these purchases at lower end prices, which has actually been extremely positive for us over the long run. You are quite correct in pointing out the current pricing timing is very good, and as I said if we see any further decline and some opportunities here, we probably will take a good look at participating again. But again, you need to understand that the prime directive today is to keep powder dry.
Devin Ryan: Okay. I’m going to hop back into queue. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joel Jeffrey - KBW.
Joel Jeffrey: Can you give us an update on your client’s auction rate securities positions?
Thomas James: It’s a $1.1 billion in total and about $950 million in liquid securities. Actually, some the securities have become liquid in our trading, some of the municipal ones. We’ve had a few repurchases from some of the closed end funds recently, but they are related mainly to violations of covenants with respect to coverage in things like convertible bonds, and some of the international equity closed end funds and things like that. We have not seen the follow through by firms like Nuveen or PEMCO in terms of stepping up these, merely because of the instability in the marketplace. The rates certainly would justify repurchases. I think what’s going to happen here is either the auction rates are going to be financeable somehow through government assistance, or the issuers are going to have more pressure on them at the same time we see more liquidity in the marketplace allowing financing alternatives to proceed, so that the auction rate securities issue goes away in the next 9 to 12 months.
Joel Jeffrey: Are you seeing any increased pressure from clients in terms of trying to unlock that and how would be dealing with that?
Thomas James: We have always provided margin lending to our clients that want to borrow on these securities that have emergency needs, and actually the demands for that have been very low. We have a few arbitrations with clients that are ongoing, but that’s all. We have been very open in terms of describing the issues that are posed to us, and other firms of our size who don’t have access to the federal window to buy these back, plus the issue of not having any capital credit for any purchases directly into the firm. I think our clients are pretty aware of this. We wouldn’t have had any problem at all were if not for some of the larger firms that did have access to the window, who had other violations with respect to employees getting out at the same time they were selling auction rate securities to clients; inside information that caused suppression of research reports, activity like that. We don’t have any instances of that. We weren’t auction market makers in any major sense of that word. While we did do some business in between period dates, we really didn’t do much. We didn’t have much inventory ourselves at all. This is a problem that I think is going to go away. The regulators are still being unreasonable in their demands in terms of having this happen, because they simply don’t understand how the process works, number one. Number two, this was one of the first manifestations of this perfect storm caused by sub-prime and related credit issues, and to be frank, this is absolute nonsense. If I had been Chairman of the SEC, I’d have slammed the New York Attorney General for this activity, and I think it’s not only been unfair, it’s been unreasonable. In our case, we have very clear warnings on our confirms about the inability of auctions leading to illiquidity in the marketplace, and we do have separate categories on our clients’ statements. This has been nothing, to some of the members of the industries who didn’t participate in some of these kinds of activities I described, short of extortion. Some of those guys could look at the remediation of that as positive, because they could buy these assets in at positive spreads and finance them at the window at 1.5 or 2%. Some of those programs really haven’t triggered yet. They announced that they were happening in January and in April, and hopefully by then more of this will have gone away as we get this increased liquidity for borrowing in the marketplace, and this would be a fairly safe utilization so long as you stay out of the scholarship student loan activities, which have some problems associated with them that are special. A wise lender actually could make some good money in this business. If the government doesn’t do it themselves, which I would suspect would actually be beneficial to them because they’re trying to get credit into some of these same institutions that have announced buybacks. What are they going to do with those? If they could get them refinanced some way and off their balance sheets, it would actually improve the credit conditions at those institutions just the way the direct infusions of capital would. I would think that’d be a good alternative.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And can you just give us a little more detail on the necessity of a tri-party repo agreement between RJN and Raymond James Bank and why the $300 million is necessary as opposed to the $78 million that was talked about in the footnotes?
Jeffrey Julien: As we talked about, that was mirroring a bank exemption that was permitted to allow affiliated institutions to provide secured financing only supported by collateral permitted under Reg W where that type of lending had become less available in the marketplace. We have not even used our bank facility at all yet, not even the $78 million. We put it in place as a contingency backstop when the darkest days of September were upon us. We didn’t even know if committed lenders were going to live up to their commitments at one point in time. As it turns out, the availability of those lines has continued apace. We are in the process of putting other committed lines in place with other lenders such that when the $300 million ability runs out, if it does, or if it’s not extended at the end of January, that’ll be a somewhat non-event. We don’t carry large inventories, as you know, Joel. We’re carrying $200 to $300 million at this point in time in terms of financeable inventories. So, we don’t really need $1 billion worth of secured lines. But we’d like to comfortably have enough secured lines in place that when the bank line goes away, it will be a non-event. As Tom pointed out, secured lending is available in the marketplace under fairly conservative collateral requirements and margin requirements, et cetera. But it’s the unsecured lending that has really totally dried up.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay, great. And then just lastly, given what’s going on with the decline in the economy and then concerns about commercial real estate, is there any thought about reconsidering your strategy at the bank in terms of aggressively pursuing commercial loans?
Thomas James: I don’t like to use the word commercial loans. I like to use real estate related lending and that would be development oriented as opposed to general mortgages, and use corporate lending. On the corporate lending side, I would tell you that so far we really haven’t had any problem loans. We have a couple that we have rated at some of the lower quality levels, but actually the companies are performing quite well with respect to coverage in terms of EBITDA performance. Where we think our big advantage is, is understanding the individual corporations. We can invest with management teams that we know, with businesses that we understand, and industries that we have great internal knowledge about. As you know, we have announced that we had intended prior to all this to convert to a bank, which would make us a bank holding company. We still intend to do that. We would love to do it sooner than later in the event that some other future timeframe has problems with liquidity so that we have the availability of the Fed window ourselves directly. From a business strategy, we had to go through this, I will describe it as Mickey Mouse from my perspective, dynamic of pumping money into the bank and then investing it overnight in real estate related short-term securities, then taking it right back out to meet a requirement which is a fully permissible activity, and in fact was supported with the regulators who didn’t want us to cease becoming an S&L. We really should do it anyway, because our business is much more corporate related. We understand how to buy good real estate mortgages and are still doing it. But in the interest of diversification we will always maintain participation in different forms of loans. We will always have allocation within the corporate side of the portfolio. But the fact is we’re going to have larger amounts in corporate loans than we do in real estate related loans. In the commercial real estate end of the business, we will continue to be extremely cautious. I want to remind you that the total size of that lending was less than 1% of our balance sheet. We will continue to exercise caution. I have done development myself. As a matter of fact, this firm at one-time had a subsidiary that was in the homebuilding and townhouse-type building operation. I know what the risks are in down periods and so I don’t like A&D loans. I certainly don’t like them if you’re not receiving 700 basis points over. As you may recall, we were getting a 150 over in the banking industry to do some of this financing for the bigger developers. We don’t really have any intention of being a major player in that kind of activity anytime where you’re not paid to do it. The outlook isn’t so rosy. It was clear by the way; when you see investors paying down payments and flipping them, that there’s a lot of risk in the real estate marketplace. That’s when you exit. We had actually really pulled back from these activities two years earlier. We don’t have nearly as much exposure as our other compatriots, especially in Florida, California, Texas, and Nevada. Our bank is kind of rock-solid compared to the rest of the industry.
Jeffrey Julien: Joel, let me give you a couple of other reasons; the answer to your question is no, we don’t plan to alter our strategy going forward. Besides from the internal knowledge base with research and investment banking of these companies and industry, historically the corporate commercial loans side has been more profitable than the residential mortgage side, not always true given some of the pricing anomalies in the market today, but historically, that’s been true. We certainly want to put ourselves in a position to take advantage of that if normality returns to spreads there. Another factor is availability. In case you hadn’t noticed, there are fewer mortgages being originated today than in the past. There are also fewer corporate loans available today. But availability swings back and forth, and again we need to be in a position to go where the goods are if we’re in a growth mode and have cash to put to work, and that may be more on the corporate side than it is on the residential side at any point in time. One of the most important factors to me is that the corporate loans are all floating rate as opposed to the 5/1 type ARMs that we typically buy in the residential portfolio, which is a much better match interest rate risk-wise to our bank’s balance sheet, where all the deposits virtually are floating rate.
Steven Raney: Just to provide a few numbers for you. As of September 30, our corporate and real estate lending portfolio was about $4.6 billion in outstandings. Approximately $3 billion of that were corporate loans. About $1.6 billion in commercial real estate. Also included in that $1.6 billion is our loans to REITs. So of that $1.6 billion, a little bit less than $100 million were in the residential acquisition and development in homebuilder space. That gives you a little bit more diversification and color for the size of the portfolio as of September 30.
Joel Jeffrey: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time, we have no additional questions in queue.
Thomas James: I want to thank you very much for spending the time with us this morning. All of us look forward to a period when market conditions are rosier, but this is the kind of environment when I think the good management teams will prove their worth for analysts. We look forward to continuing to generate relatively good results as we go forward into 2009. We look forward to talking to you in the near future, certainly at the next quarterly call. Thank you very much for participating.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-07-24 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Raymond James Financial Analysts Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Tom James. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas A. James: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone. It's a pleasure as usual to talk to you a little bit about the quarterly results this quarter and third quarter. Of course our comparisons are good relative to the rest of the Street. I wouldn't say that, if we were eliminating the conditions of the market that they would be satisfactory to us. But I'll have more to say about that later as I try to kind of look at some sort of a normalization hypothetic to get some sort of feel of how management would judge we are doing, which I think publicly has some more value than just looking at stale numbers. As we of course reported, our net revenues did achieve a new record at $742 million for the quarter, we actually had a slight decline in gross revenues. If you look at securities commissions, the major number, you see a 5% increase over last year's comparable quarter. I would tell you that, almost were more than all of that essentially or all of that is derived from increase in mainly fixed income institutional commissions. But both institutional categories were up over last year's comparisons. Two factors, on the equity side, we continue to have very good activity and are being rewarded for our research. On the fixed income side, we've seen more activity, hedge funds, other large buyers that are looking for good opportunities in the marketplace. And as I reported to you before, we have a major effort underway to distinguish securitized tools from each other so that we can give good recommendations to clients about how to upgrade their portfolios or they are looking at the bottom fish to be able to acquire once and have more opportunity for price appreciation. And that's going on very well. And in addition, we've had some pretty substantial additions to the sales force but they wouldn't have impacted these numbers very much. We've added 12 or 13 fixed income salesmen just in our Memphis office during the last quarter as a result of Bear Stearns as a deal with JPMorgan where they have actually backed out of some areas that they are in on a regional basis because of overlap or strategic differences at the corporation. But also, there are some problematic situations at some of the other broker-dealers that are present in that market as there are in other marketplaces. Again, editorializing on those commission numbers, I would say that RJA continues to do very well. As a result of its recruiting, we have positive recruiting picking up momentum in RJFS. But the continued drip drip of bad information in the marketplace does have some impact on the retail commission flow. So the Private Client Group is actually doing extremely well in my view in light of the backdrop. I hope that conditions will improve, they obviously have in just the recent past, but the sub-prime crisis really isn't totally over, real estate prices are still in decline mode. There is a chance that we really do fall off the table with a real recession of some magnitude. I really don't care whether you call it a recession or don't call it a recession if it's mainly flat. But the only way we increase numbers as either through productivity enhancement, which is unlikely if we have that kind of a market environment or with additional new salespeople which I suspect is continuing a pace, I don't foresee any real changes in terms of that activity, we continue to add to both sales forces fairly rapid fashion with a large number of the spending time in what we call Home Office visits by prospects who visit here. So, the color there is good and even RJ Limited is adding sales people and we're doing fairly well in the UK also. So I expect to see some growth there over time. So, I'm happy with that. When you look at interest, the... you still have the impact of lower rates and of somewhat lower spreads whenever you have lower rates, they are lower than we would have anticipated I would tell you in our own projections, here spreads are down from where we would expect them to be but our volume is once again of cash deposits at the firm is growing, not just at the bank, but at the broker-dealer as people continue to join the firm as new clients, as new FAs come on or as a... just have chosen us as their service provider. And then net trading profits were up for the quarter. This is a reflection of the fact here in at least the last two quarters, we've seen a pickup in terms of profitability of fixed income trading that is offsetting the continuing losses that you have for execution facilitation for the institutional equity side of the business. So this is back to more normal type conditions for us. There are great opportunities out there, and actually ours... our results are somewhat curtailed by the fact as you might guess we have continued to be conservative in terms of inventory positions reflecting some concern with the lenders markets as they seem to still be leery of having outstanding balances at the end of a quarter or even the end of a month, because they're trying to work on perception in terms of lowering their leverage ratios, even at the very large banks which you wouldn't think would be that impacted but the fact is instructions are clearly reduced outstanding balances at reporting periods. So, you should be aware that that's still going on. There was a pretty large increase in other quarter-to-quarter comparisons, I don't really have any specific detail for that. I have some, but I haven't really even analyzed that, and it's too hard to call these things quarter-to-quarter on other anyway. So when you look at the net revenues as I said, those were record level, that is impressive in this time frame. We continue to have a somewhat higher commission compensation type expense increase on the form level than we have in commissions and fees. That would be troubling, except for the fact that you have to recognize that the continuing rapid rate of recruiting tends to increase the non-direct payout compensation factors, and so we've had slight escalation in terms of the total payout rates inclusive of all benefits and indirect costs of compensation. Communication and information processing is reasonably well controlled. We've had big increases in occupancy costs and equipment costs, those reflect loss in [ph] new offices year-over-year, more actually than probably I would like to see, but the opportunities are so good in terms of number of recruits that are available in the marketplace. We've been more aggressive than perhaps our plan. As I mentioned on the recruiting front, just to give you for example, in RJA we've already reached our objectives for new recruits for the year with the quarter less. So this is a... that's costly because it involves more front money, more operating expenses, more ACAT expenses, all kinds of costs that are directly attributable to the recruiting process. But as I said, when you have these upsets in the industry one should take advantage of them. So expenses in total were up at the same rate as net revenues, normally we'd like to see some margin increase, but without having the commissions really up at a higher rate, you're not going to see any margin expansion, is what I would tell you. And of course, that resulted in a record net income quarter where we almost made $70 million after taxes and resulted in a very good quarter of $0.59 versus $0.57 on a slightly smaller average share outstanding fully diluted base. So, those... remember we probably purchased almost three million shares in the marketplace. And offsetting that we've had option exercises and issuance of restricted stock for all these recruits that I have just mentioned which is part of the cost element that I described. Pre-tax margins were good in the quarter at 14.2, after-tax margins at 8.65, those are gross. So if you look at them on net, which is maybe better we were still 9.43 on an after-tax basis which is very good. And I did mention, the compensation rates which are up somewhat on the gross revenues, which is reflecting some of these issues. But net interest income is up considerably, that's mainly bank-related as we move more balances to the bank, also during this year period. So you don't see as much of the benefit in PCG as you might have expected to see in this period. And then when you look at rate of return, I mean, the tax rate, it's higher than our normal average projected rates and the reason for that is [inaudible] and we of course have had declines in market price of securities in which the [inaudible] assets are invested. So this has resulted in this somewhat distorted higher tax rate. Hopefully we get back to some period here in the near future where we get increases quarter-to-quarter and appreciation. When you look at that... at that quarter and try to look at it on a segment basis as my press release focused on this particular quarter, you see PCG actually with a decline. That relates again to some unusual factors more than anything else. In compensation expense now, you are impacted by stock price changes during the quarter for unqualified options. And as a consequence of that, last year's quarter had a $6 million credit and this year's quarter has a $2.3 million expense. So you have an $8 million... over $8 million swing in that particular cost factor in PCG for independent contractors. And the... so when you look at that, and we had about $2 million in other costs related to independent contractor cost and we have some unusual costs that again are mainly timing differences in Raymond James Limited. So on the expense side, with no real commission and revenue when you have this kind of increase along with just your general inflation, you're going to have a lower margin. But this one is distorted in terms of the difference and when you look at the prior quarter, that's reinforced, where I think we had $52 million in contribution versus $56 million last year and then we're $36 million kind of numbers this year. So, I don't expect that to continue, is what I would tell you. But you are always going to have these factors on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and that resulted in all those taxes. So essentially, you also had a downturn in the asset management group, which reflects the fact that assets are down as a result of the market decline, you've got flat fees, higher costs. The only reason fees are flat is we earned some performance fees, they are not monumental in our models because we just don't have that many accounts on performance basis. Fees, but the... that's an unusual thing too, it's normally more consistent grower, but the biggest impact here clearly is, market barriers. And when you think back to PCG, you need to recall that a lot of our income in PCG is related to fees also, so that even our FA gross revenues are directly impacted by the fact that you might have some decline as a result of the market on assets under their management or which they have placed in the control of professionals so that really is the two declining factors, capital markets is up for sort of the reverse reasons that one would expect, equity capital markets continues to be depressed, especially in the investment banking side, the commission volume, as I mentioned, is good there. But fixed income, which has been a drag for three years is generating near record revenue levels in terms of institutional commissions and generating very good profits. So it's nice to have counter balancing factors in capital markets, but we're clearly not running on all cylinders and that's the point to remember here even though we have achieved some increases and you see relatively good activity in terms of the number of underwritings. But the fact is, the new issue business itself is about more of an... and the continuing financing which we benefit from in real estate in oil and gas and other energy continues to be reasonably good, and in fact we're getting some lead assignments, M&A activity is okay, it's not great, it's down on an industry basis too. But our people are very busy. And we are also taking advantage of some of these times again on the recruiting front to add people in our consumer segment in our West Coast offices and we're trying to add internationally for cross-border business and so we're in a lot of discussions, nothing to report there, but we continue to look and I view that as sort of the planning to seed variety and not as something that would generate large immediate revenue associated with it either. But, again pretty healthy other than equity capital markets, and I've saved the best for last of course, the bank which seems to continue to generate consternation on behalf of certain analysts, I read a report by a shorting service choosing us as the short... and let me just say, empathetically that I can understand why somebody just looking at raw numbers and the growth of the assets at the bank would have a concern that we would be in for a spade of larger write-off and in fact the answer is, sure they are going to be higher if you got much higher balances. The question is whether they are higher proportionately or not and what I would tell you is, we're still benefiting from the fact that lot of these loans are relatively new, although we bought a lot of our additional loans, which are mainly corporate loans, I want to point out to you, we've added to our whole loan packages in real estate, but we're really not issuing new A&D loans or anything like that. So these are single family home loans by and large and we are being very circumspect in terms of the purchases, as I've pointed out to you before and our reports indicate, we continue to review individual loans when we evaluate packages of loans for purchase, and we reject a very high percentage of the loans we look at even though those with high FICA score. You need to understand that the quality level is very high in those but at the same time I want to point out we have told you before and I'm going to continue to tell you we expect those loans to have some real losses associated with them, certainly on the commercial side where we have a very small exposure in real estate, A&D type loans and in loans to real estate companies, I think we've reported a $127 million, I've got Steve Raney, our bank president. Yes, we have a $110 million in outstandings, but that's a very small percentage of our total portfolio. So we don't have a lot of big exposure and I would tell you that the loans were well underwritten, and even if we take some of those back into REO, that's owned real estate for those of you that don't use the bank jargon, we, in fact, don't anticipate we're going to have major write-offs from these things relative to the amount of reserves that we've already accumulated on our own portfolio and we don't seem to be developing any problems as of yet on the corporate front. But as I pointed out to you before, we won't really test the quality of our underwriting skill on traditional corporate lending until we have a real recession and a real downturn, sure, you will have isolated instances of companies that have problems when you have as large a portfolio of loans as we have. But remember that we are making these loans in industries where we have great knowledge inside the company where we know the industries well, we usually know the individual companies well even before we've seen the opportunities, and I think we have the analytical skills to do a very high-quality job in this lending. But as our larger peers have proven even though as they thought they had good lending techniques, you can have losses especially if you get caught up in the euphoria at the time in making loans and trying to be competitive with everyone that offers. So, now when I tell our FAs at their national conventions that they can expect that we are going to turn down loans for even some of their clients who they think are wealthy, they will understand that number one, we're not taking the risk at the bank and number two, we're going to be competitive, but that doesn't necessarily mean you win every competition on the cost of a loan to the borrower. So, right this minute, they appreciate that point of view, they normally do not, but I would tell you that that's the policy here, our subsidiaries stand on their own two feet in terms of their business practices. So you've seen a big ramp up. Now, let me just give you one other perspective because I think it's important that you understand that we did ramp this business up rather rapidly but we didn't do it until we had a full complement of lenders that we thought could perform this function participating generally in syndications with a large number of the banks that we know in the industry and again, in the areas where we have expertise. But we did do it in the secondary market when secondary markets became very attractive, we were able to buy seasoned loans, okay, that actually had experience often were much better quality than they were when they were issued, and we bought them at discounts. So from a timing standpoint, we didn't get in at the market high on all of these securities. It doesn't mean we don't have some that we would rather issue in today's marketplace, but the fact is, we generally are benefiting from higher spreads on the loans we've got contrasted to our peer groups' portfolios, which I'd like to take great credit for, but I would tell you some of it is a function of timing when we grew the bank. So, we are benefiting from this and at the same time you need to understand while we have these large additions, I think another 12 million during the quarter to our reserves as a result of new loans that are put on incrementally net, the fact is that we've now slowed down that rate relative to the base because we kind of put off some of the sweep changes, we still have a lot of money to move from the broker-dealer to the bank over time that we elect to do so. Now, the... we also had very good organic growth, still while slowed down for a while during tax season and cash need periods. The fact is that the continuing growth of cash flow to the firm from new clients and existing clients is higher than we had anticipated and we are getting good organic growth without any sweep changes. So, from the perspective of CEO, manager pays a lot of attention to what it looks like from the 10,000-foot point of view, you need to understand that we are not converting ourselves to a bank. First, we are... the bank is part of our overall services and it is... it's goal is to serve our clients as their cash repository, which means that we must run it very conservatively, number one. But number two, we've got a lot of the capital committed to it now and we would like the growth to be nearer to our corporate growth rates so that we maintain the balance of our businesses, which while we may continue to grow at a rate somewhat higher than the rest of the business, certainly in down markets, on average, it isn't going to be a lot more, because we want to keep the amount of capital allocated to that business in line with the amount of capital we are allocating to our other businesses currently, we've pretty much got the balance right. Now what is the impact of that strategy from a quarter-to-quarter analysis point of view? It's that you don't have as big reserves being created, which means your current profitability is somewhat higher than it would have been and you have sort of a catch-up factor going on where these higher spreads, these higher balances are being reflected now in more gross interest and more net interest at the bank, and a higher ROE now, which is more in line with the long-term objectives that when Jeff first laid out for our analyst projections going forward. They're probably pretty consistent with those early analysis of where we might be three years into the program. So this is getting more like the steady state although we are still growing, this is more like the steady state business model than that which you've seen before with the rapid ramp-up. So, you need to understand that when you look at these numbers, so this bank has essentially offset during this particular quarter, some anomalies with respect to expense, but also some weakened segments, the PCG being a little slower than normal in spite of the fact all the engines are running right except for the market and equity capital markets which is going to suffer from this market condition, and tell it is a more appropriate time for issuers to bring stock to market. So, that's the reason that I focused in the press release on the segment analysis, I hope you have some appreciation for the fact there is an overall strategy to how we grow the business, how we manage risk here in our approach to the business and I'll be the last one to tell you that while Maria on CNBC said, yesterday we crushed the competition. I'd like to take a step back and say, we are a little different business than a lot of the competition and so when you compare us, even to Merrill Lynch who clearly changed its business model to its own detriment during the last couple of years, but if you look at some of these other investment banks with whom the numbers are at least compared, the fact is we are not in the same businesses those guys are, and you need to appreciate the differences and you need to measure the risk. It's not to say we don't have risk, we do have risk, all of our businesses have risk and we certainly have some things... I reported to you on Turkey in the past telling you that I thought there was a good chance we would end up closing down in Turkey if anything were closer to that than before, we have taken the appropriate reserves for that already in the past to be prepared for that action. To be frank, the regulatory and government policy that the legal systems there that are acting [inaudible] to a foreign corporation operating there, and it's really difficult to operate intelligently. So, I suspect we'll close that down. That's dirt on us even if it's not going to impact our earnings and to be frank, what bothers me the most is we have a lot of good people there whose lives will be impacted by this although they are so good they'll all get jobs, but the... it's painful to me to reach a conclusion like that in the marketplace, but sometimes you need to make decisions like that. The... we have a interesting situation developing with one of our recent corporate proprietary purchases, [inaudible] which relates to prior acts by the past management that where there are some claims by the government that the prior owner violated its own agreement and the government has taken upon itself to take some acts against us even though we are a new corporation after a mass asset purchase, which in my view is totally inappropriate but the fact is that and we don't know what we are going to do with that purchase. So we have the right under certain conditions to take actions or a recession, or damages and we're evaluating all those alternatives. So, we don't have any reserves taken for any of that because we still think there is a very strong likelihood that whatever happens we'll emerge unscathed except for bruise, pride and a lot of time expended, and legal fees on that. But these things happen and I would be the last one to claim that we have all the expertise to avoid every single risk. I love all the accolades when they come, but for heaven's sake keep in mind that we'll have our day in the -- up above the water with people throwing balls trying to knock us down. So, just some comments with respect to that. Obviously when you look at it on a year-to-date basis for the nine months, we continue to have net revenues up 10%, we have net income about almost flat down 1% from last year. I personally believe that's outstanding performance under the circumstances and the weaknesses in the certain segments that I mentioned. If this condition continues the way we are operating in the marketplace, and I don't mean the last week, I would suspect that it will impact the Private Client Group and it will impact Capital Markets. But if, in fact, we're looking at the end of real estate problems somewhere 12 months out, I would say mid 2009, we should pretty well have completely digested the problems from the meltdown. You could see a market at the beginning of the calendar year discounting all that activity, if it is not doing so already. And it's very hard to ascertain what the longer-term direction is, but clearly a thousand points ago, you saw the kinds of feelings where you're trying to make a bottom in the marketplace. And so, I tend to take a longer view anyway. All I can tell you is that we are certainly a much stronger company relative to where we were a year ago when all of us started than we were then. And that means that when we come out of this market decline, I think we will see some well above the average growth rates in terms of revenues and profit growth assuming we can't find some other potholes to manage to run over in the industry which seems to be the best of some of our participants. And perhaps we are going to even have a more sensible updated modern regulatory system to deal with some of the challenges in the industry going forward, because the biggest fear I have is systemic as an industry, some of the regulatory risk, some of the inter-relationships business-to-business, etcetera, and that's why members of our management, Chet Helck in Sifma [ph], Dick Averitt in various independent contractor groups and I, in the Financial Services Roundtable are spending a great deal of time trying to work on these industry issues to try to see if we can forge a more practical and foreseeing regulatory structure working jointly with regulators as opposed to this enforcement mentality that seems to exist all the time as a way to make new rules, etcetera. It's not a good way to handle problems, and if we don't plan together, we're not going to maintain our global competitive advantages. So, I think that's important. One final comment and then we'll open to questions, and that's that, one of the things that we got to remind is, in spite of the fact that we have a very strong balance sheet where our assets, lot of them are either at the bank or they are cash deposits at the broker-dealer with offsetting 15 C-3 deposits etcetera, meaning we don't have a lot of real leverage at the company. I was shaken by the behavior of some of these large institutions, and we have gone back to look at restructuring our balance sheet through developing some term loans as well as backup lines of credit, committed lines of credit, and as Jamie Dimon has often reminded me there is no such thing as an uncommitted line of credit and nearest I can say is with the exception of JP Morgan and Wells Fargo and a few other people that have acted like they are committed, even when they are uncommitted, he's right and so we're putting ourselves in a position to essentially be able to take more advantage of this market, we would have bought more stock back had we been in a position to assure ourselves that credit would be available and you have to understand when you look at this that a year earlier, the banks were calling us clamoring for us to draw down our lines to borrow money against all these assets and we never had anything borrowed. And so now when we had an opportunity to use money intelligently to buy back the best investment that I could find that I understand at very low prices, we did indeed get to $20 a share. I... and there are opportunities in the marketplace, both within our existing units and on an acquisition basis, we need to have some dry powder for those opportunities. So we've completely revisited it, the structure and Jeff Julien, our CFO is involved in restructuring this debt and we have a lot of friends in the banking industry who stand ready to join our group. So, the cost will be a little higher now than they were a year ago, because people figured out there are more risks in financial services than they thought. Now I would argue that we should have proven that they aren’t with us, but they tend to throw the same net over the industry, so... but I think that's the thing that probably has kept Lehman Brothers above water in this downturn even with its high leverage because of its debt structure for which I commend Dick Fuld. But these are strange times, they teach lessons, these things do happen, they happen infrequently but we need to be prepared for them and certainly we want to take advantage of the opportunities that are presented in these times. So it's extremely important that we act judiciously to restructure. And with that, I invite you to ask questions. We got Jeff Julien, our CFO; we got Chet Helck, our Chief Operating Officer; we've got Steve Raney, Head of our Bank; we got Jennifer Ackart, who I like to say is our financial chauffeur, and any answers that we're supposed to know that we don't, we will refer to her. So any questions you have, we would love to entertain. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Lee Matheson with K.J. Harrison & Partners. Please go ahead.
Lee Matheson: Hi, good morning guys.
Thomas A. James: Good morning, Lee.
Lee Matheson: Just a couple of quick things. In terms of... on the private client group and the addition of these advisors, can you give me some sort of update in terms of where the upfront payments are trending either what you guys paid for to bring these guys over or what the general industry is looking like and ended that up in the last 36 months?
Thomas A. James: No, I'd say, actually maybe up slightly... it would be up on an average at our firm only because we are recruiting people with higher average gross production. So if you're looking in the teams with multibillion-dollar production, we would be somewhat over 100%, it might be 110%, it might be 120%, average is still somewhere between 60% and 100% upfront. We prefer to use some good portion of that in stock. The industry is still higher, the firms that have net outflows are somewhat frantic in an effort to maintain positive count. And so you see them making large offers which is... the people that take those offers under the circumstances are going to pay for it, because some of these reputations have been besmirched at these firms and it isn't going to be easy. We are benefiting from the fact that we stayed out of the fray here. So... but all firms again I'm going to add a degree, it seems as if all firms think everybody else is higher than they are. So, I would prefer to say that what we can do and we certainly can recruit with our current levels. We have productivity growth still going on at both firms in spite of all these factors that I've mentioned. That's why I say, I think we're a little bit vulnerable, but that also augurs well for rate of return on investment because the key here is to make sure that you are making wise investments and not buying production on its way down as opposed to production on its way up. So...
Lee Matheson: Absolutely, from a balance sheet aspect, what... I mean, I don't know if you guys are really... but can you give us an idea what non-bank cash level was at the quarter-end?
Thomas A. James: I will defer to Jeff and Jennifer on that. Jeff says [inaudible] as he is pulling out another book of financial data that he thinks it was around 200 million and with... what kind of borrowing... 400 million.
Jeffrey P. Julien: But a lot of that is in sub where we wouldn't really call it readily investable or available for dividend of the parent.
Lee Matheson: Right.
Jeffrey P. Julien: In terms of true parent-free cash, as Tom mentioned earlier, we've, without reducing the capitalization levels of some of our subs, we substantially deployed our free cash at this point in time.
Lee Matheson: I am sorry, can you just reiterate the share buyback program, what the activity was under that ?
Jeffrey P. Julien: It was next to nominal this quarter, no open market purchase to speak of at all.
Lee Matheson: I see. Okay.
Thomas A. James: Remember, our discipline is somewhat different than other people, we don't do it on a consistent basis.
Lee Matheson: Right.
Thomas A. James: We buy it when we think the multiple of book and earnings are low and very attractive over a longer term viewpoint, and that's why I say we had a real opportunity, we could have bought a lot more back which if we had had more free cash and hadn't been successfully  deploying it in our proprietary capital activities and in the bank, the main part in the bank, of course, we would have bought more stock.
Lee Matheson: Fair enough. And then just one last one on... just in terms of, you guys are scouting maybe for acquisitions looking at some of the publicly traded and mid-market investment banks, they are all trading substantially over tangible book value, I mean, is there an opportunity for you guys to go in and beef up in areas that you find attractive in geographies you feel attractive in that space? And also on the asset management division, bolting some things on to heritage or doing lift-outs there, can you just comment on those?
Thomas A. James: Yes. On the part of the broker-dealers, yes, I'm well aware of the comment you just made about some of the smaller investment banks out there that are... have reasonably good franchises, unfortunately you can't just bolt them on, you've got some overlap. So, when you do your analysis, you have to decide what earnings power are you really adding when you do this. You also need to be prepared to sustain some current losses during a period of inactivity. So, heretofore, that's about as far as I can go, when we got into these analysis, we've had a little difficulty with our own staff being real comfortable with wanting to go through the process of making these evaluations of current and external staff, and instead of adding one plus one, adding up with one-and-a-half instead of two. It's... they don't really like the process, but it's certainly a possibility given the current market and it's not something that we are not looking at. I mean, we are evaluating potential opportunities in that space, but we haven't done any more than that currently. We have talked to some of the smaller boutiques that really do have the attributes of bolt-ons that should have lower price expectations. But to-date, haven't shown to you know except those kinds of prices, but look if this goes on a little longer in the capital markets, I would suspect we can do that. In the meantime though probably it's at least equally as opportunistic for us to take some of these individuals that are either still with places they are nervous about or who have been cut back as a result of some of these sort of gross across-the-board cuts, that have gone on especially with some of the younger associates that have a tremendous potential. On the Asset Management side, we continue to be very active in looking at companies. We recently participated in a process and came in second. So the... in very close bid form on prices we are...
Lee Matheson: In the retail mutual funds space? Sorry, in the retail mutual funds space?
Thomas A. James: No, it was in the portfolio management individual accounts space.
Lee Matheson: Okay, yes.
Thomas A. James: But we're looking in all spaces, so what I would tell you is that I really do anticipate that we will see some opportunities. Again we needed to bolster the balance sheet to take advantage of this, also before I would have felt comfortable right now certainly writing a check for more than $100 billion for something. Smaller acquisitions are different or stock acquisitions or larger deals are different. I would... I [inaudible] there may be some other larger institutional owners that may still be considering perhaps withdrawing from various spaces that might be of interest to us.
Lee Matheson: Okay, excellent. Okay, well, thanks guys.
Thomas A. James: There is opportunity and we are spending time looking at things.
Lee Matheson: Great, thanks Tom.
Thomas A. James: Thanks Lee.
Operator: And next we have a question from the line of Doug Sipkin with Wachovia. Please go ahead
Douglas Sipkin: Yes, hi, good morning everyone. Just a bunch of questions.
Thomas A. James: How are you doing, Doug?
Douglas Sipkin: I'm doing all right. Wachovia's stock was up 28% yesterday. So the first good day in a long time. Hope it lasts.
Thomas A. James: [inaudible] little point was that?
Douglas Sipkin: All right, hey, come on, don't rain on my parade. A couple of quick questions. On the retail business looking at on the segment basis retail revenues, and you might have explained this and I apologize if I missed it. The 20 some odd million drop in retail revenues, I mean, can you talk a little bit more about what drove that? I mean, I know retail is softer but maybe the dynamic of the spreads compressing?
Thomas A. James: Yes, part of it is the interest that I mentioned. We moved some assets out of broker-dealer into the bank, about $550 million. In addition, the spread compression from about 60 basis points to 40 basis points during the quarter. Are you talking to gross? Yes, if you're looking at gross, you need to understand that just the rate differential will drive you down.
Douglas Sipkin: Can you talk a little bit about that dynamic and what would be a better environment for sort of the spreads and retail?
Thomas A. James: Well, that factor, just the net interest spreads. Yes, Jeff I'll just defer it to you.
Jeffrey P. Julien: What would be a better environment, I think that the answer to that is going to be when rates start rising a little there seems to be... this happened before back in '01 to '03 time frame when rates got back down into drill bit sizes. We saw some compression on spreads because just the absolute of the percentage differential in rates, there's some psychology to the differential. I mean 50 basis points doesn't sound like that big a difference when you're talking about the difference between 6.5 and 7. But when you're talking about the difference between 1.5 and 1, it's a huge percentage difference. So, with rates at this lower level, we're going to... we see some compression in spread. We see it in the stock loan business as well, it's not just in the customer cash versus overnight investment side.
Douglas Sipkin: I was just under the impression that you guys are going to see a little bit of a bounce back this quarter because of the fact that the Fed cut so much...
Jeffrey P. Julien: And we did, that is one to the degree we thought it would be. And even as we sit here today, the spread that we... the most common spread we look at in the broker-dealer is between a customer cash deposit and the overnight rate we're able to invest that at, which has historically been about a 65 basis point spread, today it's sitting at about 40.
Douglas Sipkin: So, I guess in an environment of rising interest rates, that dynamic would benefit you?
Jeffrey P. Julien: That's correct.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Shorter and longer term.
Douglas Sipkin: Yes, second point, I mean the non-comp moved up quite a bit this quarter. Tom had mentioned quite a bit of expense related to retail brokerage, hiring new offices, etcetera. Any color around... I mean obviously I know some of this is tied to revenues, but would you characterize $137 million as sort of a little bit of an outlier or more sort of new realistic type of rate given the revenue base, well talking non-comp?
Jeffrey P. Julien: Non-comp, not interest. I would say that there is nothing... that's large, abnormal. Yes, the options which would... maybe taking them up...
Jennifer Ackart: No, there wasn't anything particularly large...
Thomas A. James: I think that's probably where we are. The... again as I said, if you're running at an inflation rate of 4% to 6% depending on aberrational kinds of things that go on quarter-to-quarter, you ought to get more growth in commissions and fees in these levels to have any margin expansion. That's been typical of our model when we're in... I always say that it's costing at least 200 basis points at the current rate of growth that we have, and maybe more. So, you need to understand that we are making that investment in the future, and so I suspect that the operating costs are going to be about where you see them. But I'm excited about the additions. You need to understand that this recruiting activity, when I say that it's good, it's not just good, it's about as many office visits as we can basically handle and we are talking to a lot of people... a lot of people in the pipeline, and I think this is going to continue, but it does bring with it incremental expense.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Back to first question, let's put some numbers to it on the decline in Private Client Group gross revenues. From this year's quarter to last year's was $37 million of that decline of the $27 million decline was related to the gross interest rates.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Net interest was relatively flat year-to-year in the segment, but the gross interest because of the rate declines were a big part of that.
Douglas Sipkin: Sure, well, that's helpful. Can you talk just a little bit more on the bank and let me speak to [inaudible], looking at the sort of net interest margins for the quarter, pretty consistent to even some of the larger banks, 3.09% on earning assets. I mean, can that go higher or is that a function of just the paper you guys are putting on at the better prices, I mean, where do you see that going if it can continue to move up?
Steven Raney: Doug, good morning, it's Steve. How are you doing?
Douglas Sipkin: Pretty good, how are you, Steve?
Steven Raney: That was the function of a couple of things, if you remember, at the very beginning of March, so you didn't see the full impact of this last quarter. In the March quarter-end, we'd changed the pricing methodology that we're using in the bank on the Raymond James Bank deposit program. If you remember, we had determined that the benchmark, one of the main benchmarks that we're using contained a lot of money market funds that had riskier assets in them. And we didn't feel like that was appropriate given the profile of the bank and the FDIC insurance. So, we made that change at the very beginning of March. So you have the full impact of that pricing differential in this quarter, the June quarter-end. And then also couple that with, as you know, the assets that we have been adding, we've been able to put on new assets at better spreads. I would say that, I don't think that that level is sustainable, I would say that, that's probably 20 to 30 basis points higher than what I would say is more long-term sustainable, although we are obviously going to ride this as long as we can.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: There are two other... I would say that there are two other things that happened during the quarter that make it non-sustainable. One is, I think we had a very artificially high LIBOR relative to our cost of funding, and I mean firstly all of our commercial portfolios keep off of LIBOR and that differential between that and Fed funds rates accrue to us, a very big gap relative to historic norms. And secondly, the Fed continued to cut rates during the quarter. As you know, we have about $2.2 billion of residential loans that are in that five year fixed rate period before they put the floating rate and our cost of funding those dropped as the Fed contained the lower rates. We won't see that anymore, we don't think we'll see continued lowering going forward. So those are two other factors that I think Steve and I and the bank folks kind of think that a sustainable rate is somewhere closer to 2.5 to 2.75 based on what we've got in place today.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. Could you just chime in on the credit quality obviously I don't think it's a surprise non-accruals jumped a good amount, but I don't know if that relates to some of the developmental stuff or that's just general normal seasoning and any expectations for where that sort of non-accrual and non-performing percentage can go to over a time period?
Jeffrey P. Julien: Sure. Doug, that... as you know when you are starting from the real low base that can be very lumpy and affected by a handful of names. We did add some corporate loans to the non-accruals that were some larger loans that we had had in non-accrual before that were almost exclusively the residential loans. So that... and almost all of that the increase was related to residential acquisition and development homed over type loans, also the charge-offs in the quarter related to the same credits. So, in addition to some residential loans, about $3.5 million of the $5 million that we had in charge-offs was related to our corporate portfolio with about $1.5 million in charge-offs on our residential portfolio. All the... and that and the non-accruals are related to one another. In terms of looking out, I would anticipate some additional loans going into non-accrual status, we have an increase in our watch loans and increase in categories of credit size loans that are not in non-accrual status now, but I would... we would expect some increase in that, just given continued softness, particularly in this residential acquisition and development space, which we've quantified for you. We have a total outstanding of $110 million in that industry segment. That number has come down by about a third over the last 12 months or so. We're not adding anything more in that space, but we are very fortunate we have a very small percentage of the bank's balance sheet devoted to that industry segment.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. And then just finally, question around just the balance sheet. If I understood the comments around excess cap, I mean, let's just say hypothetically and let's hope this doesn't happen, mortgage gets crushed again, stock was back to $21, $22, you guys not have the same amount of capital to buy back like you did in the first quarter?
Thomas A. James: Yes, that's correct.
Douglas Sipkin: I mean...
Thomas A. James: When we complete the... we have about the same amount and we're not devoid of credit and cash. I mean we have about $100 million, but it's drawn on our credit lines. But... so that we could actually use for that today, but Tom was as I'm sure about to say, once we put in place the term debt here in the next, hopefully 30 to 45 days, that will be... we will have taken what I call a belt-and-suspenders approach, we're going to have excess cash on the balance sheet, as well as credit lines just backing that up, and then we would be in a position. Today, we could still buy $60 or $80 or $100 million stock if that opportunity arose, but then we would be very stretched.
Douglas Sipkin: I got you. And again, I guess that's just a function of growing the bank and the buyback in the first quarter.
Thomas A. James: Yes, the bank... those are the two big factors, yes.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we have a question from the line of William Tanona with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
William Tanona: Hi, good morning everyone.
Thomas A. James: Hi, Bill, good morning.
William Tanona: Just to kind of follow-up and focus on the bank again, obviously that's the hot button for you guys over the last couple of quarters. As you look at the charge-offs, I mean obviously increased charge-offs are going to be a cost of doing business for the bank. But just trying to get an understanding in terms of, of those charge-offs or of the charge-offs that we saw this quarter, when would those loans actually put on?
Thomas A. James: Once again, about $1.5 million of them were residential loans, Bill. We're going to see kind of that as a normal flow, I would think. Those particular loans, I actually don't have the origination dates on those particular loans, that one is roughly seven loans that made up that $1.5 million. The other three loans that in our corporate portfolio that comprise the remaining $3.5 million were all originated in the '05 time frame and one loan was in early '06.
William Tanona: Okay. So that's helpful, pretty seasoned in terms of that the portfolio not some of the newer stuff that you guys have been adding. I guess in following up on Doug's question in terms of the non-performing loans, I mean, where ultimately, as you guys are continuing to build this out as the bank continues to mature. What do you think is the right level in terms of non-performing loans given your mix of business?
Thomas A. James: Yes, that's a hard number, Bill to anticipate on, we're obviously looking at past due pipeline information on our residential portfolio. Although we... the 90 day plus loans in the residential portfolio have increased, if you look through the pipeline at even loans that are less than 30 days, that number has actually gotten lower in the last quarter. In that industry segment, we do continue to see some softening in this particular, this residential acquisition and development portfolio, really almost with that exception that entire portfolio is at least on our watch list and it's... I would say it's a little bit up in the air in terms of what's ultimately going to happen to all of those names, I would anticipate some of those names deteriorating further and some of those names even winding up in our non-accrual status, all of those loans have some level of collateral support, but as you can tell that happened with these charge-offs this last quarter, what we're going through the evaluation of our collateral position, when a loan is going 90 days past due or the borrowers having problems, we have seen material deterioration in the collateral values, and then we're getting new appraisals and discounting that further. So, using that map I would anticipate some additional charge-offs and larger non-accruals particularly in that one industry segment.
William Tanona: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess on the reserves, I know you're obviously restricted in terms of the reserve built that you can ultimately do. But where do you ultimately think you're going to feel comfortable in terms of reserves to the kind of loans. If I look at your reserve and kind of compare it to a lot of the other banks, you guys seem to be at the lower end of that range, just wondering whether or not you anticipate kind of building that reserve up as this portfolio continues to grow?
Jeffrey P. Julien: One thing that's, sometimes hard to compare institutions in terms of the asset mix. We don't have any consumer loans, no credit cards, no auto loans, and typically have higher reserves associated with them. Our residential loans had a certain reserve going in that tends to be a more homogeneous product offering and asset, our corporate loans based on the risk profile of each individual loan when we book it, it varies it could swing by almost a 100 basis points based on the risk profile of that transaction. We actually feel like we've been pretty conservative in the way we reserved against these certain assets, and we've also been very proactive in downgrading loans, early on in the process and when we're downgrading loans, we are actually taking additional reserves against that particular asset through that process. So, we... we have seen an increase in reserves over the last five quarters, that's really been a reflection of the credit, some of the credit deterioration really changed the methodology, we haven't really seen the evidence of a need to change the methodology and feel comfortable that we got really the reserves adequately covered and pretty conservative that now a little over $85 million in total reserves.
Thomas A. James: Yes, just adding color to that. Most of the questions from our auditor are still dealing with the fact that our reserves are too high. So, our outside auditors should be chastened in their approach to what reserves are necessary in the banking industry, at the moment still are not convinced that we're not over reserves. So, you... we'll find out, but Steve pointed out to you and I hope you got a feel of essentially the residential loans are nominal, way below industry averages in terms of... and we do have a lot of history with a lot of those loans over a period of time. The A&D loans, [inaudible] to mark them down the instant that there is any question about any problems dealing with them and we do anticipate that a couple other of those loans will have some sort of loss exposure. But again they do have good assets, I mean it isn't like they don't have good assets. So, it's not like we're going to have any fire sales in those areas. So, I'm... I feel more than confident without any problems in the corporate sector that we have far more reserves than we need. If we have some problems in the corporate sector, I still think our methodology is appropriate based on experience in industry factors even in recessionary times. So, I'm pretty confident that we're well reserved, we don't need to have any massive changes in our write-off strategy.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Bill, one other thing that happened this last quarter, we had our regulatory exam that was effective as of March 31st using those balances. And they went through a rigorous process, as you can imagine on credit quality, actually we're dealing 50 plus loans, including all of our watch and worse [ph] loans, and also really went through a validation on our loan loss reserve methodology, and really kind of confirmed that we were using... they validated that our approach was accurate and somewhat conservative.
William Tanona: Okay, well that's hopeful color. And I guess just finally on the bank obviously saw a pretty big jump in consumer loans this quarter, looks like it increased about $77 million. Just if you could provide some color as to was that one transaction or what was driving that big jump in the consumer corporate portfolio?
Jeffrey P. Julien: That was related to a couple of corporate loan transactions. One was a soft drink company and the other is a [inaudible] company that provides services to theme parks and sports facilities and catering business. So once again, I know those two businesses don't necessarily seem that related to one another, but we are putting it in the consumer products category in our industry concentration disclosures.
William Tanona: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas A. James: Sure.
Operator: And speakers please go ahead with any closing remarks, no one else in queue at this time.
Thomas A. James: I want to thank all of you for spending so long with us this morning. I look forward to seeing you again next quarter and let's hope this market continues to have more favorable conditions. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-04-24 08:15:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to quarterly analyst conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Chairman and CEO, Mr. Tom James. Please go ahead.
Thomas A. James: Thanks very much. Welcome all of you to the quarterly conference call for the second quarter of our fiscal year. As I introduced some of the comments in our press release that I would say that we were please with the report but only in light of the conditions in which the financial service industry finds itself now, which all of you know, as well as know has impacted particularly that investment banking activity industry-wide. It's obviously impacted investment advisory fees as assets under management have declined due to market actions not necessarily net with respect to net sales but the fact is generally speaking in this quarter assets did decline. As I've reported there have been some compression and net interest spreads at the broker/dealer in particular that relates specifically to what we pay out in our credit interest program but also in our bank deposit program where we match Heritage rates. When rates are rapidly moving down as a result of fed action, you essentially -- if you are matching the Heritage rates or looking at 45-day type average timeframe, so that they don't moved down as quickly as what you have to in the overnight investment account for 15 CIP balances or for other overnight balances that the firm has that are on invested. So you do have that compression. And by the way, it's just a preclude or a future question, in the last two quarters, that has amounted to somewhere between $5 million and $7 million a quarter in what our estimates of compression are. Actually rates begin moving up as inflation concern amounts, you will see the reversed factor, not only go back to equilibrium but that actually they had some benefit from the move as rates increase. And of course, trading, which we've talked about and you did notice we suffered in this period in terms of net trading profits. Most of those bad results actually happened in January and February. March, there were some recoveries in the fixed income market. It's been a very difficult when often hedges go in the same direction as underlying securities. But as you probably are aware, our inventories at low levels because of this -- and just generally, because we don't tend to be very proprietary trading oriented, we're much more support the commission side of the business. And as you looked at that, the thing that I would remind everybody is that retail commission -- I mean, gross commissions were up about 15% commissions and fees. But a lot of that growth actually occurred in the institutional side. We're still up in retail as we have consistently been here before. Probably surprisingly, it has been surprising to me, I can tell you for sure, because normally in this kind of market outset [ph] with all the negative publicity in the newpapers, you anticipate that retail investor sits on their hands and avoids major changes in this kind of a period. Whereas some of institutions, quite the contrary, trying to upgrade their mortgage-backed securities investments by some of the pools that are very attractive, rate themselves of others, and one of the things that I think we've distinguished ourselves on during the last 18 months is developing the capacity to actually analyze full underlying instruments. And when you can do that, you really do bring a value-added content to the discussion for clients. So, basically, the run rate of those commissions has been anywhere from 2.5 to 3 times, last years run rate and commissions and fixed income and up 30 -- you will say 30% on the institutional equity side. So, that's offset some of the other revenue lines like investment banking, that is down and the trading results. So, that's why the numbers in the segments might look a little better than you might have suspected for the quarter. I was actually impressed that the overall gross revenues would be up 9% with lower interest rates and the mix -- and then, of course, net interest, I mean, net revenues actually grew faster because of the decline in interest rates on the gross level changing, which is not normal given the rate growth of the bank during this period. So, when you look at that, you had that 9% and 11% increase, which amounted to because of the negative factors I suggested during those earlier comments, a flat earnings result for last year and up from last quarter immediately preceding quarter. So, that we reported the $0.50 a share in earnings. I think this is probably the first manifestation of what we basically have been saying about avoiding sub-prime, because clearly you don't have any massive write-downs. There are declines as I pointed out in my comments in the value of these securities. As you might guess, we've done a thorough scrubbing in the bank of all the securities positions that are held there and essentially in the publicly traded securities. You essentially have had a market, where prime quality mortgage-backed securities have dropped about 10% from the end of the December quarter, maybe slight less than that, but a lot and anything of lower quality during at least the first half period here is, they've gone to subterranean levels sometimes not appropriately, but most of the time they certainly where they have been affected lot more than the higher quality securities. And while we have couple of securities that you might not qualify is the normal securities in our portfolio and that's in 30% range. We do have this research that can evaluate these kinds of securities and the scrubbing process of looking at the public ones, while the increase from $7 million of market discounts from costs at the end of December went up to $62 million in this period. The quality of the securities hasn't declined at all there, all paying fine, and we don't see any problems there. And we don't even see anything that would recall the impairment at this point in those few lower quality securities. Now needless to say, if you were looking at the banks in general, you would conclude that, if you had declines in the public securities portfolio that you could do some sort of parallel analysis in the individual whole loans. And I would tell you it's a general rule that's correct and that's why there was a concern currently in the marketplace that while banks have marked out all the public securities and impaired securities down, they haven't marked down some of these securities that aren't yet impaired as that's a nature of bank accounting. It tends to spread out the losses on these whole loans over a longer period of time. So, there are still more losses to be taken in those bank securities. And clearly, if you marked our portfolio to market, you would have a similar kind of effect. But I would tell you that the actual quality is very high and I would suggest to you that that ought to give you a comfort that the earnings growth that you see in bank segment is not a harbinger things that are going to change in the future on the downside rather that we actually expect those… growth in those numbers as I will discuss here in a minute with segment reporting. Then I am going to just take you briefly through all the segments and then come back. But first, just to round out the quarter, of course that adds up to the earned net income for the half of $116 million, down from a $119 million, so a 3% decline year-to-year. If conditions in the marketplace improve, and I am not forecasting that, I can't call short-term markets. We should be able to match last year's results or improving upon them as some of these negative factors that I mentioned began to dissipate in the marketplace. So the outlook is actually pretty good as I have said in my remarks, some of these financial results are going to continue to trickle in negatively, especially in the bank sector. But eventually, here you will see us climbing out of this as the bulk of the bad news is behind us and really it is more dependent now on just how resilient the general economy is in the marketplace and there are plenty of places that are evidencing strength as you see in some of your own earnings reports that are coming out outside of the financial sector. So I would tell I don't think this is going to be a deep recession, if indeed, it is a recession, really doesn't matter whether the general economy is in recession as far as I am concerned. We have been in a recession in the financial service industry certainly. Some people might say the depression at least, those are with job [ph]. So, this is, there have been lot of changing scenarios going on here. When we look at the segments, the Private Client Group had a 5% increase in revenues which is pretty good, given the circumstances. We continue to strongly recruit and this is the third consecutive quarter of up financial advisors in the United States. We are also beginning to have a little better recruiting results abroad in Canada and the UK. So, I actually think not only are we getting very high quality brokers, but we are continuing to sort of upgrade productivity. So, that if you look at the productivity figures, our commission results compare favorably in spite of this downturn in condition and profits were roughly flat. And I would say here the only reason that they are not up relates more to the cost of new FA recruits, as you continue to fill up this pipeline of large recruiting that we've been doing through now for three or four years, as you know, and the financial side, you amortize these costs over, usually the length of time of the agreements and well I would argue albeit shorter period, we have trouble winning that argument with the accountants. I think they are… actually they are not making the right decisions about, because you have some failure, you have the time value of money, you got a lot of considerations that I would argue after cause or write-off scheduled is somewhat different than what actually occurs in the market place. But those numbers are very good, there is nothing particularly of surprise in those numbers. The capital market side, we still have very low equity capital markets investment banking activity in both new issuance and investment banking, somewhat better perhaps than the last quarter. Canada is better than in the US, as natural resources are clearly leading the market place here, but we are seeing evidence of some more activity and when you think about our mix of sectors that we follow. It's clear that things that are income generative like energy, MLPs and REITs are doing some financing currently which is actually in our power zone. So, I think that we are going to see a little increase. And then as the market tenure improves, we will see more issuance in the other sector. So, I think we are kind of near the bottom on this side of the business. And as I said on fixed income, while trading has been unusual, the commission rates are terrific. In addition to that, we are very successfully recruiting institutional fixed income sales people as a result of things like Bear Stearns upsets some of the banks that have large fixed income capital markets efforts. There are some real opportunities in the market place. So, I actually expect, we may be in for two or three years of improved results and the fixed income areas going forward and a stronger platform for a longer term in that. On the asset management front while revenues were up 2%, remember a lot of our billings are done on a pro forma basis for the quarter, and as a result we didn't see all the decline in the market values in the March quarter being realized on the revenue line. But still there was enough, given the prior quarter and there is also some product mix in here in terms of the assets we manage. So that the net profits were actually offs slightly here. There is nothing particularly remarkable in those numbers except that it's aberrant, because normally this business is pretty steady performer on the upside as we have positive net sales, and we also benefit from average increases in market value. So I suspect these numbers are going to start looking better going forward. I know the bank results, clearly when you look at that revenue line and despite a lower interest rate etcetera; that just reflects the asset growth. Jeff, how much asset growth have we had in the last 12 months?
Jeffrey P. Julien: 22% [ph] in the last quarter.
Thomas A. James: 22% in the last quarter, but will we double that. No, in the total asset in the bank, year-to-year it's a pretty large number. So you see that net interest earnings is mainly volume related two factors. Needless to say you have got more assets that you are earning revenues on.
Jeffrey P. Julien: (inaudible) March I guess.
Thomas A. James: Yeah and the what?
Unidentified Company Representative: 5.1 to 8.3.
Thomas A. James: 5.1 to 8.3, so you are looking at 60% increase. It's a very large increase, and where you see even more growth than that is because at that point last year we weren't as fully invested as we are now. So you've actually -- because we've good loan activity. And the other factor that might not be immediately apparent to you is that we have been buying very attractive loans. And so even additional pieces of existing loans at discounts to the prices we originally paid even though they are seasoned, they are more seasoned than perhaps higher quality than they were when we originally participated. The sales by the large banks of assets, good assets to generate capital and to shrink the balance sheet has been dramatic, and firms like Citi have sold tremendous amounts of good assets to big discounts, and we've had the opportunity to take advantage of that and grow the bank. And of course as you grow you are also spreading your fixed cost base over a much larger asset base, and that means that you are going to have higher profits also. This will actually, I would tell you, I don't think we are finished with the margin improvement and we are still growing. I mean we've good organic growth and deposits. We moved during the quarter one other small sleek group of accounts, but we have not at all kept pace with the rate that we could have moved other sweeps into the bank because we want to have a controlled group approach to the bank's growth, above [ph] the maintaining extremely high quality. And the only reason we grew at the pace we did over the last year was the quality of loans that were available in the marketplace. So, the organic growth, however, has continued to be good. Again, that ought to be fairly clear, as people move out of investments, they tend to have a higher cash balances. They're looking for places to invest. And my comment is that while we're in these holding bonds, they are somewhat sensitive to rates. So, while many of our competitors have all these tiered rates on their bank deposits, we actually pay higher rates. We pay market rates for everything but they're very smallest accounts. With small, I mean really small, $5,000 type of account. So, the fact that I think this is even an opportunity for us to advertise in the future to attract more of these cash funds. So it could generate more growth in the bank but to define their growth -- that is good as we would like it to be at the moment anyway. So, we're not forcing that point at all. And as I try to deal with again after the problems that rose from our release, not this quarter but the prior quarter. While we've had big additions to reserves, in the $12 million range for this quarter, like it was last quarter which shows another expense. The fact is that the actual charge-offs that we have, have been continued to small, and when I say small, you know, in the range of 0.22% -- 0.2 basis points kind of numbers. They have been a low and I have remarked in the past that we expect them to be higher. That's why we have higher reserves. But I do want to point out that our reserve formulas for type of loans relate a lot to industry norms as well as our own norms. Because this is very hard to separate these things out and tell really what the loan losses might be. But because of the quality concerns in our individual underwriting methodology, we're actually buying these packages from people. But looking at every single loan in most cases and certainly in all the corporate loans, where we focus on industries that we understand and companies that we already know. I do suspect that we will have better than average bank experience, although, over the long run, we're not as good as we think. That wouldn't be the first time I have been surprised by our performance in some area or another. But I can tell you in this area, we have an excellent lending crew. We use all of our produced research here. We use all of our context and knowledge to be able to evaluate these things. I actually think we're in good shape. So the fact that we have a lot of loans as some hedged funds would have had you believe, does not necessarily lead one to the conclusion that there are large losses to take. As a matter of fact I would tell you quite the reverse. I don't understand, why peoples have reach some of these conclusions. So the bank is doing fine. Emerging market comparisons were down largely because of Turkey and also because some of this marketplace has actually slipped into these markets. And so activity levels were down. And as you know, the volatility in emerging markets is higher than it is in the developed market. So I don't expect it to come back really quickly. But on the other hand, I don't suspect it makes a whole lot of difference given the size of the operation there. Proprietary Capital, we now have bought two companies in Raymond James Capital. They are both doing well. We've installed new CFOs and CEO in one case. We will install a CEO in the second company also. And I think they had a lot of opportunities. But, again, this is a small activity on our part where we budget spending $50 million a year in this kind of activity in investments of equity. This is not going to be a monster business of ours, but it is going to be a great adjunct to the investment banking activity that we have, as is our Ballast Point Venture capital operation, where we're nearing the end of for our second fund. It's going very well there. We have excellent results in venture capital side to date. So I think that that's going well and then of course we make some small investments in outside venture capital plans where we have new business effort underway from our investor banking side, that's been successful. So, I think that's going to continue to generate good results for us. When I pause and look back at this, I've been somewhat frustrated as you can tell from some of my remarks. By how much fallout outside of sub-prime has occurred in the financial services industry as a result of whole series of factors, not the least of which is poor management holds at the larger financial servicing institutions. But also in writing services and regulatory oversight where clearly leaders that either the treasury or asset [ph] could easily have made some negative remarks about the growth of sub-prime and said, we don't expect to see you originate more than 5% or 10% a year portfolios sub-prime and you would have seen a dramatic change in behavior way back in 2005-2006. It did not happen and it needs to happen. I happen to favor most of the provisions or provisions like the provisions that have been issued by our treasury secretary. We really do need to centralize our overall financial stability and soundness regulation in the United States. Obviously with an election going on, you're not going to see these things moved on quickly, but if you just make again some logical projections about Democratic Congress' activities when you have these kinds of problems, and in fact all legislator response to issues is try to find solutions which has its own set of problems attended there to. We will probably see at least a major change where central regulator has that responsibility. So I think that it's important that you are ready for that and I am going to make a couple other comments about it in the context of what I thought, I'd wrap up my comments which, I don't do this as a matter of normal course. But for a long time we haven't really talked about what I call the investment case at Raymond James. And I sit here and I look at the shorts in our stock and I'd say, what are these people doing? We have never had this kind of short position. I realize that we are one of the few plays in the investment industry that you actually can short enough of to make a difference, so that you can become a part of the package in shorts. And I don't have anything against shorts, by the way I am not one of the CEOs who think that you have committed some sort of heresy [ph] if you go short, a stock where, if you have a negative opinion on a company, that's fine with me, that's your job, that's what you are paid to do and I recognize that happens. But I do want to make sure that everyone understands what is really going on here. And when you look at these results I'd tell you all relates back to our overall business strategy. And if you think about the issues that I'd discuss generally and talking to shareholders, we've got a very diversified business base. We are Private Client Group oriented, which is good. Distribution tends to not have the volatility in it at a lot of other parts of our business. But that means that you can have situations where fixed income offsets results in equity capital markets, or retail does well when equity capital markets doesn't do well. And that asset management continues to grow a pace with your ability as a distributor in your outside sales. The second part of the model is since, at least I and many of senior management at this firm still remember down markets in the early 1970s and '87 and '89 and 2000 through 2002, all of these periods. We've always had a very conservative business model here where risk management is key and I cheer the compliance and standard's committee that meets once a months and looks at every problem in the firm and in the market generally and tries to devise strategies to avoid systemic problems arising or continuing and we've always had a very conservative balance sheet in terms of our approach to the business. Only to be subject to some of the same comments from lenders about well we are not going to lend the financial service companies in this market, unfortunately we like to borrow much money. But the fact is that it is inappropriate, I mean people are not making the distinction among firms in our industries that are risk oriented. I don't have to tell you who those are, but you can look at 30 and 35 times leverage ratios. And when you look at ours even our 10 times -- 9 or 10 times ratios way overstated just because we've got the deposits in the firm with offset by 15C [ph] free deposits and most -- the rest of it's in the bank. So the base business is really not leveraged. And I would say to a fault actually, I mean, if anything we have been so conservative in these things, we haven't quite maximized ROE. So a limited leverage, the agency nature of most of our business, and the fact that we just don't reach for the extra basis points and we don't recommend our clients they do that either. So, people forget about what you always assume, and when you have markets like this, you get reminded that it's extremely important that this is a fundamental tenant in your overall business strategy. And the third of course is the multiple distribution platforms. Chet Helck has been sort of the spokesman for us in terms of all of the models we offer to recruit financial advisories and other distributors to our platform. We got the employee base activities, the independent contractor base activities, the bank financial advisor activities and advisory activity, and we have active correspondent activities going on currently recruiting business into our firm. And that affords the perspective financial advisor the flexibility not only to choose the distribution channel that here she wishes currently but to have the opportunity to move amongst those alternatives long term. And you see this in the strong recruiting and retention that we have. Of course that is augmented by the fact that we have stayed independent and largely problem-free relative to our competition. So when you look out there and you talk about big acquisitions or brokers that have worked forever for Citigroup or for some UBS or some other large firm is now owned by a bank and they see problems with the bank and there is bad publicity, causes upset and you have movement. So I would tell you that that's a tremendous opportunity for us. Fourth thing I would say is that small and mid-cap markets as a result of all this consolidation, all of the capital markets activities are kind of created a void here in these smaller corporate and smaller municipal markets. Big firms have difficulty making money in a lot of these activities. Just as an example, it may not come immediately to your mind, municipal finance, public finance. The fact is the current problems that exist, the new liquidity in the market are reminding people maybe they shouldn't use swaps in their financings and that means you will be going back to basics. And I can assure you without swap profits, you are not going to see major firms out in the hinder lands [ph]. So things are going well for our type of business model. There are a few really independent securities firms left in the market place. So there aren't many places to go. The ones that are around are good ones. So it's not that we don't have some competition, we do. But I would tell you we are going to attract a lot of people from the major firms. The sixth thing I would say is that we still can grow at 15% to 20% per year without substantial leverage. I mean everybody arguing that you have to have 35 times leverage to generate this kind of revenue and profits that have occurred at the major investment banks, is just not true. We can continue to earn 15% to 20% ROEs going forward on a average. Sure we're affected by market, but this is a good model to have. It's a sound model, the conservative management it's easier to sleep at night than a lot of these other model. And believe me the financial advisors in the marketplace appreciate some of this now. They may not have appreciated it before; they may have taken for granted that everything was good, because numbers were generally up almost 20 years in the marketplace. But the fact is, that's not the way our business works. It is subject to both cyclical activity and to great dramatic events. So, you want to avoid dramatic events, and that's a big part of our strategy. And the final thing, I would say is at least our stock, and I don't normally say that, just say you understand. Our stock is an expense. I mean it's inexpensive enough that it triggered on our own stock purchase mechanisms. It has initiated a lot of purchase activity among our associate employee base, and when I meet with my own associates, when the market… our stock is near high. You will always hear me tell people; look, don't bet a lot on the company and in market when things are overpriced. I mean, you have to pay attention to where the market is when you buy stocks. Quite the contrary, today, I recommend that you can purchase our stock. And just give you the example of that, we have our CEO group of what we use to affectionately call the regional firm group, which today is more vestiges of firms that used to be a free standing regional firms. But we still meet the share a lot of ideas. We're very helpful to each other in the industry as trade group should be. But one of the things we do for firm as we have an investment competition where the CEO is put up their favorite stocks. And this year for the first time, because I thought this was a first time opportunity, I recommend our own stock. And just so you understand, I use to write all the research around here in the early parts of the firm. I was the first portfolio manager in our investment advisory business. I have some experience with stocks and last year I won the CEO contest for the best performing security with good at energy stock. So, I can tell you that -- when I say this I really believe it. It's not that I can't be wrong. And I can't be wrong, because none of us know the outside market activity. But when I sit here and I see rating agencies give higher quality ratings to large investment banks were 35 times leverage versus a firm like us, I wonder what they eat in the morning that's got all that peyote in it. You know, to me it's absolutely unbelievable. So we got some problems to deal with on an industry-basis. But the firm is doing quite well. We're glad to answer any questions you have. And I appreciate your attendance. I do want to remark one other thing. I also described our Auction Rate Securities issue, where we essentially have -- did you get a final numbers right now. We are $1.9 billion in auction rate securities outstanding, about $800 million of which are mainly annuity -- perpetual preferred annuity-based auction rates. The $800 million are annuity-based and those are beginning to be refinanced out. They almost all have premium rates, but those with very high premium rates make up a minority of that. Although, the rate differentials are probably large enough to encourage refinancing on the vast majority of all those and those things are beginning to happen. And the rest are taxable closed in fund perpetual preferred. And those are beginning to be taken out as we speak here. And over the next six months I expect to see a lot of this gone. We have provided financing for these securities as they have number of funds in the financial services industry. We're not loaming 90% or 100%. We're loaming 50% on those securities. The vast majority of our clients who own these have plenty of other assets. They're only a part of their cash holdings. I mean, it's still very small related to all of our cash deposits. Just so you understand our kind firms [ph] always included a risk statement that auction rates and securities were subject to auction risk and that they might fail. And then, you would have a liquidity problem. As of practical matters there aren't many collateral problems in any of these securities. They are well secured and it's really just the fact that the structure had a fundamental flaw, at least a perpetual preferred do. You need to have a term period in those securities. So, number of us in the industry are working to solve this at both the traded group level and at individual firm levels with the product sponsors to quote encourage and quote their rapid action in dealing with these issues. So I suspect that this is going to get better. I mentioned the margin, actually the amount of margin that we have issued on the securities is relatively small. It even attacks time when you would expect the maximum demand for liquidity. So I think they are generally owned by people who can afford to own them, not in all cases. We have been included in the Class Action Suit with 19 firms. But I think when you get into the distinguishing features like our kind firm and the fact that they are carried in a separate category on our client statement that you would see substantial difference in how we deal with these issues contrasted to outside firms. And the loans that are being made or being made through the bank, not through the broker's firm, although there has been some loosening of the rules with respect to loans at the broker-dealers. Some of the terms that are set up are very limiting and it's almost hard to interpret how some of them interact. So, we have avoided that to-date. And we obviously don't want a lot of liquid securities in the broker-dealer anyway. But the fact is, we are not going to have a lot of them in the bank either. We haven't had much demand as yet for that, but this is a problem for the industry. It's a shame this happened. Again, this is one of those what can go wrong analysis, that all of us didn't pay enough attention to. Even though we paid enough in our Compliances Standards Meeting at the time we originated them to make sure we had special warnings with respect to their purchase, unfortunately not all of our financial advisors maybe as circumspect as we are in terms of these general warnings. So, it is not that there may not be some liability, but I really think these things are generally money good and we are going to work our way through these as an industry. So, I do want to preempt your comments there too, because I think we are doing all the right stuff. I don't think that maybe the analysts and the journalists have fully understood some of the issues presented with me here on how you deal with them and the differences amongst all of the securities, although the level of knowledge seems to be increasing in some of the newspapers as I can tell but quality of writing has improved with respect to the facts. So with that, I would like to open it up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And one moment for the first question. And we have a question from Lee Matheson with KJ Harrison & Partners. Please go ahead.
Lee Matheson: Thanks. Hi, guys. So, a couple of quick questions on the… first of all on the write-down you took on the available for sale securities. It looks like it was about 10% of the gross amount you're carrying at the bank. Of the amount of available for sale, how much of that was agency versus non-agency paper?
Thomas A. James: I'll let Jeff respond to the question on those securities. The write-down there is really a mark-to-market. It goes direct to the equity side. It's not an earnings write-down. And as we've said, we don't see even any material risk at all in terms of actual loss in those securities.
Lee Matheson: Sure. I mean, were these particularly long dated or what, I mean, to make a big move?
Thomas A. James: I think your average life.
Lee Matheson: So, that three year?
Thomas A. James: Two.
Lee Matheson: Two year, okay.
Thomas A. James: Yes.
Lee Matheson: It's routine, okay. And I think agency, I think last call reported I think $300 million with agency so.
Thomas A. James: That sounds right, yeah.
Lee Matheson: Okay. So presumably the non-agency sale substantially more than the 10%?
Thomas A. James: Yes.
Lee Matheson: Okay. And I mean was there any particular exposure?
Thomas A. James: I think we were about 8.5% or 9% total write-down however, so that's correct.
Lee Matheson: Okay. And there was no particular exposure to a non-agency issuer that we should know about?
Jeffrey P. Julien: I mean obviously there, as Tom mentioned there is a small fraction that are not AAA, not that ratings have the same credibility.
Lee Matheson: Right.
Jeffrey P. Julien: That that has suffered a greater percentage write-down. But again we look through our security by security basis, they still seem to have adequate credit protection, a very high quality borrowers, very…
Lee Matheson: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Delinquency rates, etcetera. And then the only that the pricing can be justified the market right now is that the people expect things to get a whole heck of a lot worse even from where they are today.
Lee Matheson: Okay. And then just a second question which is, just looking at the residential mortgage loan booked at the bank, you guys say you are not reaching for that extra basis. So I was wondering what the yield pick up is on these sort of deferred amortization residential mortgages versus just going with the traditional immediate amortization, obviously there's got to be someone tend to free to do that and if you could walk us through the thinking there?
Jeffrey P. Julien: (inaudible) for the interest only is that's predominately the product that's being sold in the marketplace right now. I mean the only experience about 6% amortization in the first five years of 30-year amortization schedule anyway. So, it's not that we are either saying dramatically lower payments by going interest only and nor that we are picking up these. We are not doing it because of the income play; we do it because of the availability of product in the market. We again with all of the screens and scrubs we do on the residential mortgage tools, we have equally good credit profile there as we do on commercial side in terms of superior statics to the industry averages.
Lee Matheson: I mean how. When you guys look at it you see, it is obviously not confirming that. I mean what, I mean are you comfortable with the $650 million of available for sale MBS as sort of a liquidity pool because obviously…
Jeffrey P. Julien: That plus $1.3 billion an overnight reverse repose, that are awaiting to be deployed in the loans as well.
Lee Matheson: Yeah, okay. Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: That are in the bank's books also. I mean the answer is yes, that's why they are unavailable for sale, so it's holding location that… but eventually we need the liquidity for any of, for any reason whether it's because loan demand has picked up or whether it's because of deposit withdrawals. We also have substantial line of credit at the bank [ph] secured by our loan portfolio that we drop on if it were an opportunity, at an opportune time to liquidate securities such as it is today.
Lee Matheson: Sure, sure.
Jeffrey P. Julien: We have ample sources of liquidity at the bank, that's not a concern for us.
Lee Matheson: Okay, great. And then just on the deposit gathering side of the bank; I mean is there any concentration risk within that, is there any one office, are there officers or advisors or anything like that that represents inordinate [ph] amount of the $7 billion in deposit.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Now it is a broader cross section of our client base, certain types of account such as custodial accounts etcetera are exclusively using the bank. It's more of a product by account type than it is by any kind of office. I mean this is…while it's not technically viewed totally as a core deposit; this is a substantial portion of our cash at the firm at about $18 billion in client cash balances at our firm with now about $7.5 million at the bank. And we have the ability as Tom mentioned to do other types of sweet moves if we, in such time as we are ready for it at the bank to increase the deposits there. So we kind of consider these core deposits, I have been here closing in on 25 years this summer. Every year I have been here, I think client cash balances have increased. So we have never actually had a down year in cash balances, we do not view these as hot money or any kind of risk for other bank or anything like that.
Lee Matheson: Okay great. Thanks a lot guys, great quarter.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Yeah.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we have one from the line of [Joel Jeffrey] with KBW. Please go ahead.
Joel Jeffrey: Good Morning.
Thomas A. James: Good Morning Joel.
Joel Jeffrey: Can you just talk a little bit about the compensation in expense and how that could be impacted by that $6 million you had referenced in the release?
Jeffrey P. Julien: What was the impacted by that? I mean the fact is that accounting rules require our mark-to-market treatment on equity compensation instruments issued to any contractors, and we have a not a significant but a significant enough reward mechanism for independent contractor or financial advisors of the past year, where they have received options and we also use some options in to our restricted shares for independent contractors and as one of the anomalies of our stock price dropping, we actually, when mark-to-market those options and restricted shares became more significantly less. So it actually reduced compensation and expense by about $6 million in the quarter.
Thomas A. James: It's actually 180 from our normal experience, quarter-to-quarter the stock had normally gone up, so we actually in past quarters have consumed a large amount of increased compensation during these periods, whereas if we were using a qualified type mechanism which you can't use with an depending contractors. But if you did you would have put your self in a position where you took a write down on the value of the optionality at the time of issuance. And I would tell you that there is no fundamental difference between how we use with identifying contractors and how we use them with employees, and that actually treatment are to be the same. And this is one of these rules that drive the stock companies from giving stock compensation to contractors of a nature that provide some vendors service to the company, when they didn't have cash and so they paid with stock. And actually, I don't think it was ever intended to work the way its working here. So, I actually believe that a change the policy. The policy is wrong, but for the moment this is just the way it works. As well as the stock price goes up, we have increased compensation expense, and if we have a one period where you get some of that back they way we did last quarter, you can get it back. In the nature of our reporting, we make attempts to try to get you back to understanding operating result line and try to make sure that these anomalies that occur, they are not really anomalies, but these things don't happen quarter-by-quarter that we make you aware of them, so you can factor them in the earnings estimates etcetera.
Jeffrey P. Julien: We are sensitive to the fluctuations caused by this. However, we are taking step to substantially to limit the amount of equity incentives used for contractors going forward. We are finding other instruments and some other ways to compensate them, so we minimize this fluctuation going forward.
Joel Jeffrey: So had that $6 million been included? Would have there been any kind of offset from an increase in share count?
Jeffrey P. Julien: No. It would be related really to where the stock price is...
Joel Jeffrey: Yeah. And just a word there, it would mean the stock price were higher?
Thomas A. James: If you just think through what's happening, essentially if the stock doubles over the period of holding readably and it were a five-year option, you would the amortizing the increases as you went through the five-year period as incremental compensation expense. Whereas if you had a qualified plan, you would have taken the auction value into consideration or you wouldn't have any...
Jeffrey P. Julien: Yes. And when it relate to any revenue production or anything else that was strictly related to stock prices.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. And then, can you give us a breakdown of the investment banking revenue, M&A versus underwriting?
Jeffrey P. Julien: Yeah. I can. For the quarter?
Joel Jeffrey: Yes, please.
Jeffrey P. Julien: For the quarter, domestic M&A was about $7.8 million. Underwriting fees, domestically again were about $3.8 million. And Canada in total was about $7.3 million. I don't have a breakdown between M&A and underwriting. I think it's substantially underwriting fees. So, roughly 10 underwriting and 8 M&A, something like that. And then, we had to look though, one that kind of surprised me at least had to do with our tax credit on real estate syndication of tax credit housing properties, which had about $6 million revenue within the quarter which is up. That's a little bit lumpy depending on when they close bonds and some seasonality to it as well as the state of some of their normal buyers which have been Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or some of the big banks, big insurance companies, et cetera.
Thomas A. James: But this is slowing down. They don't have any earnings to show over. So that's why the surprise. But the fact is that, we had carry over from prior periods effectively as the funds are employed in new properties where you have commitments that haven't yet been executed. And that's what happened in the first half. But we expect a slowdown in the second half. That market is basically more open [ph] for the moment while people were trying to figure out what rate of tax credit return is going to be required in this market and where are the new buyers are going to be, all our insurance companies, et cetera, to utilize the credits. So we actually, from our budgeting standpoint, budgeted very low actual revenues for the entire year. And the first half is not reflective with that, but this is not a major line item in our overall firm either.
Joel Jeffrey: Okay. Great. And then, just lastly, can you just tell us what the total buybacks for the quarter were and if there is anything remaining on the authorization?
Jeffrey P. Julien: We repurchased about 2.8 million shares for $60 million, which in equity nicely indicated our earnings for that quarter.
Thomas A. James: It means balance sheet, net addition to that. We gave our entire equity…
Jeffrey P. Julien: We exhausted our authorization that had been outstanding for several years. It started back I think six, seven years ago, they authorized $75 million. Even in the 2000 to 2002 dip in market and our stock only dipped for about a week there in that timeframe. So we are not able even, we did not choose to use the authorization even then. But when it gone down to these prices we got a lot more aggressive, we exhausted that authorization had a special board meeting, which you see in the press release about which basically reinstated a new $75 million authorization, which we've not really made any dent at all in the end.
Thomas A. James: We're on our -- the timing…
Thomas A. James: Black out periods, even for our own purchases. I am not sure we have to, we do, do that. So, that's the part of the reason.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Our average price was around $22.5 for those shares we repurchased.
Joel Jeffrey: Great. Thanks so much.
Thomas A. James: Okay, Joel.
Operator: And next we have a question from Doug Sipkin - Wachovia Please go ahead.
Doug Sipkin: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of questions here. First of, you had mentioned I think, Tom, you had given the number on net the interest adverse impact from the fed cuts, $5 to $7 million a quarter, does that fall straight to bottom-line pre-tax or is there some cost associated with that?
Thomas A. James: No. That's a increased expense during the last two quarters.
Doug Sipkin: Increased expense, okay.
Thomas A. James: If you think about it, it results in understated…
Jeffrey P. Julien: It would often…
Thomas A. James: …from the normal rate.
Jeffrey P. Julien: ….fall to the pre-tax line.
Thomas A. James: Yes.
Doug Sipkin: I am sorry. I didn't get that.
Jeffrey P. Julien: It was all substantially the pre-tax.
Thomas A. James: Yes. No. It's not. They aren't. New expenses would have been…
Jeffrey P. Julien: Yeah. There might be general bonus accruals…
Doug Sipkin: Right
Jeffrey P. Julien: …and like that related to it, but substantially it falls to the pre-tax line.
Doug Sipkin: Perfect. That's very helpful. Secondly, and I think someone might have asked this already, maybe I missed it. But the yield in the bank, whether beyond the margin or on the spread, has gone up quite dramatically and I am just trying to figure out what is that attributable to. Is it just the higher rates that you put on, the lower prices that you are able to get in the last couple of quarters or some other dynamic there?
Jeffrey P. Julien: That's part of it. There are really two at play I guess, actually three, one go on the wrong way. But we added a net $1 billion in loans in the December quarter. So obviously, we were getting the interest earnings impact from those and about 70% of those were in the commercial world so at much better spreads than we had been seeing historically. So, that plus the additional, we added about $0.5 billion in this March quarter. We had some earnings from those as well. Again, the prices yields continue to be very favorable relative to where we have been historically. So, you definitely had the manifestation of interest earnings from all the loans at it. The second thing is, as the Fed continue to cut rates, as you know we have a $2.3 billion portfolio residential mortgages on the bank's books, substantially all 51 ARMs and even though they have a very shorter average life, they are in the fixed rate period of that 5, 51 [ph] and as mortgage rates have not been dramatically affected, there hasn't been a flurry of re-finances or re-payments and as our cost of financing those has dropped. So, we've had a windfall, if you will on the spread relative to financing the 51 ARM portfolio. Having said that we are very sensitive to the fact that this works the other way, if and when rates… if when I should say rates hit bottom and turnaround and go the other way. And we are actively evaluating hedge mechanism etcetera to partially mitigate that effect when interest rates turnaround. But for now, it's been a big windfall for us.
Doug Sipkin: Okay. Then just a couple of more. Can you give us sort of an outlook or how we should be thinking about loan growth going forward and obviously the provision expense catch there [ph] and maybe giving the sense that you guys are thinking that's going to start to slow a little big given the rapid growth and also lot of the sweeps that have already taken place. Any color on how we should may be thinking, but I know provision was $19 million, $12 million and then almost $13 million, and obviously I know you guys are going to be opportunistic. But can you put any boundaries around how we should be thinking about provision expense at least as it relates to new loans going forward?
Jeffrey P. Julien: Some of that's depended on what the market place is. I mean assuming that attractive loans continue to be available in the marketplace, we are probably going to try to manage going forward to maybe a 25 to 30% type growth in the bank in total assets which would imply if we keep the same ratios maybe just slightly more than that in term of loan growth percentage. So, you might see $2 billion type increase in net loans. So $0.5 billion a quarter something on that nature is kind of where we are targeting for the next 12 months. But again it's subject to lot of banks. If the lot of opportunities present themselves, we may try to take advantage. If the market really tightens, we might go even slower than that. We have some control over the sweep steps. We don't have a lot of control over the organic growth, which is coming in from new FA recruiting and to our people sitting out from the market for a period of time etcetera. And that has really been fueling our growth more than these sweep steps. So we kind of see the bank growing at $2 billion to $2.5 type billion in the next 12 months and we will probably put 80% of that to working loans.
Doug Sipkin: Okay. In terms of the, I think Tom had mentioned this, the deferred competition expense that you recognize as you run through, I guess deferrals on the FA side. I mean given that you guys have done a lot of recruiting, I mean can we be thinking about that maybe slowing down at some point in the future, or is it something that is going to just kind of give the same impact on the earnings numbers pretty much consistently going forward, because I am just thinking maybe because there is a lot of hiring done, maybe you have higher deferrals right now than you normally would otherwise?
Jeffrey P. Julien: I would make the reverse argument actually that we are still filling up the pipeline in terms of the amortization because if you have now let's say an average of seven years of contracts outstanding on FA's that as you amortize the front money over the seven-year period that means it takes seven years to fill up to the pool at the higher rates of FA acquisition that we've had for the last three and half or four years. So, we got a few more years to go. The offsetting factors are that we have continued to have after the first year downturn in production and transfer which averages probably 15% or 20%. We have continued productivity growth in the newly acquired FAs that were brought into our net period, and they offset the rate of acquisition. The only thing that would achieve the result that you are talking about is: Number one, of course if we keep going at the same absolute rate, I find it hard to go much faster. It will slow down relevant to the base of total production. And if the, if it becomes more difficult to recruit as indeed it ought to in the marketplace because of retention programs, you may see less movement in the future, at least that's what the impact of compensation plans would indicate. It would mean that there would be less activity out there at some place. But right now, I see the reverse. I actually see more activity, as brokers are moving away from problems and other situations. But I suspect with fewer firms recruiting and with all these retention agreements some where out there, after things settled down in the marketplace, there will be less movement and then you will indeed see the slow. So it's a little complicated. The overall impact of this, since there are so many outsiding factors in it. But you could see a basis point or two of increase max over the next three years, and it may be mitigated by some of these other circumstances that I mentioned. So it isn't going to be a major deal, because it's smaller as a percentage of total commission generation as we increase the sales force, but I don't see it going away here in the near term.
Doug Sipkin: Good. And just finally, you had mentioned that I guess the underwriting/banking environment was starting to show a little bit of signs. Can you characterize that by months in the sense that, just for my rough glance it looks like April, you guys have done a couple of things, might have another one in the piper for this week. Would you characterize April as being better than March or you just don't think about it that way?
Thomas A. James: Yeah, it's not significant enough to comment month-to-month you know erratic number one, but number two what you are seeing is some more lead managed activity on our part in these areas that we call our sweet spots. So I expect to see some slow ramp here, but if we don't get a better market for new issues, it's not going to immediately go away. I suspect more that you're going have the slow increase here in terms of activity levels and it's still not going to be a great year. I can't comment on what next year is going be like, until we figure out what this general economy really does. But I see some improvement, but I don't see it being in the housing [ph] days of the recent past.
Doug Sipkin: Okay.
Thomas A. James: The M&A activity I do expect will increase a little bit soon as the financing liquidity strikes itself out.
Doug Sipkin: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions in queue. Please continue.
Thomas A. James: Well, I want to thank all of you again for attending. Sorry, we took so long this morning. I hope you had a good day. We'll see you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-01-25 16:15:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the analyst conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom James, please go ahead sir.
Thomas A. James: Thank you. Welcome everyone to the quarterly analyst conference call. Glad to have you aboard. Apparently you have a lot of questions, there are lot of you assembled and as a matter of fact I have some questions. So I'm glad to have you join us today. Let me just begin by making the comment that contrary to the way the stock acted today, we didn't take any big write-off or any losses on our balance sheet, none of them are contained in the operating statement. The results from my perspective during the December quarter were actually pretty good but the only segment as I reported in my notes was impacted to any great degree was investment banking although there are some other areas to which I have referred. Back at the end of November as you recall we released monthly statistics and one of the reasons for that is to give analysts some opportunity to make course corrections based on what trends are in the industry and what was reported then if you recall was that we were doing pretty well on the private client group front with commissions up year-to-year but we reported at that time that volatile markets had reduced investment banking business and negatively affected trading results. And of course when you look at December, December is a month that doesn't have normally large amounts of revenues associated with investment banking transaction. And at the same time we reported that falling interest rates were affecting spreads on our interest earnings. So the reason I'm referring back to this is to let you know that we were trying to make sure that we telegraphed the conditions that we were facing in the marketplace. We also mentioned that the loan portfolio was continuing to grow as we took advantage of very favorable discounts available in the loan secondary market, generally purchasing loans for the bank that either were of a real estate pool variety or of corporate loans where we either had existing loans or knew the industry or the particular companies very well. And with the drive for liquidity at a lot of the major banks they have made a lot of loans of all types available in the secondary market. I don't know if you have been tracking any of this or not but these loans are available often at 5% to 8% discounts and I'm talking about quality loans now not ones that have any problems associated with them, certainly not ones that have any subprime content. So essentially those things as you now as we've reported before when we grow the loans we also add to potential loan loss reserves and that did occur during this quarter not quite to the degree it did in the preceding quarter, because while we added about $1 billion to the loan portfolio, a good bit of that was real estate pool high quality purchases that for balance sake and recall that we're an S&L really and it's important for us to have real estate loans where we bought those loans with good returns, much better than we had been able to get for the prior year but they also carry lower loan loss reserve type. Reserve percentage is often 10% of the... yes these are residential loans as opposed to corporate or commercial real estate loans which bear much higher reserve rates. So I would have said if we were looking at... I hesitate to use the word normal, expected is probably the word I should use levels of activity, we would have expected that we would have had about $4 million less in reserve creation during the quarter than we did and we had substantial creation during the quarter. So when you look at our model you should be aware that the bank, the net interest earnings we had great growth in balances and that sort of obscured the fact that as these rates have dropped, there have been tremendous compression in margins. So it looks like net interest earnings are up and they are up because the bank of course is the major contributor to that but when you look at the traditional lines at the broker/dealer the spreads have narrowed considerably which impacts all the areas from which interest is generated not the least of which is the private client group. So that when you look at private client group contributions as we will later in the conversation, you will in fact see that the private client group didn't increase its earnings at the rate you might have expected given the revenue increases and this is one of the two major factors that contribute to that and I'll discuss the other one when we get a little further along. So essentially when you look at these numbers you see we had a good 18% increase in commission volume, again driven more by the employee state brokerage firm and by the independent contractor firm but both experienced growth both on a productivity basis and recruiting continues to be good. So new account arrivals were good. The investment banking numbers that we experienced were of 43% but you need to know that as we reported last year and this quarter we had the largest single M&A fee that we had ever received in that quarter, $7.5 million plus we had… while we had roughly the same number of transactions in issuance, those transactions were [inaudible] advantaged and so the big fee business didn't occur in the quarter as the number of transactions that we were working on were basically put in remission awaiting a better market condition. So we do have and I always comment on pipeline, we do have activity that is awaiting better market conditions both lead and participating deal but the fact is when conditions are like they were certainly in the last ten days, you don't see any offerings because a lot of other things are attracted, number one but number two, the market is just not very tuned to receiving these kinds of offerings in the marketplace when conditions are like that and the issuers don't want to sell a big discount. Consequently, both demand and supply are impacted until you get some more equilibrium in the marketplace. Investment advisory piece were up 13%. They continued to be essentially good as new net sales occurred and we actually didn't experience a lot of market erosion in those positions. Interest income grew dramatically on a gross basis largely because of the bank again. As I mentioned, we've had record levels of new cash flows into our cash depository including our Heritage Cash Trust, our CIF program and in bank deposits. And most of the new deposits coming from new clients are in fact electing the bank depository. So our good recruiting results are impacting the accumulation of more and more deposits into the bank. And while I'm sure there may be some evidence here of some shift by clients into more cash that hasn't been the most significant factor that has been affecting this as you can tell from the commission and fee activity levels. We are clearly not seeing some big erosion on that front either. The financial service fees were up 10% over last year, which is a good result. They were down a little bit from the immediately preceding quarter I think let me see... no they were also up, no they were down. They were down about $0.5 million so it was a minor change. And then other debt was up and what I would tell you about that and this always you know is a catchall. The fact is that the individual factors that affect this are many or can be many, they are not necessarily recurring so when you look at this what we tried to do was to divide the change in terms of what you would call normal growth activity and what was more unusual entries and I always call these recurring, non-recurring entries because every single quarter we have some number of entries that wasn't there the prior quarter or weren't really affected in normal course of business which can go either way. And in this case, half of the growth occurred from just general business growth in the segments that affect that revenue line and the other half results from these isolated individual sources. So when you are trying to assess this and looking at trend lines, this is not a good line to try to look at trend lines and it's very difficult. So, you can see we increased gross revenue 17% and we increased net revenues 14%, which actually was a good result. I would have anticipated if somebody had told me that we were going to continue to have the same degree of volatility along with not only the subprime activities but some growing concern about inflation, some growing concern about collateral debt problems like credit cards loans, other consumer loans, home equity, etcetera and even if no one ventured into thinking maybe that the lower quality corporate loans might experience some problems. I would tell you that this was… you would have thought that investors would have reduced activity and that really… if I were an analyst sitting there and looking at that environment, that would have been my conclusion. So I was actually favorably surprised by this, it shows the strength of quality of brokers that we have been adding and the fact that in the employee base we continue to make material quarter-to-quarter increases in average productivity. So actually that side of the businesses has done better than I would have expected. And when you look at commissions on an institutional basis, the debt business has been dramatically up during that December quarter and I think that's really continued into this quarter. So, that reflects the levels of activity that are occurring by institutions but we have of course have been affected by the lower amount of originations in the institutional front so that offset some of the gains. So, when you look at the increased rate of expenses of course, the biggest portion of that comes from commission increases, but we still have some areas that are up year-over-year albeit not much quarter-to-quarter. Actually they weren't I would say out of control or anything of that nature. So, when you look at net income and see net income down 5%, I am not really surprised as I said you could explain it all by the investment banking differential, which really is not much different than Jeffries experienced during the period, not true of Piper another benchmark firm we use but Piper had a terrible quarter last year in this quarter so that you don't get the same comparability that we had since we were comparing against one of our best quarters and certainly for the first quarter, it was one of the best quarters that we have ever had.  So, and not to say we didn't have M&A activity, it was just smaller activity during the quarter and none of these big fees. When you look at that on an earnings basis that meant that earnings were off 6% on a per share basis from $0.50 to $0.47. Certainly, we would have expected that if the market had maintained the same kind of conditions it had in the prior quarter that we would have done better than that but given the circumstances I actually thought that, that would be a reasonably good result. One of the problems I would say was the analyst estimates on quarterly basis is they don't seem to show much sensitivity with sequential growth and when we look at this, certainly things like bank earnings, recurring fees and investment advisory area, other forms of the fee portion of the fee commission line. When you look at those factors they really do ramp up overtime, the other transaction based compensation tender be more variable related to what the market conditions are. So but I still would have probably in a model had a quarter-to-quarter ramp up in terms of these results. So assuming what's a worst quarter environment, I wouldn't say it's a surprise that we would be down somewhat on an operating basis from last year and I want to remind you again that last year not only did we have very good investment banking revenues but we did have this net interest compression, which affected the retail numbers by roughly $3 million in a decline in their line plus there was also and you never know this you do always accruals for your pay outs and this period last year we had about $4.5 million of reversal into income and this year we had virtually none in the PCG line. So the combination of those two factors explains the lack of growth in profitability given the commission increases in PCG. Other than that I would tell you that PCG since we are successful on recruiting continues to be affected by the cost of recruiting which include things like reimbursing clients for ACAT fees and things like that are record levels often we have to pay something to the firm from which they departed and then of course you have the growing pool of amortizing front money that has to be amortized over some reasonable period of time related to the length of the contract with the broker. So you really have a situation where if you wish to which I am not recommending I didn't point this out much before but if you wish you would've seen the potential growth in the base earnings power that could have occurred had all these factors that not been in place that caused some deterioration in the earnings level that you might say that actually the growth more corresponded to the overall growth in the business during the period. So don't think that was a particularly unfavorable result to report to you. When you go to our segment reporting, which I think is another useful thing to take a look at, you can see some of these impacts occur in a way that probably explain some of these numbers that I was talking about. If you look at the earnings line differential in capital markets, you see roughly a $10.4 million differential. Again I told you the private client group was roughly was up some, but it was basically flat for the two reasons I mentioned. Asset management's growth was 17% in profits, RJ Bank was up a 129% in spite of the fact that some of the compression factors that I have just described to you and some idiosyncratic ones that relate to the way we price our deposit program against an external benchmark led actually to lower earnings than should have occurred during the quarter. So those major profit lines generally were fine in good shapes and understandable differences. On the emerging markets front on the profit comparisons, we've continued to have these problems in Turkey with some of these clients that they been leveled against us and I have told you in prior calls that we've actually reserved earnings here in the network... basically to the whole network of the company. So that should we have to leave the country, which is, I would say is probable at this point where I said it was possible last quarter, because we got some more unfavorable results from court reviews of our PLs. Stock loan did well. Proprietary capital doesn't really show much of a profit effect but we reported that we have now purchased our second platform company, [inaudible] which is a supplier of kinds of things that Police departments and Government agencies, Security agencies would buy ranging from fingerprint powders to bullet-proof vests to mobile troop carriers with all those wonderful screens inside that we think is a firm that we had a good opportunity to grow, both internally and externally. And the company that I've told you about before, then Event Photography Group has made a couple of additional tuck-in acquisitions, continues to perform above budgeted results doing quite well. So we're going to see some more favorable results from that activity. And the other thing I would say is some of this interest loss that we have in certain areas relates to the fact that we've deployed capital both in the banks. So, we've essentially shifted capital out of the broker dealer or out of other areas that RJF into the bank and also into these proprietary capital purchases that distorts any kind of line analysis you're trying to do on the growth in those departments to some degree. So that you can't really have perfection in terms of tracing these results quarter-to-quarter but the upshot is that we have effectively utilized the capital that we had underemployed in this bank growth and in proprietary capital both here and Ballast Point Investments. So I'm ... I actually think I've lived up to my commitments to the Board, which will substantially increase the earnings power potential of the overall corporation. I would say the other favorable thing I should mention that I didn't mention in the capital market segment is the levels of business activity with all this upset in fixed income has increased and actually the fixed income factor for the first time showed a operating profit as part of the capital market's results. So, really the decline is all related and more than all related to ECM during the period and I would describe that more as anomalous compared to the past results. But I would also say that if this market continues in its current vein of high volatility, increasing risk of recession, corporate earnings disappointments begin to occur, that comparisons will be difficult going forward in the year. So, I feel kind of at the mercy of the external market like our competitors are, but I would also kind of ask whether if you have really taken a look at the underlying business engines that some of these other broker-dealers that have retail business and have investment banking businesses and try to segment out some of these other major impacts that have occurred to them as a result of their involvement in fixed income subprime and things of that nature, because I think you will find that the same kind of trends that I have just described have impacted their earnings often in cases that exceed what's occurred in our business model where we have built up ever increasing stream of recurring earnings. Jeffrey, I believe Jeff Julien our CFO [inaudible] that statistic has reached what for the prior quarter -- recurring revenues 63% for the December quarter. So, we have succeeded in that business plan going forward but I don't need to tell you, stock markets goes down, assets under management go down, investment banking activities go down, eventually commissions recede, net interest earnings may go up because we've got more money in cash items so long as we get some kind of stability in terms of rates. And when you read the comments of market commentators who agree to 75 basis point decline with an immediate cry for more, which by the way I personally view as at least they are responsible. The fact is if that happens, we continue to have these margins compressed for a few more weeks. So, 75 basis points moves have a lot more compression associated with them than 25 basis point moves and I don't know if any of you have ever tried to do those analysis by looking at what happens but what happens to you is you actually are paying higher rates on the money you have deployed and you are earning in the overnight investments. And as far as if you have invested longer you’re also are declined, because your overall spread is impacted. So, this is not a fun time in terms of this cash management type statistic for those of us that have reaped great rewards for some period of time and in growth for which perhaps we've taken credit for market condition instead of life management skill but the fact is that's the case. I would say generally that Canada is doing well, our securities operations in the UK continue to make progress towards becoming profitable entity there. We tend to now some times get to breakeven contribution level and we continue to add to the sales force there. The operations, elsewhere on a foreign basis other than Turkey are doing reasonably well but again if the emerging markets get slammed like they have in January you can expect that that will have some impact on the level of investment activity in those countries too. And of course while our client assets or our client accounts have continued to grow and our ACAT in, far exceed ACAT out the dollar volume of those client assets are while they are up a lot over last year they are actually somewhat down from say in October reading when we were near a monthly peak, as a result of the market in the succeeding month. So generally though, all of the activity levels that I've just described remain generally favorable ex the market condition. So I am basically saying one about the health of our business, I certainly don't think we released anything that would justify to 10% decline in the stock price today, but I am biased and owner operators are never objective, when they look at their own stocks but that notwithstanding, I would say when I look at the market for some of our other companies who have recovered, which have recovered somewhat form their lows I am not sure that the operating factors are being properly factored into their stock performance either, if in fact our stock price reflects that our outlook is somewhat down from what it might have been, a quarter ago because clearly it is. And I would say that for the whole industry that there is now a higher risk that the economy continues to slow perhaps becomes a recession by the traditional definition, but many cases not an exciting place to be operating and talking about growing corporate earnings and things of that nature because that will put a stop to corporate earnings growth and we are certainly not getting that in the financial sector. So this is a, probably it’s appropriate that for the moment, there is some adjustments in prices, but I would say that many of these companies were worthy of being acquired having stock purchase because their franchises are worth so much and indeed this two-shell path. And if you look at even if this were a bear market that we're in we’d look to have resolution of that over the next six to nine months and we would be back in pretty good market times. And I think that's the perspective that you don't get watching CNBC every morning when everyone is trying to explain or magnify the impact of some particular individual financial statistics. I actually feel that six months from now, we'll probably see the other side of the subprime problem. We may be experiencing a little higher actual loss rates at the banks from things like the credit cards and other consumer loans. And I think if this negative information keeps covering the financial press, the fact is the investor will take a respite from the high levels of participation that they have been involved in the recent past. And that's a little unhealthy, these things long-term create opportunities, certainly they have created opportunities for us on the loan front as they will lower... they lower, we bid on packages of these securities in our fixed income department, we buy companies at lower multiples of cash flow. There are all kinds of things we may be able to make acquisitions we couldn't have made otherwise that are beneficial to those that are fast on their fleet like our bigger brother and firms like us. So I certainly have not discouraged by having a down quarter albeit it's a lot more fun to talk about new record at these meetings. And with that, I think I will open it up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of [inaudible]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, when you are going through your income before provision for income taxes, I missed the part, could you address the other line when you went from $2 million to $2.5 million loss?
Thomas A. James: The segment line you’re... addressed that saying that basically the revenue items generally there that [inaudible] income is interest on our capital and what we've done over the past year deployed a lot of that capital into the bank into some of the private equity activity, so effectively three has been a shift of the earnings there, you could say the earnings that are on the capital shifted from there up to bank line to some extent as we deploy the excess capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Thomas A. James: Right.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of William Sinona [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi James.
Thomas A. James: Hello, good afternoon.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me?
Thomas A. James: Yes, you scared me up.
Unidentified Analyst: [inaudible] the mute button.
Thomas A. James: Yes, that button is important.
Unidentified Analyst: So, I heard you a little bit in terms of the explanation as to the pre-tax earnings in the private client group, but I can't… I want confess, I am not a 100% clear exactly why it is that we haven't necessarily grown the pre-tax earnings, because if I look a year ago you guys… today you are generating about $70 million more in revenues in that segment than you were a year ago and it seems pretty consistent. But every single quarter it's been stuck in that kind of $55 million pre-tax earnings range. And so, just trying to get a better sense as to why that hasn't moved up.
Thomas A. James: Two levels of response to that. One versus last year's quarter, that related to the fact that we actually had $3 million of lower net interest earnings because the spread on margin lending and overnight cash balances were down this quarter versus last year due to the fact we are in the declining interest rate environment. And number two, roughly $4, $4.5 million of bonus accruals in that area were reversed into earnings last year and we are not, that we didn't have any reversals like that in this quarter. So that would have raised roughly $7.5 million, the pre-tax this quarter versus last quarter. The B part of this answer is a little more complicated and has to do with your longer-term trend analysis and that relates to the economic accounting for recruiting aggressively. As you recruit new people, you build a pool of amortizable cost, the front money that's paid for those individuals and the pool essentially started building for us about three years ago when we really ramped up employee at a recruiting rate. And so, we're still in the period now there’s a lot of these deals are amortizable over six or seven years, some of them even go to 10 years in our own dynamic, and from a managerial standpoint I'd like to look at those as being amortized over seven years, I think max because I think it's crazy to kid people about, you don’t have any present value considerations in that, and there are chances people leave late in the period, those kinds of things. But what happens is as that pool grows, I mean if we looked at that pool a year ago in this quarter it was probably 4.5% and this year it's probably 5.5% of growth because we've recruited those people. Second on that and similarly related cost you are paying for these ACAT fees for clients, you are opening new branches, you are hiring new assistance. The rest that come normally in their first year don't produce at the same level they did in their prior year because they are spending a lot of time going through the transitional things with their clients and not having time to prospect this much. The bigger brokers tend to have less of that because they typically have more fee-based revenue streams but still there is some degradation on a temporary basis in terms of that revenue line. We also pay fees to sometime to outside recruiters, we don't do that very often, but you have some of that and you pay fees to broker dealers from whom you recruit people when they sue you for either waiting or violation of contract and we have fairly standard industry percentages that you are not in the protocol but when you are in a protocol there is more and more evidence that those that have signed are still trying to get some recumbent and will say that there was a violation of the protocol itself.  So that's why more than you wanted to know about that process but as you can see during the base time when you recruit people you have a lot of costs associated whether it is flow through, some of it flow through the income statement on a current basis and the amortization of the front money also reduces the current rise that you might think would happen from the higher levels of commission. And this is a industry wide factor, there wouldn't be any specific to our own recruiting efforts other than we paid lower front money than most of the major firms pay in terms of trying to analyze what's going on in this factor. Now I will tell you though, we have been a very successful recruiter, so the volume that we are recruiting is a lot higher, which necessarily means that you are adding to that pool at a more rapid rate than the other firms that are lot successful in recruiting front.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. Just two quick add-ons to that in terms of, is it straight line in terms of how you amortize those?
Thomas A. James: Yes, it is and it shouldn't be, but it is.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then the other part is obviously the fed lowering rates, you are pretty aggressively this week. Can you kind of help us quantify what the impact for every 25 basis points than fed easing might be to you guys in terms of revenues over the bottom line?
Thomas A. James: Well, they're temporarily; you see they're transitional that these rates are floating and you have some differentials. If you look at it in a mutual fund for example you got your investments put in 30 to 60-day paper, and so you are paying out at a higher rate than the current overnight rate. For example, I think today we would have a cost of money in paying out to our clients who may be 385… the bank is 385, it's 345 at Heritage and 361 and 345 we can earn overnight. So, we lose 16 basis points on the money in Heritage type pay out schedule. So in our CIP balances we did in Heritage, but I was using the rates to show you because we price off that, we are experiencing a lot where we had excellent profit when interest rates were going up. So…
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. But that's not going to be more than as you said 30 to 60 days, correct?
Thomas A. James: Yes. It's mainly 30 day period but when does it stop, I mean if in fact we…
Unidentified Analyst: According to the market it's not going to be next week.
Thomas A. James: Well, I don't know, but if they take it down 50 basis points next week or 80 basis points next month, the fact is this we will suffer from these differences during that period. So I think most of that will be out of way by the end of the first quarter of the calendar year, our second quarter but 25 basis points is almost negligible in terms of the impact but when you start looking at 50 and 75, I mean you're talking about major differences that occur and they do affect these profits to the firms. And as I said, this is happening all over the industry. It happens more to us, because as you should know our payout rates are not tiered like they are at the majors so that our cost of money is at the higher level. It's more sensitive to this. Our commitment is essentially to try to secure a competitive rate for our clients, given the safety of the investment they have. And I say that because our Cash Trust, for example, wasn't using SIV back commercial paper or anything like that, so we didn't experience any of those losses. But you do pay for it in terms of the yield, because you are buying the high-quality yields and a real yield differential now exists in the money market investment arena.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's extraordinarily helpful. Just one last question. A lot of the questions that I get and I know I'm sure you guys get a lot of too is that the bank and given everything that's going on out there, whether it's in the mortgage world even in the consumer land, concerns continue to mount as you guys build out to your banking franchise. Just could you help us understand a little better in terms of what type of loans you are putting into those… into the bank? How you feel about the credit quality that you have added since you've started to really grow that. And if you could give us any additional color around the actual… the loans that are in there in terms of what might be residential, what might be traditional, what might option-adjusted ARMs and give some type qualification as to what exactly is going into the bank?
Thomas A. James: Yes, I think Jeff Julien, our CFO, is responsible for the bank. I can answer that, but I just have him answer that question. So I'll refer to my first CFO here to respond to that question, because I think if you know us at all you know that we are conservative people. And so the only thing I would tell you is when we got in this business, we developed a series of rules that essentially said we're in businesses that have very limited down sides maybe to a fault. And what I mean by that is we probably could enhanced our yields taking intelligent that more than we did, but we have been very careful in the selection of these things. And now I'll let Jeff explain to you what we have done that may be would give you comfort. This is not a question that is new to us. We've got a lot of new directors at the company now and we are going through this education with them too, because they are used to normal bank operation and we really don't like a normal bank. We are wholesale bank but we use much more concerted investment philosophies. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Now, we've got about $7 billion at the bank now total puttings, of that about $5.7 billion is currently invested in loans and breakdown of that currently is, $3.4 billion in commercial/corporate loans and $2.3 billion in residential mortgage loans. Our rate of addition is roughly in that proportion. We have been adding roughly, two-thirds of the loan production has been corporate commercial versus residential. In the corporate commercial space, we typically have been in a BB, BB+ type world in terms of corporate credits. We've had an opportunity to move upscale little bit as credit spreads have widened and still meet our return hurdles, but generally our portfolio averages around that on the credit scale. We have clearly concentrated in areas in which we have expertise, healthcare, energy, consumer products, real estate, which are very strong investment banking and research capabilities of the brokerage firm, we have leveraged those and concentrated in those areas for our lending and used those research analysts as an additional input source. We have had virtually very, very limited credit problems to speak of, we have had charge-offs, I think we reported last time we had charge-offs for last year of over $1.1 million and we actually had $0.5 million charge-off this past quarter; charge-offs if we were to, we’d have no further exposure. We sold a loan piece that we had at a discount to end our exposure to that. So that's how we realized that charge-off. Our past news, our non-accruals etcetera are just insignificant type numbers in terms of absolute numbers or percentages or anything, any other way to look at it. So, we have experienced no credit erosion to date other than those handful of charge-offs, almost all of which were in the real estate homebuilder type sector that really held the brunt of the real estate decline. So, we are… I would say we are extremely comfortable with our level of reserves, and the credit quality of the portfolio, the monitoring processes we have in place etcetera. On the corporate commercial side, the residential side, we are… I would just tell you we are extremely choosy about what we buy. We are shown very large packages which we typically whittle down to very manageable size packages that have extremely high credit quality, high FICO scores, low LTVs, good state diversification, owner-occupied; all these screens that we put them through. And just like on the commercial side, we have very, very small past news as a percentage of the portfolio or versus industry averages or any way you want to look at it. I mean out of our nearly $6 billion loan portfolio, we have all of $4 million on non-accrual status today just to give you some indication of how small credit problems have really been. So the game plan is not to do much different than we've been doing. We are going to continue to take advantage of the current market conditions as long as this window stays open and we have sufficient liquidity to do so, we are still seeing very attractive returns on very high quality merchandise today. So, despite the fact that it has a negative immediate impact through increasing the allowance as we book these loans, you're starting to see already what it does to the interest earnings power for the bank and consequently for the firm as a whole.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, and I guess just two additional follow-ons, on the commercial side what's the largest asset class if you will or sector that you are concentrated in? And then I would also ask same thing in terms of where are the two or three biggest carriers of the country in the residential side that you concentrated in?
Jeffrey P. Julien: Biggest single industry, remember there are millions sub-sectors to every industry but broad industry is healthcare on the commercial side. The two states that we have the biggest concentration of residential mortgages are Florida and California.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Jeffrey P. Julien: And just to give you an idea… healthcare is all of 6% of total assets and so it's not a huge concentration there and our residential portfolio, California is about 18% and Florida is about 11%. And then it drops off pretty precipitously from there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: And that's one thing we are scrubbing current pool for is to try to avoid some of additional loans in those states, so we get broader diversification. But that's sort of aligns up with where mortgages in this country are originated period. And that's followed by New York and New Jersey in single digits.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Helpful, thank you.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erin Skidell [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, can you hear me, okay?
Thomas A. James: Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you give me what the provision was for the quarter, provision for the credit losses?
Jeffrey P. Julien: That's $12 million.
Unidentified Analyst: $12 million. And then…
Jeffrey P. Julien: Versus $19 million in the prior quarter and $4.8 million a year ago.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then can you tell me again what the balance of the residential mortgage loans in Florida and California are?
Jeffrey P. Julien: As a percentage, I can do the math. California is about $400 million and Florida is about $250 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Out of a $2.3 billion residential portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: And can you give any kind of broad guidelines, nothing specific, but what's the typical kind of LTVs are or just kind of specifics of the types of the loans you underwrite, and then what percentage are purchase versus originated within the branch network?
Jeffrey P. Julien: Very predominantly purchased and we originate somewhere around $100 million a year and if their fixed-rate we sell them. So we only keep the ARMs and we originate and that's less than half of the $ 100 million. So its virtually all purchased loan pools.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Thomas A. James: But we individually underwrite those pools, he didn't quite say that, but he said that we were screening for them and we individually look at the loans, the FICO score by individual loan, by the LTV, by individual loan, all those things.
Jeffrey P. Julien: I think the weighted average LTV of our portfolio is 67%, but I don't have that right in front of me on the residential side.
Unidentified Analyst: That's fine. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Doug Sinkin [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks and good afternoon. Just a couple of follow-ups. First off, if you could just provide the actual loan amount you guys booked this quarter, I think you probably said it already, so I apologize.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Just under $1 billion and it was roughly 70/30 corporate to residential.
Unidentified Analyst: So you actually did originate almost as much as much as last quarter?
Jeffrey P. Julien: It was about a billion in the quarter and 2 billion last quarter so it's close.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Just a question obviously the stock took a bit of pounding today, I know you guys would prefer to allocate capital to the bank and organic growth opportunities, but I do remember you guys saying that if the stock pulled in closer to 1.5, 1.6 times you do consider buyback, I know you don't have any formal mandates but is that something that would be interesting if the stock continues to stay here. I believe it's like 1.6 , 1.7  times book value right now?
Thomas A. James: You appropriately stated our existing policy.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So I mean it's reasonable to assume the stock order to stay down here, that's something you might think about whereas in the past you probably wouldn't?
Thomas A. James: You appropriately…
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Fair enough. Question answered.  And then just in observation I guess because I think it was touched on earlier, I mean obviously there is banks amongst the investment community around the bank you guys are clearly doing a very good job with it, but there is angst and I guess when you announced earnings and it's in earnings myth and the reality is it is not really a big deal considering the capital markets environment, but when investors have a whole day to sort of speculate about what it could be sometimes you get situation like this and I know you guys are targeting long-term shareholders and people buy Raymond James for a long-term but just the reality of the situation is a full-day without sort of a fall sometimes you can have investors just run amok and that’s at least from an observation might have been what happened today, so…
Thomas A. James: Would you expect, would you recommend that we had something more akin to a full quarterly financial release that comes out in conjunction with the earnings release? You know I noticed that some of the bigger companies actually do that. We certainly can do that, I already written the quarterly report which we could have added them.
Unidentified Analyst: No. I'm just sort of thinking hey you guys released results that didn't match up with some of the analyst estimates and there are legitimate reasons for that as we have seen on this conference call, but it probably would jive better, you guys releasing results and then sort of hearing what the differences between our model is rather than having to go through a whole day with the stock especially with the hedge funds and the volatility that's all. And again it is just a suggestion, it is just my observation because I know the stock was incredibly volatile last time, you guys put out the release, it was a monthly release regarding the higher provisions because the loans you originated, there was massive confusions there and I just know that there is a higher volatility in the market all those being equal, but I guess, it seems like your stock has gotten increasingly volatile around these earnings release. So again, it’s just a suggestion, but obviously I think I personally think there is value in the stock at 1.6 times book value, so I'm sort of on your side.
Thomas A. James: I appreciate the confidence and I also appreciate the recommendation and will see what we can do to better deal with that…
Jeffrey P. Julien: Part of the problem with that is trying to ascertain exactly when the release is going to hit, I mean we have Dow Jones or Reuters are backed with a bunch of new stories sometimes they don't… they have it for 15 or 30 minutes before it actually hits.
Unidentified Analyst: I see.
Jeffrey P. Julien: So maybe we could plan a call but we might be, I'm going to call before the actual results…
Unidentified Analyst: Right. Fair enough.
Thomas A. James: We did one after the close, you really could have the call but you are not going to have a lot of people on the call.
Jeffrey P. Julien: You wouldn’t have a time to analyze to get your questions together either which was part of the reason we tried to give you that.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, I could do it pretty fast. And just finally last question. Tom, you mentioned that teams like Stepros [ph] on the capital market side instead of late November/December, I mean, how did you categorize your investment banking pipeline, market conditions considered of course obviously right now are challenging but in the event that things were to stabilize and you guys were pretty confident that, that business has some dry powder in it?
Thomas A. James: Well, yes, there is no question there is dry powder in it. I'd tell you the activity level on the pipeline is down but there are deals in the pipeline that are material. In addition the kind of deals we've been working on lately are more in the energy fields probably the largest percentage and in health care. So they are the kind of deal that really can get sold so long as you just don't have a free falling say for stock market. So I actually think we are pretty well situated but it's the market conditions that I have just described and I don't posses to know what's going to happen. I have been surprised by the resilience of the market in all of 2007. So, but if in fact we have a situation here where you do begin to worry more about corporate earnings maintenance and things like that in the industry that will affect us directly and things will slowdown. However we still have that great revenue stream protection on the downside. I remember the days when we first went public when if we'd had a period like this we would have a difficult time making any money. And I find it very hard in the absence of some kind of scenario with an individual event that I can't even like to, but maybe [inaudible] shows up here, I don't know.
Unidentified Analyst: Hopefully not.
Thomas A. James: Yes, hopefully not. We think we get caught before 7 billion too.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Thomas A. James: But in the absence of that kind of an event, I mean, the downside here is much more limited than it is in lot of these other firms and I think actually that's a valuable attribute that we posses that lot of people don't. And so really it's just a question of what you think that's market... what is going to happen to this market? Obviously, if we look at a year from now, it's in the same place, I don't think we will do bad way.
Unidentified Analyst: Two follow ups and thanks for your patience. One, the comp rate it was a little bit higher than I imagined that is just because of a mixed shift less capital market revenue and more retail revenue and then as a higher payout?
Thomas A. James: You're on the money.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then...
Thomas A. James: And the bonus reversals.
Unidentified Analyst: And then also you mentioned the amortizing of some of the front money for the brokers I guess all of being equal right seven years previous to today those advantages would start to roll off this year and so I am trying to gauge what is the weighted-average life?
Thomas A. James: It's probably between six and seven years. And we have a built-in retention system here where we actually create more retention with our brokers when their base contracts run off, it’s at a lower rate but it’s served as a substantial return to departure, we don't have a lot of big brokers that leave the firm.
Unidentified Analyst: So I guess from a standpoint of having that amortization run-off it's something that's probably not going to be likely any time soon. The pace of that amortization running through P&L?
Thomas A. James: We keep recruiting at the level we are recruiting. If in fact we had a down market for a year, I would tell you… your recruiting will slowdown before brokers don't want to go through, explaining to clients anything but why they… but why they should stick with them in the down market.  So you actually have slowdowns during that period on the recruiting front. We haven't witnessed any yet, but it will happen I can assure you should this market continue on a downward direction.
Jeffrey P. Julien: And while this market isn't conducive to it, part of your economics come from the brokers increasing their own gross during that contract period.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Well, thanks for taking my questions.
Thomas A. James: Good question.
Operator: We have one final question and that question will come from the line of Lauren Smith. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Hi, guys, how are you, I'm Jennifer.
Thomas A. James: I thought you died.
Unidentified Analyst: No. God forbid. No, I am here. I know, we've covered a lot of information and I appreciate all the details it's very helpful, but I guess first and foremost, I just want to say, I absolutely admired Doug’s commentary about the conference call timing. I know we've talked about in the past and even worst case, we are all used to getting up early have it early next morning would just be my two sense for what that is worth. And I guess really just the follow-up question, I would have is gain on the buyback, because given the stock over reaction of the course of the day to your earnings release, could you just refresh our memory of what you have left remaining on your buyback.
Thomas A. James: We can refresh it.
Jeffrey P. Julien: So, a little over they did in a dollar amount, we authorized 75 million at the discussion with management, we've haven't reviewed enough and it's still over 70 million, I think.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Jeffrey P. Julien: And again, it’s…
Thomas A. James: We have our Board meeting in February.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Now, I appreciate that. And thanks very much, and hope all is going well.
Thomas A. James: Thank you very much Lauren.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Thomas A. James: Good. Let me thank all of you for the active participation. I hope the questions were good. I appreciate all of you getting on the line. We will take seriously the recommendations that have been made by analyst who participated in the comments. I think that some of those recommendations were good. We don't mind starting early in the morning either after our release. We didn't do, yes, we can do an 8:30 kind of a deal or an eight 'o clock deal, that's not a problem. So, we appreciate that recommendation and we'd like to avoid any misconceptions that develop anyway. That's not why we do these calls and why we…we try to explain a lot of this in the press releases and in prior months. So, thanks a lot. We appreciate it, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.
