===== 2025 Q3  (2025-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Karina Vanderkins. Please go ahead.
Karina Vanderkins: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Justin Padicci, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. We ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, our financial performance will be discussed on a constant currency adjusted basis. Our reported results, including foreign currency, can be found in this morning's press release. We will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results. You should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings, which can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Corey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We entered this important holiday quarter with a clear game plan along with strong brand and product momentum. Our teams around the world delivered particularly well, executing our long-term strategy across geographies, channels, and categories to outperform our financial commitments. This quarter's results underscore the powerful combination of our iconic, timeless brand and products, our durable and diversified levers of growth, and our ability to connect authentically with consumers across genders, generations, and markets through our proven key city ecosystem model. Third quarter results with revenue of double digits exceeded our expectations in every geography, across the top and bottom line. Our strong first half brand momentum and strategic investments carried into the fall holiday season, driving better than expected consumer demand in each channel. The agility of our global supply chain enabled us to meet the upside to demand during the quarter. Our retail business led our performance again, delivering double-digit comp growth along with improving trends in digital. DTC continues to be a leading indicator of our growing brand desirability and the power of our ecosystem model. We are encouraged that this momentum is now also delivering as we continue to elevate and reposition the channel. Building on our high-impact Summer of Sports and Hamptons fashion event, we invested in innovative marketing campaigns to engage and inspire consumers around the world. This is translating to high-quality new customer acquisition and full-price selling in the marketplace. Third quarter retail AUR grew another double digits on higher full-price penetration and lower than planned promotions. At the same time, we continue to operate with discipline to improve our expense management across the organization and strengthen our balance sheet. This enables us to invest behind our strategic priorities all while delivering double-digit growth in profitability and returning cash to our shareholders. Let me take you through a few highlights from the quarter where we drove continued progress across our three strategic pillars. As a reminder, these include: First, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. Second, drive the core and expand for more. And third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. Across generations and geographies, we continue to harness the power of our iconic brand, cutting through culture across key moments in fashion, celebrity, sports, gaming, and music. Some highlights from the third quarter included first, our global holiday campaigns, which translated the magic and timeless elegance of Ralph Lauren Corporation around the world. In New York City, you may have interacted with our AI-powered Polo Bear, blowing kisses from our Madison Avenue flagship windows, or our immersive holiday pop-up shop at Saks Fifth Avenue featuring our handbags and Ralph's coffee shop. At our Gangnam store in Seoul, stars J.Y. Park and Isaac Hong lit up the night with special performances at our Ralph's New York event. In Europe, we drove top city activations in London, Milan, Munich, and Paris, staying top of mind following our powerful Olympics presence this past summer. Second, our Very Ralph documentary launch in Shanghai, complete with a spectacular drone show over the historic Bundt waterfront and star-studded gala with friends of the brand like Crystal Yum and Shushu. Highlighting Ralph's journey and unique position in fashion, the campaign was a special opportunity to share our brand values with Chinese consumers, generating more than thirty million livestream views and sixty-seven billion impressions. Finally, we outfitted an incredible roster of celebrities, including Demi Moore, Selena Gomez, Eva Longoria, and Mikey Madison at the L Women in Hollywood event. Ariana Grande and Jonathan Bailey selected Ralph Lauren Corporation for the Wicked movie premiere in London, as did Nicole Kidman for the cover of W Magazine. Together, these activities are driving strong sustainable growth in new customer acquisition and engagement. In the third quarter, we added a record one point nine million new consumers to our DTC businesses, a low double-digit increase to last year. This continued to be led by younger, higher value, and less price-sensitive cohorts. Our brand further strengthened across key consumer metrics with increases across brand consideration, purchase intent, and net promoter scores globally. We grew both our value perception and luxury equity scores, particularly with next-gen consumers. We continue to increase our social media followers by low double digits to last year, surpassing sixty-four million, led by Instagram, Threads, Line, TikTok, and Duian. We plan to continue building on this brand strength with powerful new engagements into fiscal year 'twenty-six and beyond. Moving to our second key initiative, drive the core and expand for more. Since our company's inception, Ralph and our design teams have focused on creating timeless products that endure. This holds especially true in the current environment, where we continue to see consumers turn to brands they know and trust that consistently deliver quality and value. At Ralph Lauren Corporation, this starts with our core products, which represent more than seventy percent of our business and include some of our best-known styles. From our iconic mesh polo shirts to cable knit sweaters and polo caps. Sales of our core products increased low teens ahead of our total company growth in the third quarter. Our high potential categories, including women's apparel, outerwear, and handbags, together increased twenty percent. Women's and outerwear highlights this quarter included quilted, midweight and puffer jackets, cotton cable knit and wool cashmere sweaters, our coveted Polo Bear sweaters, and short dresses. Handbags also exceeded our expectations, with sales up strong double digits to last year, supported this holiday by an exclusive collaboration with Mr. Bags in China and pop-ups in New York City and Paris. Polo women's led this performance once again, supported by our Polo ID bag with new seasonal colors and fabrications, like chocolate and suede. Other special releases this quarter included our Double RL capsule with Navajo artist Zephyrin M, representing the second collaboration in our groundbreaking artist-in-residence program focused on empowering and celebrating artisans within the communities that have historically inspired our designs. In our annual Pink Pony collection, supporting Ralph Lauren Corporation's longstanding commitment to cancer care and research. Turning to our third key initiative, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. We continue to focus on developing our key city ecosystems around the world. These ecosystems support the long-term elevation of our brand by inviting consumers to step into the world of Ralph Lauren Corporation with consistency across each of our consumer channels and touchpoints. Within DTC, which comprises two-thirds of our business, we drove accelerated comp growth this quarter. Comps increased twelve percent above our expectations, led by double-digit growth in brick-and-mortar stores, while our own digital sites also performed ahead of plan. Globally, we opened thirty-four new own and partner stores focused on our top cities, largely in Asia. Store opening highlights during the period included Polo boutiques in Hong Kong's Pacific Place and Beijing's China World Mall, both featuring Ralph's Coffee, our stunning new Ralph Lauren Corporation collection shop for women at Harrods in London, one of our most elevated spaces to date, and our vibrant candy store Polo shop in Edinburgh's St. James Quarter, as we continue to test and learn with new store formats. The candy store represents a new smaller format concept for us with fun, highly flexible spaces. The dual-gender shops are curated with our most iconic Polo products that play on our love of color, from sweaters and rugby shirts to a rainbow of pony caps and mesh polos. Each of our three regions outperformed our expectations this holiday. We were particularly encouraged by mid-teens growth in Europe, supported by broad-based strength across our markets, including a return to growth in the UK. Asia also continued to perform well with mid-teens growth, including China sales up more than twenty percent. North America accelerated to high single-digit growth this quarter, on ongoing strength in DTC and a meaningful improvement in wholesale trends. Finally, touching on our enablers. In addition to our strategic priorities, our business continued to be supported by our five key enablers. Sharing a few highlights, Ralph and I are incredibly proud of our teams. Their engagement and love for what we do is evidenced not only in their excellent execution but in how they show up for one another and the communities we serve. Whether that's our corporate teams volunteering hundreds of hours to support our retail teams during the peak holiday season, or teams across every region working directly in our communities to support those in need. Their commitment to our business, our brand, and our values is unmatched. Just a few weeks ago, Ralph became the first fashion designer ever to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, America's highest civilian honor. The award recognized Ralph's extraordinary contributions to culture and society as a visionary designer, trailblazing entrepreneur, innovative business leader, and dedicated philanthropist. His vision continues to inspire us here at the company every day. Congratulations to Ralph. In closing, we are strongly encouraged by our team's progress through the first three quarters of this fiscal year, including the important holiday season. At the same time, we remain sharply focused on what's ahead for Ralph Lauren Corporation, leveraging the incredible power of our brand and durable diversified drivers of growth to stay on offense into the next year and beyond. With that, I will turn it over to Justin, and I'll join him at the end to answer your questions.
Justin Padicci: Thanks, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our strong third quarter performance reinforces the confidence we have in our diversified growth drivers and premium position in the marketplace. As our teams continue to deliver with excellence on our near-term commitments, we remain focused on investing in the strategic priorities that will enable us to better serve our customers and sustain our growth into the future. These include our brand, the continued elevation of our products, our digital capabilities and technology, and our top city ecosystems around the world. Third quarter results meaningfully exceeded our expectations, delivering one of our most successful holidays to date. All three regions contributed to operating margin expansion as planned, with North America reporting its highest third quarter adjusted operating margin since we began our elevation journey more than seven years ago. We achieved all of this while continuing to strengthen our balance sheet and cash flows, with approximately $980 million in free cash flows and $500 million in returns to shareholders year to date. This continued progress gives us confidence in raising our full-year outlook once again. But first, let me walk you through our financial highlights from the third quarter, which, as a reminder, are provided on a constant currency basis. Total company third quarter revenue growth of eleven percent was above our outlook, with better-than-expected performance in both our direct-to-consumer and wholesale channels. Total company retail comps grew twelve percent as our holiday product offering and marketing campaigns resonated with consumers across regions. Total digital ecosystem sales, including our own sites and wholesale digital accounts, increased mid-teens, accelerating from prior quarter trends. Total company adjusted gross margin expanded 190 basis points to 68.3%. This strong performance was driven by AUR growth, reduced promotions, favorable mix shift towards our full-price businesses, and lower cotton costs, partially offset by higher freight expense to mitigate East Coast port disruptions. AUR increased twelve percent in the third quarter. This exceeded our mid-single-digit outlook as demand for our core and seasonal products drove better-than-expected full-price selling trends. Our ability to drive strong sales early in the quarter through Black Friday week also enabled us to pull back on planned promotions through the remainder of the period. As a result, we reduced our global discount rate by more than 500 basis points, meaningfully greater than expected. In the fourth quarter, we are planning for high single-digit AUR growth as we pull back further on end-of-season discounting across all regions, following our strong holiday sell-throughs in Q3. Adjusted operating expenses grew ten percent to 49.7% of sales, down 30 basis points to last year. The improvement was driven by higher-than-expected sales and the planned cadence of marketing investments, which represented 7.1% of third quarter sales compared to 7.5% last year. We continue to expect full-year marketing at about seven percent of sales. Excluding marketing, adjusted operating expense rate was flat to last year, as ongoing cost savings offset continued reinvestment in our business. Our adjusted operating margin expanded 230 basis points to 18.7%, and operating profit increased 27%, both ahead of plan. Moving to segment performance, and starting with North America, third quarter revenue increased seven percent, exceeding our expectations. While momentum continued in our retail channels, we were especially encouraged by our return to growth in wholesale this quarter. In North America retail, third quarter comps increased eight percent. Brick-and-mortar comps were up ten percent, with strong growth in both full-price and outlet stores. Digital comps increased three percent, improving sequentially as we invested in more targeted marketing, merchandising, and site enhancements under our new digital leadership. Our digital wholesale business accelerated to low teen sellout the quarter. Total North America wholesale revenues increased six percent, above our expectations. Our wholesale AUR increased mid-single digits on well-positioned inventories in the channel. Full-price sellout was in line with our sell-in this quarter, supported by a strong fall product offering and growth in corporate punishment. We expect our wholesale sell-in to be up slightly in Q4 and continue to be generally aligned with our sellout trends. Our outlook now includes the planned exit of sixty department store doors this fiscal year. While the ongoing exits are not material to our financial results, we continue to proactively evaluate and refine our brand presence on a door-by-door basis. Moving to Europe, third quarter revenue increased sixteen percent, driven by strong performance across our retail and wholesale channels. Growth was supported by brand momentum from this year's highly impactful marketing activations. All of our key markets delivered growth in the quarter, led by double-digit revenue growth in Germany, France, Italy, and Spain. Encouragingly, sales grew in the UK this holiday as our underlying trends in the market continue to improve. In Europe retail, comps increased seventeen percent to last year, above our expectations. Growth was balanced across our brick-and-mortar and digital channels. Europe AUR continued to grow strongly on top of last year's low double-digit increase driven by our brand elevation. Similar to recent quarterly trends, our discount rates declined meaningfully to last year, despite a competitive promotional environment. Europe wholesale increased fourteen percent to last year, also above our plan, supported by strong reorder trends and the previously discussed timing shift of receipts from the second quarter. Excluding the shifts, wholesale would have increased roughly low double digits to last year. Our digital wholesale sales increased strong double digits, driven by continued brand momentum at digital Pure Play. This performance was especially notable given challenging compares from last year's restocking in the channel. We continue to expect stronger Europe wholesale growth in the second half of fiscal 2025, including Q4, based on solid underlying trends and the receipt shifts from Q2 into Q3 and Q4. Looking ahead, we remain encouraged by our team's strong execution and our elevated positioning across channels in Europe. We are focused on delivering powerful new connections with customers in the year ahead as we build on the momentum from our recent brand initiatives. Turning to Asia, revenue increased fifteen percent, reflecting growth in all markets. Retail comps were up fourteen percent, on top of a similar fourteen percent increase last year, with strong growth in both digital and brick-and-mortar stores. Asia results exceeded our outlook, led by continued outperformance in China. Our China market grew more than twenty percent to last year, above our plan and driven by comp growth, high-quality new customer recruitment, and key marketing moments, including our Very Ralph event in Shanghai and Singles Day live streaming activations. Sales in Japan were also strong, growing low double digits to last year, supported by accelerated domestic consumer trends driven by key brand activations, VIC engagement, and luxury events, along with continued tailwinds from inbound tourism. Partnerships with K-talent, including Mark Lee, Winter, and Sana, and growth on Takao also helped deliver solid growth in Korea and the broader Asia region this quarter. Moving to the balance sheet, our strong balance sheet and cash flows continue to be key enablers of our fortress foundation, allowing us to make strategic growth investments in our business while returning cash to shareholders. We ended the quarter with $2.1 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. Our teams continue to leverage our agile and diversified supply chain to manage through global industry disruptions. With regards to the recently announced US tariffs on goods from China, Mexico, and Canada, we currently anticipate a minimal annual impact. Third quarter net inventory decreased five percent to last year, even as we improved our in-stock rates of popular core and seasonal products to fulfill stronger-than-expected consumer demand this quarter. Inventories in each of our regions are well-positioned as we exit holiday and enter the spring season. We still expect to end fiscal 2025 with inventories generally aligned to revenue growth. Weeks of supply continue to decline as we improve our inventory efficiency through initiatives like our predictive buying model, which is designed to put our core top-selling styles in the right channels at the right time. This new buying framework is just one element of our upcoming next-generation transformation strategy, which will bring together our new global ERP system with integrated business planning tools and more productive agile logistics to align with our increasingly global DTC-oriented business going forward. Looking ahead, our outlook remains based on our best assessment of the current geopolitical backdrop as well as the macroeconomic environment. This includes inflationary pressures, tariffs, and other consumer spending-related headwinds, supply chain disruptions, and foreign currency volatility, among other considerations. For fiscal 2025, we now expect constant currency revenues to increase approximately six percent to seven percent, up from three to four percent growth previously, reflecting our strong year-to-date performance. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact full-year revenue growth by about 100 to 150 basis points due to a stronger U.S. Dollar. We now expect operating margin to expand about 120 to 160 basis points, up slightly from our prior outlook, driven by gross margin expansion of about 130 to 170 basis points in constant currency relative to our fiscal 2022 Investor Day base period. This puts us on track to exceed our fifteen percent operating margin target this year. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact both our gross and operating margins by about 30 to 50 basis points. For the fourth quarter, we also expect constant currency revenues to increase a range of approximately six percent to seven percent. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue by approximately 300 basis points. Wholesale is expected to remain on its positive trajectory as North America sell-in more closely aligns to sell-out and Europe wholesale receipts continue from Q2, shifting to the back half of the fiscal year. Our outlook still includes one point of negative impact in the fourth quarter, which shifts into Q1 of fiscal 2026. We expect fourth quarter operating margin to expand approximately 120 to 140 basis points in constant currency, driven by roughly 80 to 120 basis points of gross margin expansion and modest operating expense leverage. Marketing as a percent of sales is expected to be about flat to last year in the fourth quarter, as we concentrated a higher share of this year's marketing dollars on our Summer of Sports and holiday campaigns. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact gross and operating margins by approximately 60 to 80 basis points in the fourth quarter. We still expect our fiscal 2025 tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23% for the full year, while the fourth quarter rate is expected to be around 24%. Lastly, our outlook includes CapEx in the range of $200 to $250 million. In closing, guided by Ralph's creative vision, our teams captured the magic of the holidays and delivered on our purpose of inspiring the dream of a better life. Our strong performance this quarter further underscores Ralph Lauren Corporation's unique emotional connection with consumers around the world. This, combined with our diversified growth drivers and organizational agility, reinforces our confidence in delivering against both our financial and strategic commitments to ensure sustainable value creation into the future. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: You may remove yourself from the queue at any time by pressing star two. If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up the handset before pressing the numbers. We ask that you limit yourself to one question per caller. Once again, if you have a question, the first question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. But just to have one question, it's kind of in two parts. The first part is as you look across your brand momentum, product assortment, growth markets, and more, what would you consider the biggest drivers of your outperform this holiday, and how much of the beat would you attribute to near-term factors versus more sustainable drivers looking ahead? Then the second part of my question is, if you could just elaborate a little bit more on what's really driving the growth in women's and handbags, you know, those and it's the newer categories, the growth categories that you've been talking about for a while. Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Well, good morning, Jay. Thanks for your question. Look, we just delivered a high-quality quarter. Right? And I think what you're seeing is the cumulative effect of our multi-levered strategy in action. Our brand is resonating with consumers around the world in every single market. Our teams are executing with excellence across the key facets of our business, whether that's product, stores, merchandising, marketing, logistics, and this is happening, you can't lose sight of that, in what remains a pretty volatile environment. We've been building this over the years. Right? As I think that many of you know. So this is not the result of one marketing program or one activity in the market or one specific engagement with a consumer group, it's the combination and the cumulative effect of what we've been doing for many quarters now and many years, and the drivers are durable. Just as a quick reminder, three things that I would highlight. First, brand strength, which is really fueled by our rolling thunder of marketing activation. Right? And if you look back not just last quarter, but from several quarters now, the combination of the Olympics, our immersive Hamptons fashion show, our Very Ralph premiere in China, or our innovative holiday campaigns, all that is contributing to this brand strength across a wide group of consumer cohorts. The second piece is the breadth of our lifestyle portfolio, which we continue to believe is a key competitive advantage in our space. Right? And this is both the combination of a strong core that's resonating with consumers around the world. So a strong core are cable knit sweaters, or polo shirts, or Oxford shirts, our polo caps, our blazers, and then high potential categories, and you touched on them, so I'll come back to that. Like women's handbags, like women's apparel, and like outerwear, which are performing particularly well and have significant runway, not just for one quarter two quarters, but actually for many, many years. And then the third durable driver in our mind is the power of our key city ecosystem go-to-market model. Right? With our focus on top thirty cities around the world, and making sure that we are centered on the consumer we want to serve, and continuously elevating across every channel and every touchpoint so we give the consumer, he or she, an incredible experience wherever they want to shop at any point in time within these city clusters. I would add to these three durable drivers the fact that we have built an agility muscle inside the company. And that's been serving us particularly well to navigate what has been, you know, goes back to COVID and the logistics issue with the Red Sea and the esports strike concerns and so on and so forth, enabling us to just navigate a volatile environment and seize on opportunities as we see them. I think what's pretty telling in this past quarter is the top line's up eleven percent. Our inventory is down five percent. It indicates how well our teams have been reactive, nimble, and smart with the use of our inventory across the country. So stepping back, listen, we're pleased with the way the quarter came through. We feel good about the strategic framework that we have and that we're executing against with the durable drivers. And we're actually excited about the magnitude of the opportunities ahead of us across product, across geographies, and across channels. We remain confident that the key elements of our strategy in the fourth quarter and beyond as we remain one on offense, and two, focused on what we can control. When it comes to our high potential categories, women's apparel, and handbags, and I would add outerwear to that, you saw the numbers this quarter. They're up twenty percent, very strong performance. And listen, this all starts by making sure we have a strong foundational core from the product standpoint. Our teams, both our Polo women's team and our handbag teams, have done a really nice job defining where we should play, defining how we should show up at which price points, with products that are distinctive, recognizable, and, you know, quintessentially Ralph Lauren Corporation. And I think that's resonating very well, and we are going to continue to build on the core. The second piece is we changed our marketing significantly across these businesses. Right? And we now have much more dedicated activations on women's apparel, much more dedicated activations on our handbags. We're integrating our handbags much better into the overall proposition. So for those of you who were counting at our recent fashion show, most of the models who walked the runway wore a handbag that would not have been the case five years ago. And then the third area has been very thoughtful on distribution. We've really improved distribution both in DTC and in wholesale, a combination of the footprint and also the presentation. Right? And that includes experimentation we're doing in some of our stores. So those of you who get a chance to Tokyo, you will see we've transformed our Cat Street store actually into a women's only store as part of a learning and experimentation exercise, and we've been super excited with the response that we've seen from consumers. Just as you all know on this call, women and men don't shop the same way, and we want to make sure that we're setting the products and the consumer experience in a way that really is going to resonate with these individual consumers. So early days on this journey, the foundation of our strategy for the company is what we're applying here. It's not that different. Right? It's how do we engage in the right way? How do we have the right core offering with exciting fashion sprinkled in? And then how do we really show up across points of distribution in a way that resonates? When I look at the total addressable market, and we'll have this conversation for Investor Day later this year, the size of the women's apparel market is humongous in our price points. While we have scale, right, because it's a multibillion-dollar business for us, women's apparel, we still have a very, very small market share. The same is true for handbags. Right? Depending on the numbers, eighty to ninety billion dollars. We're far from those numbers. So significant runway there and the same thing for outerwear. So we're excited about how our core is resonating, and, obviously, that will always be priority one at Ralph Lauren Corporation. But we will continue to lean into the selective high potential categories where the brand is resonating, our teams are in touch with the consumer, and we've got significant runway.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, please. Thank you. The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. Patrice, Justin, appreciate you're not guiding for the next fiscal year or your full investor day, but just yet, but with North America inflecting back to growth this year, how should we think about the trajectory of the North American business here? Thank you very much.
Justin Padicci: Taking a step back. You know? So when we started our next great chapter strategic journey several years ago, we made a number of very deliberate choices, right, to elevate our brand, to elevate our distribution. This was especially true in North America. I think lessening our exposure to the lower-tier department stores and reducing our cost price business by fifty percent while at the same time strengthening our full-price proposition and penetration, expanding margins. So we set out to elevate our brand in the marketplace and establish that healthier foundation for long-term consistent growth. We're now seeing the impact of these efforts come through in our improved North America results. You know, the multiple drivers of growth that Patrice just talked about, they're as relevant for North America as they are for other two regions. We're really encouraged by how each of our North America channels is contributing to our growth. On the DTC side, we've delivered now six consecutive quarters of solid comp growth, led by our full-price stores, immediately less discount. We believe this is a pretty good bellwether of how our brand and our product is resonating with consumers. Notably, within DTC, our own digital business is now back on a growth trajectory. On the wholesale side, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've been working to stabilize our business season over season. We've seen a return to growth in the channel a little faster and a little stronger than we anticipated, even as we continue to scale back and prune lowest-tier doors. Clearly, the progress we're seeing in DTC is coming over and starting to translate to wholesale. This is evident by the positive responses we're seeing from top-tier luxury accounts where admittedly still in the early stages of our expansion. So listen. While we're not going to guide for next year or the years beyond just yet, stabilizing that North America wholesale business is an important milestone on our long-term strategic journey. Put together with the momentum we have in DTC, we've established a solid foundation to deliver sustainable revenue growth and operating margin expansion both in our largest region, North America, and for the company overall.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, please.
Matthew Boss: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and congrats on a great quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Matt. So
Matthew Boss: So, Patrice, could you speak to the foundational investments that are now in place that are really driving the double-digit growth in Europe and China? Maybe just elaborate on continued market share opportunity abroad and in white space you see for further store growth. And then, Justin, just maybe could you talk to the balance that you're striking between reinvestment in the business, notably with marketing, which is obviously delivering clear returns, relative to continued margin expansion multi.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So foundational investments for us are really across marketing. Right? And you know, because you follow us closely, that we've increased our marketing spend as a percent of revenue quite meaningfully over the past few years. We're around seven percent now. As we've said in prior conversations, this is not the ceiling. The message to the marketing teams is you have no limit on marketing investment. The only constraint is ROI. So we expect to continue to increase marketing spend here as we expand margin over time. The key elements of the marketing activations have really evolved over time. So we now have a very broad portfolio of marketing activations that range from fashion moments. I wouldn't call them shows because there are much more than shows or cultural moments. To, obviously, all the sports activations, the work we're doing with influencers on social media platforms, gaming, etcetera. The second area where we're investing is obviously store openings. Right? And here, on the one hand, I'm actually really pleased with the work the teams are doing on comp performance. Because look at our comp performance across the regions. Right? Plus eight percent in the US, plus seventeen percent in India, plus fourteen percent in APAC. So the foundation store footprint is delivering, and this is true both across our full-price stores, our outlets, and our own digital. Now we also know we have continued opportunities to expand our footprint across key cities. So we expect this year to open around eighty-five new stores. This is consistent with the three-year target we gave out during Investor Day two and a half years ago of two hundred and fifty new stores. This is true in the US. Matt, I know you talked EMEA Piper, obviously, we have store opening opportunities in the US. We're opening in March next month in March on Jackson Street in San Francisco as we look to expand on the West Coast where we have significant white space. We also have significant opportunities in Europe through both our own and partner stores, and the teams have done an excellent job expanding our footprint and, you know, with the new store openings really delivering nicely relative to our expectations. Of course, in Asia, we'll continue to expand. We've got key opportunities first and foremost, in China with a really nice momentum there. But we also have opportunities in Korea where our footprint is still quite limited. We have opportunities in Japan. So that will continue. Then the last thing I would say from a market share standpoint is, you know, I come from a business where on Gillette, we had ninety-five percent market share. So it's hard to market shift. The good news in this business is it's highly fragmented. Right? And no one really has any meaningful market share. So the market is very large. The business is the category is very fragmented. While we have good positions of leadership in a number of categories, we're still relatively small from a market share standpoint. What we've seen this past quarter is continued market share expansion across men's, across children's, and meaningful share expansion obviously across women's and handbags as we were talking earlier with Jay. So I think the combination of continuing to drive marketing spend and lean into high ROI activities with a broad range of activations and this rolling thunder approach of always on with strong new customer recruiting, which will drive market share growth. Continued selective choiceful footprint expansion in our top thirty key cities is a bit of a flywheel for us. So we expect that to continue to deliver again, being very targeted and focused on how and where we show up because we know one of the risks is to dilute ourselves by being overextended and overexposed.
Justin Padicci: And, Matt, in terms of the balance between investment and flow through, you know, our philosophy really remains unchanged. Right? So balance reinvestment in the longer-term growth of our brand of business, with delivering on or in the case of this quarter, exceeding our near-term operating margin commitments, and you saw this in Q3. We balanced growth with investing back into the business, including in marketing, where we continue to meaningfully increase our spend year over year for Q3, our OpEx rate came in line with our expectations. We delivered SG&A leverage and that importantly came along with really high-quality revenue growth. So we feel like we're striking that right balance and we continue to see us do that as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Next, please. Thank you. Next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good morning, and congratulations on the nice on the very nice progress. As you talked about brick and mortar, and what you're seeing, given the acceleration you've seen around the world, particularly in North America, what changed and how is the outlook performance and is that an area of growth in terms of new stores? And then can you expand on what you're doing in AI, the impact, and the opportunity? Thank you.
Justin Padicci: So I'll talk a little bit about sort of what we're seeing in brick and mortar. You know, we did see strong performance in both our full-price and our outlet stores really across all regions in Q3. Very consistent with sort of the Q2 trends, you know, our full-price stores continue to lead our growth, Dana, and then our Q3 outlet comps actually accelerated on really strong responses to our product offering and enhancements we've made around the world in staffing and experience. Taking a step back, really importantly, we delivered in this brick-and-mortar channel really strong quality of sales. Really strong AUR growth, on extremely positive traffic trends and increased basket. So really feeling good about that performance and it's consistent really across our regions. In North America specifically, similar trends. Again, I would say our Ralph Lauren Corporation stores full-price was continue to lead our performance, and that's consistent with what we've been seeing over the past couple of years really driven by traffic and AUR. AI is a big opportunity for us. So we're leaning into it.
Patrice Louvet: I'd say from a headline standpoint, Dana, we look at AI both through kind of creativity lens and a productivity lens. Right? That's how we really want to be leveraging these new capabilities. On the creativity lens, what you see is not our stores. It's our website. But we're leveraging actually generative AI to help with search and consumer navigation. We're obviously leveraging AI with our contact center in the way we engage with consumers. The philosophy is really the contact center should be much more than a resolution center. It should be one of our biggest stores. Alright? And how do we use that for consumer engagement and of the broader range? Obviously, generative AI is very helpful here. Our creative teams are using it for mood boards, for example. So a number of application areas on the creativity side and consumer engagement front. On the operational productivity front, we've started to leverage it in the context of predictive buying. You heard in our prepared remarks Justin talk about predictive buying, which has really been an accelerator of our performance this past quarter, actually, around the world to be a lot smarter in what we buy. We're also leveraging this in our allocation tools to be a lot smarter about how our products show up in the individual stores. We're in experimentation mode. New terminology in this case is a Genentech AI. I've followed things correctly. We are working with our partners to make sure that we continue to learn and leverage the best capability out there with, obviously, continued focus on authenticity and, you know, human leadership, with AI thought that as a copilot as opposed to replacing how we operate. We're excited about the initial impact we're seeing in the different fields of application across the business.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, please. Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti: Yes. Thanks for taking my question here. May I add my congrats on a great holiday, obviously. Maybe just a short-term one for Justin first and then a follow-up. The hundred basis point increase to the revenue outlook ex currency, but only twenty basis points or so of operating margin. Maybe just a thought on what's changing on the flow through and how much of that might be specific to the fourth quarter versus what, you know, kind of new costs we should be thinking about that could roll over into early twenty twenty-six that we should read from that. Then I guess, I jump all the question, but we've seen small hints of the US turning back to positive on a wholesale basis. Is there a reason it's been hard to sustain, obviously, with what's going on in the end markets there? Do you think we're in a period of more durable growth in positive North America wholesale? You mentioned some new distribution and luxury doors. We know the category expansion efforts. I'm just curious how you look out and see how your confidence is that can stay positive in North America.
Justin Padicci: Thank you. Sure. Thanks, Michael. So as we think about Q4, a couple of things. One, we know we're going into a, you know, it's a smaller quarter. It's also a quarter that we have our end-of-season sales in the quarter as well. So that is a part of the profitability shift. We know in Q3, we had very strong full-price selling that's reflected in our AUR and in our gross margin numbers there. I would say that's probably the biggest difference between Q3 and Q4. In terms of when you think about, you know, North America wholesale and sort of where we're at, we're encouraged by the underlying trends of that business coming out of Q3. We stabilized the business. Right? This was an important milestone for our North America growth trajectory and for our operating margin contribution. North America. You feel good about you got sell-in now, aligned with sell-out. A few consecutive quarters. We're taking share. Right? Even though the overall channel remains soft in a pretty volatile environment, right, while still pruning or quickly. So we're definitely encouraged by the underlying trends. You know, we're happy with the direction of travel. We feel good about how we're positioned in the channel and how we're thinking about it on a go-forward basis. I think when you look at our wholesale business and wholesale in general, it's really important to Justin's earlier comments to segment it. Right? Because not all wholesale is built the same way. The way we think about it is luxury players, the Neiman's, the Saks, the Bloomingdale's, the Nordstroms of this world, the Red Gals, where we've got significant momentum. Then we have wholesale dot com, think Macy's dot com in particular, where we also have very healthy momentum. Then you've got the top fifty doors of the key players where our partners are investing with us, in people, in capital, in the way the product has been presented, and we're seeing that resonate. Then there's the balance of the channel that continues to be challenged and, you know, that we're working through. We're working through two lenses here, which is in those doors where we want to stay, how do we ensure that with our partners, there's investment, there's activation, there's customer service. Then we'll continue to prune. You heard Justin talk about the fact we're going to eliminate another sixty doors within that group this year, and we're going to continuously prune to make sure we're showing up in the right place relative to how we want to project the brand. From a profitability standpoint. So I think Michael, it continues to be a pretty volatile environment. So really important to look at it in subparts. But, obviously, we're pleased that we're now stabilizing a business that's been a drag for this company for many years.
Operator: Thank you. Next question, please. Thank you. The next question comes from John Kernan with TD.
John Kernan: Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a phenomenal holiday.
Justin Padicci: Thank you.
John Kernan: Justin, I think you said you reduced the global discount rate by five hundred basis points in the quarter. Obviously, strong performance in wholesale and DTC. Just curious, you know, how much more room do you have here to reduce discount rates? I know it's been part of the AUR story. AUR, I think you said, in DTC was up double digits again. You know, when you look at, you know, where you are from a full-price sell-through, how much more space you have to reduce the global discount rate.
Justin Padicci: Yeah. No. No. It's definitely something we think about. You know, if you think about what's driven our AUR and our margin expansion over the past seven years, right, there's been a couple of things. Right? There's been sort of favorable channel geo mix, there's been product mix elevation, like-for-like price, and there's also been, to your point, when repositioning, disciplined inventory management, and that promotional kind of pullback. They've probably been about equal parts over the last, you know, five, six, seven years. As we look forward, we believe that those drivers are all durable with the one caveat being like-for-like is going to be a target driver that we're really going to lean into to offset cost inflation when we see there are structural changes in cost like what we're seeing in Japan with foreign currency. If you think about the drivers there, you know, the promotional pullback driver, you know, in this quarter, we pulled back promotions in all of our regions and all of our channels. We saw really strong full-price selling driven by our marketing and our product. You know? And, really, what happened was we were able to step change our promotions really across our entire ecosystem. That's something that, you know, it was done in North America, where you probably have a bit more runway than some of our channels like our outlet channel, but it was also done in China where we're very, very elevated, highest AUR in the world, and we still were able to pull back and to get some AUR growth and market expansion from that promotional lever. So we feel really good about the concept in terms of this lever going forward. Our new consumer acquisition muscle that we've built up, pretty focused on bringing more full-price customers into the fray, really gives us confidence that that's why we look and continue and that this particular lever of AUR growth and gross margin expansion has a lot of runway as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Next. Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Borja with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ike Borja: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Let me have my congrats. I think Justin, two for you. Can you just clearly, your business is very, you know, idiosyncratic, and you're doing a fantastic job on the markdowns. Globally, just curious. The US market, the US wholesale market, do you notice any changes with inventory with pricing cadence just across your competition, or have things probably still kind of steady as she goes? Then just to follow-up on the demand creation questions you've gotten, I think you're at seven percent. You guys have kind of hinted you'd love to take that up with momentum. I mean, should we expect that you continue to reinvest in that line item to keep the flywheel going on demand going forward?
Justin Padicci: Yeah. So thanks for the question. I mean, taking the second one first. On the marketing, you know, seven percent is not a ceiling. I mean, Patrice said it, I say it. It's a mantra. We're certainly seeing very encouraging proof of concept in terms of the ROI behind our marketing investments, and you can look no further than the past couple of quarters. So I think that's something that absolutely when we think about priorities for our capital and cash, you know, marketing tops the list, and we're building really strong proof points to be able to push that seven percent as we move forward. I think when it comes to wholesale, you know, look, we're very well positioned from an inventory perspective in that channel. That's always been an important part of our sort of repositioning is pivot from sell-in to sell-out and really stay focused to keep our inventory lean and rely on our agile and flexible supply chain. By the way, as we ramp up our predictive buying process, it certainly kind of, you know, adds fuel to that fire to be able to chase into incremental demand as we see it, particularly in our core styles. So we've kept our inventory, you know, aligned with that sort of end consumer sell-out. We're not seeing in our business promotions like we saw in our DTC space. They're going down. In Q3, we were able to kind of pull back because we saw some pretty favorable full-price traction in the wholesale channel as well as what we saw in DTC translated over. So we feel really good about how we're positioned from a stock perspective in that channel.
Operator: We'll take the last question, please, Angela.
Chris Nardone: Thank you. Our final question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Chris Nardone: Thanks. Good morning. What is the timeline of implementing your next-gen transformation project? Then how should we think about the specific capabilities that you'll be adding to help drive continued sustainable growth? Apologies for the voice.
Justin Padicci: Yeah. So thanks, Chris. So on the NGT project, you know, as you know, we're in the preliminary planning phase of this project this fiscal year. The project is moving to a single global ERP, also a predictive buying and allocation tool to enable kind of strategic inventory management, as well as upgrading our warehouse management systems to allow for sort of seamless inventory movements across channels within regions. We've disclosed some of our preliminary costs in our ten-Q beginning, I think, in Q1 of this year, which are not significant. We're going to provide more updates as we kind of wrap the planning phase this year and begin to finalize our related kind of solutions and contracts. We've landed on a solution now, we're working on landing the SI. We'll give a better sense of the total project cost and then that, you know, that are going to be expected over the next kind of three to five years in the next quarter or so. But I think when you think about just broad time frame, we're talking, you know, stage implementations, likely starting in fiscal 2027. Alright. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today.
Patrice Louvet: We look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter and fiscal year-end earnings call in late May, and then we'll get together towards the end of the year for our next Investor Day. Until then, take care, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning. And thank you for joining Ralph Laurens second quarter fiscal 2025 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the companys President and Chief Executive Officer; and Justin Picicci, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During todays call, our financial performance will be discussed on a constant currency adjusted basis. Our reported results, including foreign currency, can be found in this mornings press release. We will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities law, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guaranteed, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this mornings earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Corey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining todays call. We delivered strong second quarter performance and are entering the important holiday season with continued momentum across our brand, product assortments, geographies and channels. Our performance through the quarter and first half of the year underscore the strength of our diversified growth strategy, our growing brand desirability, and our powerful engagements with an expanding and increasingly elevated consumer base across genders, generations and markets. Around the world, our teams continue to execute with excellence on our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate strategy. In the second quarter, we outperformed our expectations across the topline, as well as gross and operating margins through what remains a choppy global operating environment. This enabled us to reinvest back into our brand building initiatives and key city ecosystems to drive sustainable growth ahead. Our retail business across every region led our performance once again, delivering double-digit comp growth. Our continued pricing power is one barometer for the strength and growing desirability of our brand in the marketplace. Retail AUR was up another 10% on top of 9% growth last year, ahead of our expectations on a more elevated brand positioning and further reductions in discounting. At the same time, we continue to operate with discipline to improve our expense management across the organization and strengthen our balance sheet. This enables us to invest behind our strategic priorities, all while delivering profitability ahead of our expectations. All of this gives us the confidence to take up our full year outlook ahead of holiday. Let me take you through a few highlights from the quarter where we drove continued progress across our three strategic pillars. As a reminder, these include first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand; second, Drive the Core and Expand for More; and third, win in consumer ecosystem. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. We are proud to have one of the most iconic and beloved brands in the world. And our teams continue to build on the legacy that Ralph created as we connect and engage with consumers from Tokyo to Shanghai, Paris to Milan and New York to LA. This quarter was no exception, highlighting Ralph Laurens place at the heart of culture. Some of the exciting moments from the second quarter included first, our spectacular summer of sports. We were honored to once again serve as the official outfitter of Team USA in the 2024 Paris Olympics and Paralympics, a cherished partnership since 2008. From our inspiring athletes to our on-air media personalities and celebrities like Beyonce, Kendall Jenner, Tom Cruise and Billie Eilish, all sporting timeless Ralph Lauren looks, our brand was front and center for one of the most successful summer games ever. Supported by our athlete collaborations, Ralph Lauren was the number one most visible fashion brand during the Paris Olympics, according to third-party metrics, outpacing both our athletic and luxury brand competitors. We also celebrated our 19th year as official outfitter of the championships at Wimbledon. Wimbledon consistently ranks as one of our most successful global events of the year through a range of celebrity, VIC, and influencer activations, including dressing stars like Zendaya, K-pop star Mark Lee, and Pierce Brosnan this year. Closing out the summer, our North America teams continued to amplify our sponsorship of the U.S. Open, perhaps the most electrifying Grand Slam of the year. Our retro-inspired uniforms on the court were only matched by the polished style off-court. Together, these summer sports campaigns delivered more than 142 billion PR impressions globally, significantly exceeding our expectations as we focus on driving long-term brand awareness, advocacy and desirability. And kicking off New York Fashion Week, our stunning World of Ralph Lauren Spring 2025 runway show in the Hamptons this September. Inspired by the natural beauty and free-spirited elegance of coastal living as only Ralph can do. The event also brought together many friends of the brand, including Naomi Campbell, Naomi Watts, Jude Law and K-pop star Winter, among many others, helping to drive more than 33 billion PR impressions and a record 205 million views of the show online. These activations are driving strong, sustainable growth in new customer acquisition and engagement. In the second quarter, we added 1.5 million new consumers to our DTC businesses, a high single-digit increase to last year. Consistent with recent trends, this new customer acquisition was predominantly led by younger, higher-value and less price-sensitive cohorts. Our brand consideration and Net Promoter Scores increased globally, led by North America and Europe, and our online search grew high double digits, significantly outpacing our competitive set. And we continued to grow our social media followers by low double digits to last year, surpassing 62 million, led once again by Instagram, Threads, Line, TikTok, and Douyin. Moving next to our second key initiative, Drive the Core and Expand for More. Ralph and our design teams continue to create timeless, sophisticated styles reimagined for our customers modern way of living. Our Hamptons show was a great example of how we are leveraging our powerful portfolio of highly recognizable core products, styled together with newer opportunities like handbags, in order to realize our brands full long-term potential. Starting with our core products, which represent more than 70% of our business, sales were up low double digits ahead of our total company growth in the second quarter. Core product highlights from the quarter included our iconic mesh Polo Shirts, cable knit wool and Cashmere Sweaters, outerwear including coat and jackets, sports coats and our Polo baseball caps. Were also encouraged by the strong growth in our Polo original label, which enables us to offer a more elevated polo assortment within our direct-to-consumer channels. Our high potential categories, including womens apparel, outerwear and handbags, together increased mid-teens, strongly outpacing our total company growth rate as we continue to drive our strategy of foundational pieces to anchor her modern wardrobe. Womens highlights this quarter included cable knit and bear sweaters, relaxed shirting, dresses and our outerwear programs, including barn and work jackets. Within handbags, we drove double-digit growth and strong gross margin expansion compared to last year. Polo Womens led this performance once again, supported by our expanded collection of Polo ID silhouettes for fall. Other exciting releases this quarter included our U.S. Open capsule, Denim Daydream, our third and final drop with Naiomi Glasses, our first Artist in Residence, celebrating denim as the Fabric of America, and towards the end of the quarter, we launched our latest Pink Pony collection with a portion of proceeds going toward the fight against cancer. Pink Pony remains an important part of Ralph Laurens decades-long commitment to cancer prevention and treatment in underserved communities. Turning to our third key initiative, winning key cities with our consumer ecosystem. We remain focused on developing our key city ecosystems around the world. Our ecosystem approach delivers both elevation and consistency across all of our consumer channels and touch points. Within DTC, which comprises two-thirds of our business, we drove accelerated comp growth this quarter, while also expanding our presence in key markets. Comps were up 10% above our expectations. This outperformance was led by our brick-and-mortar stores, while our digital channel was in line with plan. Globally, we opened 25 new owned and partner stores focused on our top cities, largely in Asia. Store opening highlights during the period included Giverny, Tulsa, Wuhan and Shenzhen, among others. By region, growth was led by Asia, up 10% this quarter and slightly ahead of our outlook. This was followed by strong mid-single-digit growth in Europe, where our teams continue to execute well across key markets. And importantly, North America returned to growth this quarter on ongoing strength in DTC and a more normalized wholesale trend. Looking at China specifically, revenue was up low-teens once again this quarter, on top of more than 25% growth last year. This was driven by a combination of double-digit new customer acquisition, solid comp growth, new full-price stores and concessions, and expansion on newer platforms like Douyin. Our brand desirability continues to grow as we focus first and foremost on building our business with domestic Chinese consumers. As a reminder, China currently only represents 8% of our total company sales. While we are monitoring geopolitical and macro developments, along with consumer behavior closely, we still see significant long-term opportunities ahead. And our ecosystem expansion remains disciplined as we largely focus on our six key city clusters in the market. And finally, touching on our enablers. Our business continued to be supported by our five key enablers. In September, we published our annual Timeless by Design report, outlining our progress in delivering citizenship and sustainability programs that both leverage opportunities and manage risk to future-proof our business. Notable highlights include achieving a 33% reduction in absolute greenhouse gas emissions as we transition to more sustainable energy sources across our value chain, and continuing to drive innovation with sustainable materials, creating our first ever 100% recycled cotton Polo Shirt as part of our Paris Olympics collection this summer. In closing, Ralph and I are energized by our teams terrific progress through the first half of this fiscal year. Building on the strength of our timeless brand and diversified growth drivers, we remain focused on delivering consistently strong execution, in spite of ongoing volatility in the broader operating environment. Looking ahead as the holiday season gets underway, we have momentum and we are still firmly on offense. We are executing on our long-term game plan, further elevating our brand and positioning in the marketplace, while remaining focused on what we can control. And with that, Ill hand it over to Justin to walk us through the financials and Ill join him at the end to answer your questions.
Justin Picicci: Thanks, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our fiscal 2025 is off to a strong start. We drove second quarter results ahead of our expectations across every key metric, underscoring the diversity of our strategic growth drivers, along with the continued momentum and growing desirability of our brand. Second quarter revenue growth exceeded our plan, driven by better than expected performance in our direct-to-consumer channel. Gross and operating margins were also above our outlook, with upside to gross margins enabling us to mitigate supply chain disruptions, while also fueling additional investments in brand building and digital. All three regions contributed to operating margin expansion and we achieved all of this while continuing to navigate a highly uncertain global operating environment. This progress through the first half of the year gives us confidence in raising the full-year outlook we introduced back in May. But before I get to guidance, let me walk you through our financial highlights from the second quarter, which, as a reminder, are provided on a constant currency basis. Total company second quarter revenue growth of 6% exceeded our outlook, led once again by our direct-to-consumer channels. Total company retail comps grew 10%, as we increased our penetration of full-price selling in each of our regions. Total digital ecosystem sales, including our own sites and wholesale digital accounts, increased high single digits. Total company adjusted gross margin expanded 170 basis points to 67.1%. This strong performance was driven by favorable mixed shifts towards our full-price and international businesses, AUR growth and lower cotton costs. AUR increased 10% in the second quarter. This exceeded our mid-single-digit outlook, driven by greater-than-expected reductions in discounting across every region, as consumers responded positively to our Fall 2024 offering. Our AUR growth also continues to be supported by long-term mixed benefits, channel, geographic and product. We still expect mid-single-digit AUR growth for the second half of the fiscal year, as we rely less on like-for-like pricing this year. Adjusted operating expenses grew 7% to 55.5% of sales, up 60 basis points to last year. The increase was driven by the planned timing of marketing investments, which represented 8.7% of sales this quarter, as we focus on driving new customer acquisition and long-term brand desirability. Key campaigns included our Spring 2025 Runway Show in the Hamptons, Team USA at the Olympics, and our Grand Slam sponsorships. We continue to expect full year marketing at about 7% of sales, implying lower spend in the second half of the year, notably in Q4. Excluding marketing, adjusted operating expense rate was flat to last year, as increased reinvestment to drive our digital business was offset by corporate cost savings. And our adjusted operating margin expanded 120 basis points to 11.7%. Moving to segment performance and starting with North America, second quarter revenue inflected back to growth, up 3% and exceeding our expectations. Continued momentum in retail more than offset a modest planned decline in wholesale, which normalized from Q1 trends. In North America retail, second quarter comps accelerated to 6%. Brick-and-mortar comps were up 9%, with strong growth in both full-price and outlet stores. Digital comps declined 2%, improving sequentially as we invested in more targeted marketing, merchandising and site enhancements under new digital leadership. Our digital wholesale business remained encouraging, with positive high single-digit sell-out in the quarter. Total North America wholesale revenues decreased 3%, in line with our full-price sell-out this quarter. Our wholesale AUR increased mid-single digits, stronger than recent trends, on well-positioned inventories in the channel. We continue to expect our wholesale sell-in to remain generally aligned with sell-out through the remainder of the fiscal year. Our outlook still includes the planned exit of 45 department store doors this fiscal year. While the ongoing exits are not material to our financial results, we continue to proactively evaluate and refine our brand presence on a door-by-door basis. Moving to Europe, second quarter revenue increased 6%, driven by strong performance across our retail channels. All key markets delivered growth in the quarter, with the exception of the U.K., where underlying trends are improving. In Europe retail, comps increased 15% to last year, well exceeding our expectations. Growth was balanced across our brick-and-mortar and digital channels. Europe AUR continued to grow strongly on top of last years high single-digit increase, driven by our brand elevation, with discount rates down significantly to last year, despite a competitive promotional environment. Within DTC, we were especially encouraged by our performance in France and Germany, which both delivered high single-digit growth this quarter. Within France specifically, we delivered our highest-ever brand consideration scores, led by womens and next-gen consumers, supported by our marketing amplifications around our summer of sports, including the Olympics. Europe wholesale increased slightly and below our full-year outlook of low single-digit growth, reflecting strategic reductions in excess sales to the off-price channel and shifts in receipt timing to the second half of the fiscal year related to Red Sea disruptions. Excluding these impacts, underlying growth in our Europe wholesale business would have been up approximately mid-single digits for the quarter. Looking ahead, we still expect challenging compares in our digital pure play accounts, as we lapped significant restocking that took place in the second half of last year. That said, we expect total Europe wholesale growth to improve sequentially in the second half of fiscal 2025, based on solid underlying trends and the receipt shifts from Q2 into Q3 and Q4. We remain encouraged by our teams strong execution and the strengthening brand perception in Europe, especially given the ongoing dynamic operating environment across the region. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 10%, reflecting growth in all markets. Retail comps were up 11%, on top of an 8% increase last year, with strong growth in both digital and brick-and-mortar stores. Asia results exceeded our outlook, led by strong performance in Japan and China. Japan grew low-teens to last year and accelerated from first quarter trends, supported by key marketing campaigns, stronger full-price selling and continued tailwinds from inbound tourism. China also grew low-teens, consistent with our outlook for the quarter and full year, driven by comp growth, high-quality new customer recruitment and expanded distribution. Moving to the balance sheet. Our strong balance sheet and cash flows continue to be key enablers of our fortress foundation, allowing us to make strategic growth investments in our business while returning cash to shareholders. We ended the quarter with $1.7 billion in cash in short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. We generated about $300 million in free cash this fiscal year-to-date, enabling returns of approximately $375 million in the form of dividends and share repurchases, even as we continue to make important long-term investments in our brand, technology, and ecosystems. Net inventory decreased 6% to last year, in line with our plan. Weeks of supply improved versus last year, despite ongoing disruptions related to the Red Sea. Our inventories are well-positioned, heading into the holiday season in each of our regions, including North America, despite the three-day East Coast port strike in early October. Our teams leveraged our agile and diversified supply chain to preemptively reroute a portion of our fall holiday receipts to the West Coast, along with select use of air freight in anticipation of a potential strike. And we continue to closely monitor and protect incoming supply ahead of the next deadline for contract negotiations in mid-January. We still expect to end fiscal 2025, with inventories generally aligned to revenue growth. Looking ahead, our outlook remains based on our best assessment of the current geopolitical backdrop, as well as the macroeconomic environment. This includes inflationary pressures and other consumer-spending-related headwinds, supply chain disruptions and foreign currency volatility, among other considerations. For fiscal 2025, we now expect constant currency revenues to increase in a range of approximately 3% to 4%, up from 2% to 3% previously. Our outlook continues to include stronger growth in DTC and our international markets. Foreign currency volatility is now expected to negatively impact revenue growth by about 40 basis points to 60 basis points, down from 150 basis points previously, driven primarily by improvements in Asian FX rates. With regards to this years revenue cadence, the third quarter is expected to be negatively impacted by the timing of this years Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, including a shorter holiday selling window and a shift in post-Christmas sale dates in our North America outlets into Q4. These headwinds are expected to be partly offset by a roughly 5-point shift of Europe digital comps into Q3, due to the earlier timing of Boxing Day sales this fiscal year. Our fiscal fourth quarter will also be negatively impacted by a late Easter, which shifts into Q1 of fiscal 2026. Despite all of these moving pieces, we remain confident in our underlying trends and expect to deliver solid growth in both our Q3 and Q4 comps. We now expect operating margin to expand about 110 basis points to 130 basis points, up slightly from our previous outlook, to a range of 13.6% to 13.8%. In constant currency relative to our fiscal 2022 Investor Day base period, this keeps us firmly on track to deliver our 15% operating margin target this year. We expect gross margin to expand 80 basis points to 120 basis points, driven by a favorable mixed shift towards our international and full-price DTC businesses, continued growth in AUR and lower cotton costs. These drivers are expected to more than offset incremental headwinds from labor, non-cotton raw material costs and rerouting inventories into the U.S. from the East Coast. And for fiscal 2025, foreign currency is expected to negatively impact our gross and operating margins by about 20 basis points. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to increase in a range of 3% to 4% in constant currency, led by our DTC channels. Wholesale is expected to continue improving sequentially from first-half trends, as North Americas sell-in more closely aligns to sell-out, and Europe wholesale receipts shift from Q2 into the back half of the fiscal year. Foreign currency is expected to benefit revenue by approximately 10 basis points to 50 basis points. We expect third quarter operating margin to expand approximately 100 basis points to 140 basis points in constant currency, driven by gross margin expansion. Marketing as a percentage of sales is expected to be roughly in line with last year in the third quarter to support our global holiday activations, and lower in the fourth quarter. And foreign currency is expected to have a roughly neutral impact on both gross and operating margin in the third quarter. We still expect our fiscal 2025 tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23% for the full year, while the third quarter rate is expected to be around 22%. And lastly, our outlook includes CapEx in the range of $250 million to $300 million. In closing, we are strongly encouraged by our teams execution, focus and dedication in what continues to be a highly uncertain global operating environment. All brands are not created equal, and Ralph Lauren remains one of the most powerful and authentic brands globally. This gives us the credibility to grow not only our core businesses, but also continue to expand our high potential categories and we are building on our momentum. Ralphs vision of inspiring the dream of a better life continues to resonate across generations and geographies, and we remain committed to supporting the thoughtful expansion of the businesses that will bring this vision to life over the near and longer term. With that, lets open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss with J.P. Morgan.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and congrats on another really nice quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So, international has been a key driver of your consistent outperformance for more than a year now. Could you elaborate on the enablers driving the outsized level of growth that youre seeing in Europe and China? What gives you confidence that this momentum can be sustainable? And then, Justin, with operating margins now tracking to mid-teens constant currency this year, could you speak to multiyear margin drivers that you see remaining?
Patrice Louvet: Well, good morning, Matt. Thanks for your question. I really want to start by saying that were really proud of our teams execution in every region right now. And yes, our performance in key international markets has been quite strong in what hasnt been a particularly easy operating environment. But whether you look at China, Japan, Germany, France or Italy, were driving elevation, were driving domestic demand with highly engaged new and existing customers. As you saw in our guidance increase this morning, our strategy is delivering and we have confidence in our continued momentum ahead. So why is that? And I would call out three core reasons that are going to sound familiar to you, Matt. First, we have a very unique, timeless brand that we are nurturing and investing behind. You saw this with the rolling thunder of marketing and cultural activations ranging from the Olympics to Wimbledon to the U.S. Open to an incredible fashion show in the Hamptons and more. And we remain committed to investing in our brand, not just in the summer, not just during holiday, this holiday, but really with an always-on mindset. And that is serving us very well around the world. The second point is that our teams are designing and delivering product thats resonating with consumers across geographies and across generations. And this is really about our enduring brand codes of quality, timelessness and style, right? Ranging from our powerful core, you will have heard that our core is 70% of the business and was up double digits, so performing strongly this quarter again. And thats the foundation of this company to more innovative items based on recent trends like barn jackets, like our Polo ID bags, like our Polo 67 fragrance. This broad range of products is really resonating with consumers. And I think its this breadth and depth of Ralph Lauren lifestyle portfolio and our ability to flex that are two competitive edges in an ever fickle fashion market. The third point is we have a proven elevated go-to-market strategy. This is well underway in places like China and across Europe where weve zeroed in in our Tier 1 top cities, right? We talked some of them on the call. And in North America, were implementing a similar strategy. Were encouraged by the inflection back to growth with five quarters of comp growth under our belt, with latest quarter North America comps up 6. But in general, I think were seeing performance across all the key cities be strong, starting with our brick-and-mortar stores. So, listen, Ive said it before, but it bears repeating. In a volatile environment, Ralph Lauren is firmly on offense. We have momentum. Our multi-lever strategy is working. And were going to keep executing with agility and excellence. And with that, Ill turn it over to Justin to answer your margin question.
Justin Picicci: Hey, Matt. So on the margin question, were focused on delivering on our commitments, right? Thats consistent with what youve been seeing. Well continue to balance delivering on our margin targets while also considering and making investments thats going to deliver for the longer term. We took up our guide for this years operating margin expansion to 110 basis points to 130 basis points up, implying that were firmly on track with our fiscal 2025 Investor Day target of that 15%. But 15% is not a ceiling. Were going to continue to focus on driving margin expansion along with continued strategic investments to deliver long-term growth. We could just reinvest in upside into marketing, for example. And if you think about the longer term beyond fiscal 2025 strategy, the brand elevation strategy continues. And from a margin expansion perspective, itll likely be a combination of modest growth margin expansion supported by the durable levers that weve talked and expense leverage as we scale the investments that we make.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Okay. Well go to the next question, please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Justin, can you talk about your confidence in Ralph Laurens pricing power, maybe a less favorable pricing environment ahead and how much farther do you think you can go with pricing? And then maybe Patrice, can you just talk about the performance of the full-price stores in the U.S. in the quarter and how that impacts your view on store opening potential looking out next year and beyond? Thank you.
Justin Picicci: Thanks, Jay. Our brand has been an important backbone to our pricing power and weve put in a lot of work over the last seven plus years to invest in and to elevate our brand. And well see these investments, these brand building investments continue for this holiday and also beyond. And as you know, we planned for mid-single-digit AUR growth this year, coming off a few years of like-for-like pricing that we took to offset cost inflation. As we lean less on like-for-like in the near-term, our longer-term AUR drivers are remarkably durable, and theyre flexible. Illustrating, so on the product side, were still elevating, starting with our core and icons and tapping into category opportunities like womens, like outerwear, like handbags. Consumers are clearly gravitating to the higher end of our assortment because of our marketing, our elevated experiences and our investments in quality. Another steady benefit to AUR is around our strategic and deliberate changes in geo and channel mix, with a particular focus on growing that high-quality, full-price distribution across all of our regions. And lastly, youll see us continue to invest in this newer muscle of customer acquisition, focusing really on customers who enter the brand as high-value consumers, meaning they start shopping with us at full-price and with bigger baskets. This customer shift enables us to pull back on promotions and discounts, and discount less over time. So weve consistently demonstrated we can flex these and other various levers up or down to adapt to whatever the current macro or the current pricing environment may be, including when that environment is more competitive. And AUR, its ultimately an outcome of these drivers, and in turn, it drives gross margin. And there, weve seen solid expansion both in the quarter and over the past few years and we expect more of that to come as we move forward.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Jay. On the full-price store question, well, listen, Ralph Lauren stores, full-price stores in North America, continue to lead our performance, consistent actually with the last 14 quarters, driven by traffic, right? So we have a model thats working here. I think the things to highlight are strong continued momentum despite strong compares. Were continuing our elevation efforts in our full-price stores. Those of you who get a chance to visit it, hopefully you experience that. And we draw a favorable mix from full-price selling and from womens growth, which has been a disproportionate contributor to our performance. Our promotional discounts are actually down in Q2, supporting further the full-price point I was making earlier. So we feel very good about the momentum we have in our full-price stores. Our team is doing an excellent job in North America in these stores, engaging with consumers, driving client selling, showcasing product that consumers are looking for. Im really encouraged by the progress were making in new store openings, so were still leaning into that. We have many opportunities around the world and in North America. Youll recall we guided at Investor Day two and a half years ago that we would open 15 to 20 new full-price stores in North America. We are on track for that. The next one, I believe, is in San Francisco on Jackson Street. Were happy to actually return to San Francisco with a Ralph Lauren store, so excited about that. And youre going to continue to see us drive that part of our business disproportionately, continue to expand the footprint. And what were also really pleased about is the flow-through that were seeing from a profitability standpoint in these stores, consistent in North America and around the world.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter. I know you guys are busy at work. A couple for me. On U.S. wholesale, down 3% in the quarter. You said it should trend forward at a pace close to sell-out from here. Could this be positive this year based on what youre seeing and maybe what are the initial orders for calendar 2025 looking like? And then on SG&A, Justin, it sounded for a while like that will be a bigger driver in the next multiyear plan. If we exclude marketing, SG&A was about flat on 6% revenue growth. Im curious, can you start to lever SG&A excluding marketing on the single-digit growth and how to think about timing when you see SG&A start to pivot to leverage?
Justin Picicci: Sure. Thanks, Michael. So on the North America wholesale performance, we are encouraged. We did see as we expected. We saw our sell-out and sell-in align in Q2 at that down low single-digit and when you pick that apart, there are green shoots there. Were seeing our more upper tier distribution work really well. Were seeing top key city doors outpace the fleet and were seeing digital continue to outperform in the quarter. So certainly some green shoots there that were leaning into. As you know, were calling for kind of a stabilization of that down low single-digit as we head through the back half of the year, but certainly encouraged by the stabilization. On the SG&A leverage, our guidance for this fiscal year, as you know, implies SG&A leverage. As we saw again this quarter, we continue to balance delivering on the short-term with reinvesting upside behind our business and brand to drive growth for the longer term. And as you mentioned, looking at the first half of the year, in Q1, we delivered SG&A leverage ex marketing, and in Q2, our rate was flat when you strip out marketing. We had some big brand moments in the first half of the year, some of which we didnt have in the first half of last year, like the Olympics and our fashion shows, which drove the deleverage. So were making choiceful decisions to invest behind our brand and youre seeing that play through. And were still, by the way, taking up our profitability guide, right? So were seeing it flow through both in the current year and then also for the longer term. Overall, if you take out the quarterly timing of marketing, were delivering leverage in the first half. And looking ahead, we expect our marketing rate to rebalance versus last year, notably in Q4, which is a smaller quarter. So I think we feel pretty good about the control we have around our expenses and decisions were making to reinvest some of that upside. To your point on the revenue growth, the leveraging, again, I think that were pretty much there with wholesale stabilization and with our DTC growth that weve seen. I think weve got some optionality and we do plan on delivering leverage for the full year.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Michael Binetti: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Hi. Good morning, everyone. As you think of the progress that you made both in the core assortment, where basically it accelerated to up low double digits from up low singles last quarter, and the high potential categories up mid-teens from up mid-single digits. Is that in all channels? Is it globally? How do you see the increasing resonance? And given you mentioned at the beginning new customers, is that part of the driver too? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sounds good, Dana. So I cant wait for your follow-up. Justin is chomping at the bit. Listen, as far as the product lineup is concerned and its resonance around the world, its actually very consistent. So our core is resonating in Tokyo, in Seoul, in Shanghai, in Milan, and I could go on and on. So were seeing very consistent response to our foundational item, right, our Polo Shirts, our cable knit sweaters, our sports coats and thats actually really exciting to see. Were leaning into that. I think at a time where consumers are worried about their future around the world, where theyre more discerning on how they spend their money, they really turn to brands they know, they turn to product categories they trust, and obviously, Ralph Lauren has incredible credibility in these categories. So youre going to see that everywhere around the world and its not a one-quarter phenomenon. Weve been seeing that for a while. Its in part the result of our strategy, which is to focus on the core first and then expand for more. On the high-potential category, same story. I mean, womens, particularly driven by Polo Womens, has been doing particularly well over the past few quarters, and certainly, a real highlight this quarter. We are seeing that resonate everywhere around the world. And when I travel and you see a lot of young women sporting our Polo Cap or our bear sweaters, whether thats in Asia, Europe or here in North America. Same is true for outerwear, and obviously, were now really in the season of outerwear, but weve shifted that business to be an always-on business as opposed to a seasonal business, and weve seen strong, consistent growth on that. And then were really pleased with the handbag progress, right? This is driven by Polo ID and that whole collection, which is really resonating with that younger cohort. Again, youll see that consistently around the world. One of the things that gives us confidence moving forward is the breadth of our performance, right? This is not driven by one region, one channel, one product category. We have a very diversified growth model and its really playing out here. Were seeing pretty consistent performance around the world. You saw North America now back to growth, DTC comps, double-digit and thats pretty true around the world. So were running the game plan, focused on our top key cities, but very consistent around the world. Were seeing very consistent consumer response.
Justin Picicci: You had a follow-up, Dana, which youre very lucky we dont give follow-ups.
Dana Telsey: I know. Justin, this is a Justin one. So as you think about tariffs, what percent of your goods are directly imported, how much -- and including how much comes from China and how do you adjust either sourcing or pricing to the end consumer?
Patrice Louvet: Yeah. Thanks, Dana. Our global sourcing and supply chain is agile and well-positioned. We have strong partnerships around the world and thats really served us well and been a key differentiator for us through the pandemic and beyond. Weve significantly diversified that sourcing footprint over the past seven-plus years and developed alternate production for our key product categories as well as nearshoring capabilities for our regions. As part of that global diversification, China now represents about a high single-digit percentage of our globally sourced units, about the same as our China sales penetration. So well wait and see what, if any, future policy ultimately gets passed, but weve navigated tariffs successfully before, including not so long ago and were going to remain agile and continue to proactively develop and scale new global supply chain opportunities to mitigate any potential risks and disruptions.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Paul Kearney with Barclays Capital.
Paul Kearney: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just drilling down on comp store sales performance in the quarter, in North America, can you provide further detail on outlet and the results from some of the changes you have made in the stores on staffing and products? Then Europe came in significantly ahead of expectations for all the reasons, Patrice, that you already went through, but what are some of the drivers versus your expectations and how to think about that performance for the remainder of the year?
Patrice Louvet: Thank you. Sure. So on the North America kind of trends, kind of taking a step back, were really, really pleased with our performance, our brick-and-mortar comp up high single-digit, with our full-price stores continuing to lead that performance where we saw just continued momentum, solid traffic. On the outlet side, we also saw acceleration, really, really off the backs of some really strong traffic. So we were able to see kind of traffic drive conversion kind of picked up and so we did see a pickup compared to Q1. I think in general for DTC, as we think about going forward, we expect continued strength, but we know were up against a compressed holiday period and we also have an end-of-season outlet sale shift in Q3, so we do expect continued momentum, but a bit of a moderation in that growth as we look forward. On the Europe side, so we took up our guide on the really strong first half our performance and were really encouraged by Europe, and you think about the context that were operating in, it continues to be a very dynamic operating environment. So with two quarters of solid performance behind us, healthy underlying trend growth, growth in Q2 across all key markets ex the U.K., which the underlying trend was growing when you take out some of the off-price noise, we feel good taking our outlet up to that higher end of the initial guide. So leaning towards that plus low-to-mid-single-digit range with DTC at the higher end and wholesale at the lower end. We continue to be cautiously optimistic based upon our teams strong execution and our strengthening brand perception in the market.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking our question. Patrice, you commented
Patrice Louvet: Good morning.
Brooke Roach:  a few times about strong full-price sales momentum for the brand. As you evaluate the brands discount rate overall in North America across both the full line and outlet store channels, how close are we to optimal discount rates overall and what are the plans for pricing and promotions as we move into this holiday season and beyond? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: So I guess headline message, Brooke, is first of all, let me start globally and then Ill double-click on North America. Globally, this quarter and our general trend has been reduced promotional activity, right? And actually thats contributed to the stronger-than-expected AUR this past quarter of 10%. So direction of travel is reduction of discount. That applies to North America as well. And were on an elevation journey, so our expectations will continue to mix AUR up. I think from a like-for-like pricing, were going to stay relatively stable for the foreseeable future. Obviously, well stay in touch with how costs evolve, but I dont think were going to need any specific like-for-like pricing bar. Japan, where were working through kind of durable FX changes. And then on the promotional front, Id say direction of travel is elevation, so pullback on promotion is our game plan. But were going to stay nimble, right? And given the magnitude of progress weve had on AURs over the past seven years now, we have the flexibility to get sharper where we need to get sharper. But in general, our expectation is were going to continue to run the play as weve been doing these past few quarters, pull -- continue to pull back on promotion. I dont know, Brooke, I dont know how to define, I wish I could give you a good answer on that. I dont know how to define what optimal promotional level is because its very dependent on the competitive environment we operate in, right? If we were the only brand, that would be easy to define, but consumers have choices. But this being said, I think were laser-focused on making sure that we drive excitement with our target consumers, that we drive engagement, that they see the value in investing in raw foreign products. And I think as you can see from our performance this quarter and our confidence in the future, we plan to continue to run that play.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Oh! Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. Justin, I think
Patrice Louvet: Hi, Laurent.
Laurent Vasilescu: you mentioned that AURs for the -- good morning, Patrice. I think it was mentioned that AURs expectation for the full year is to be mid-single digits, which I think implies AURs to be up low-single digits, which then, I dont know, does that imply that unit velocity is now starting to become positive for this year and potentially beyond? And then just quick modeling points, Justin, I think you mentioned that Boxing Day, the 5-point tailwind to 3Q, but I think you also mentioned that the headwind from the U.S. holiday, shorter holiday, and Easter. On those two headwinds, can you maybe for the audience parse out what those are in terms of, like, percentage point headwinds as we kind of model out for the 3Q and 4Q? Thank you very much.
Justin Picicci: Sure. Thanks, Laurent. And Ill do the second first. So in terms of the puts and takes, the compressions and the shifts for the second half that would be the guidance. I would say the holiday shifts and compressions have less than a point of net headwind on our Q3 revenue. On the flip side, were expecting about a 1-point net benefit to our Q4 revenue from these shifts. So still really solid underlying trends in the second half despite some of these puts and takes. On the unit growth question, we do expect moderation from our Q2 AUR growth levels, but still healthy AUR growth in that low-to-mid single-digit range. If you think about Q2, whats really interesting is we drove double-digit comp and double-digit AUR growth. So were not buying share, were taking share. And so when you think about units, we do remain focused on driving unit growth in addition to AUR. In fact, were doing that today in targeted categories, markets, channels. Think Asia, think Europe, think our full-price channels, think our high-growth categories, handbags, sweaters. So as we lean less into like-for-like pricing with inflation cooling and AUR growth moderates, we do expect to see that gap between AUR growth and total unit growth continuing to contract.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Chris Nardone: Great. Good morning.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Nardone: Can you elaborate on your outlook for China for the rest of the fiscal year and confirm whether youve altered your expectations for the back half relative to your initial guidance? And then longer term, is there still significant opportunity to expand your door count in China and if you could talk through how youre balancing and investing in the region today with the current macroclimate?
Patrice Louvet: Yeah. Obviously, China is on many peoples minds these days, Chris. So first of all, we feel very good about the momentum weve had in China. Weve been growing 17 quarters in a row, and through COVID, through the uncertainty on luxury, through pressured consumer sentiment. So we are energized by the near- and long-term growth opportunities in China. Again, up 13% this past quarter and whats driving it is the combination of new customer acquisition, double-digit growth this quarter, solid comp growth across a meaningful store footprint now. Ill get to your question on expansion. New full-price stores. Were excited about a store we just opened in Shenzhen that looks absolutely stunning. Its off to a very strong start. And then also new platforms, right? We are learning about Douyin and learning how to do that well. Actually, our womens Polo designer is in China as we speak with the teams to work through how to best showcase Polo Women to Chinese consumers on that platform. So these drivers are durable growth drivers for the company. The brand is resonating very nicely. The product categories are connecting, as I mentioned earlier on Danas question, really nicely with the Chinese consumer. And our focus key city ecosystem on the top six cities in China I think are motoring quite nicely. So our ambition for China is unchanged. And we -- today China is about 8% of the total company. So still a relatively small share of Polo Ralph Lauren and the potential to be much more important. Specifically, on store opening. So we guided that were going to open about 70 stores in Asia this year, which is consistent -- pretty consistent with what we said in prior years. A number of those stores are in China, but were being very disciplined. And I actually really appreciate the work our teams are doing in that market to be highly selective on where we show up, how it connects to the ecosystem. And the idea is not to just expand for expansions sake and get short-term benefits, but really build the brand for the next five years, the next 10 years, the next 15 years. And we continue to have significant runway in an environment that is volatile and well obviously stay very much in touch with that, but continue to be ambitious about the opportunities for us in China, along with other geographic opportunities in Europe, in the west of North America, really back to our diversified growth driver strategy.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great. And well go with the last question, please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on another great quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, John.
Justin Picicci: Thanks, John.
John Kernan: Patrice, Europe comps up 15%. Its your least penetrated region from a DTC perspective. How are you thinking about both factory stores and full-price stores in Europe? It seems like theres some green shoots here. The comps on top of what you put up last year are obviously really impressive?
Patrice Louvet: So thats a very timely question because I was actually talking to our DTC leader from Europe yesterday in this very space. Were really pleased with the work our teams are doing on the ground in Europe on DTC, both actually brick-and-mortar, and great performance on digital as well. So this is not a one-quarter story. Weve been delivering consistently in Europe, nicely ahead of our expectations for a few quarters now. To your point, were still very underpenetrated. When you benchmark to a number of our competitors, while we have expanded our store presence meaningfully, as we think through the next phase of growth and well talk more about that next year in terms of what the next three years look like, we see significant opportunities for continued store expansion either in key cities where we are already in, where our footprint is limited, right? There are a number of key cities where we only have one store. We have opportunities to do more. In London, I dont know the exact number, but we have between five and ten stores, and theres the opportunity to do more than that. So were feeling good about the key cities that we are in and then there are a number of cities where we actually dont have a footprint that remain significant opportunities for us. So were on track with our Investor Day targets. We said we opened between 40 and 50 full-price stores, either owned or partnered. Were on track with that. We opened in total 44 new stores since fiscal year 2022. Were planning about 20 stores this fiscal year. I think we just opened this past quarter, from what our email leader was telling me recently, 14 stores in the past quarter in Europe. So were on track with the game plan that weve laid out. We have significant growth opportunity. But similar to my comment earlier on China, we are being very selective on where we show up, what we build and how were going to engage with the consumer in the context of the ecosystem that were building in each of the cities. But ambitious and excited about what the future looks like for us in EMEA. Im very grateful for the outstanding work that our teams are doing there across the markets. All right, well, listen, thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter earnings call in February. Until then, on behalf of Ralph, Justin and the rest of our team here at Ralph Lauren, happy holidays and early happy holidays and take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's first quarter fiscal 2025 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Justin Picicci, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, our financial performance will be discussed on a constant-currency adjusted basis. Our reported results, including foreign currency, can be found in this morning's press release. We will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations Web site. With that, I'll turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cori. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We started year-three of our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan with continued momentum, keeping us on track with our fiscal '25 and long-term strategic commitments. Our first quarter performance underscores the power and growing desirability of our iconic brand around the world with key moments that demonstrate our ability to resonate across cultures, geographies, and generations. This, combined with our diversified engines of growth and organizational agility, gives us confidence that our long-term strategy will continue to deliver, even through these dynamic times. First quarter results exceeded our expectations led by international and positive retail comps across all regions with continued momentum across consumer metrics. Performance in our global direct-to-consumer businesses and Europe wholesale more than offset planned softness in North America wholesale. At the same time, we continue to invest in our strategic priorities, including marketing, digital capabilities, and our targeted ecosystem expansion across our top cities. Fueled by our culture of operating discipline and increased efficiencies, these investments will enable us to drive long-term sustainable growth and value creation well beyond our current three-year plan. During the first quarter, we drove continued progress across our three strategic pillars. As a reminder, these include, first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. Second, drive the core and expand for more. And third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Let me take you through a few highlights from the first quarter. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand; from our recent activations in Milan, London, New York, and across China, to our rapidly expanding social media following, Ralph Lauren continues to be at the forefront of culture across geographies and demographics. Key campaigns from the quarter included, first, our women's collection runway show in New York City, this April, where we celebrated the timeless easy elegance that has come to define our brand. The collection also tapped into some of our signature design codes, from western motifs to shimmering liquid gowns, and cozy, rich cashmeres, signaling a confident, quite luxury as Ralph does best. The globally amplified event surpassed our goals, driving 16 billion PR impressions as we were joined by celebrities, including Jodie Turner-Smith, Jessica Chastain, Kerry Washington, Crystal Yuan, Rebecca Hall, and Morgan Spector. Heading into warmer months, we reinforced our position as the ultimate destination for effortless summer icons with our Only Polo campaign. Our teams delivered local activations spanning L.A.'s Sunset Boulevard, Roppongi in Tokyo, SoHo in New York, Miami's Design District, Dubai, and Seoul. The stars aligned in Milan at our Purple Label presentation, this June, where Usher, John Legend, Chris Pine, and Rufus Wainwright, among others, honored our newest collection as part of Men's Fashion Week. During the city's renowned home design fair, Salone del Mobile, we unveiled our first collection with our new licensing partner, and invited the international design community to experience American style in Milan. Our 6/18 activations in China drove high double-digit growth that significantly outpaced our competitive set. Our teams are leveraging these events for longer term brand building with a focus on high-quality sales and new customer acquisition. And finally, we're in the midst of a spectacular summer of sports. We kicked off our 2024 Paris Olympics campaign, unveiling our uniforms as official outfitter of Team U.S.A., a cherished partnership over nine Olympic Games, since 2008. And beyond the quarter, we celebrated our 19th year as official outfitter of the championships at Wimbledon, marrying the traditions of this storied tournament with sophisticated spectator style. These activations are driving strong sustainable growth in new customer acquisition and engagement. In the first quarter, we added 1.3 million new consumers through our DTC businesses, consistent with our long-term expectations and led by higher value and younger cohorts. Our net promoter scores increased globally led by Europe. And our online search grew strong double-digits, outpacing our competitive set. And we grew our social media followers by low teens to last year, surpassing 60 million, let by Instagram, Threads, Line, TikTok, and Douyin. Moving next to our second key initiative, drive the core and expand for more. While many aspire to become true lifestyle brands, Ralph created a brand that has epitomized the aspirational lifestyle for over 50 years. And as we look ahead, Ralph and our design teams will continue to leverage our powerful portfolio of highly recognizable core products with expansion into newer categories to realize our brand's full potential. Starting with our core products, which represent more than 70% of our business, sales were up low single-digits, slightly ahead of our total company growth in the first quarter. Highlights from this spring included our linen styles, from sport shirts to tailored suits, newly re-launched stretch mesh Polos, elevated heavyweight jersey and Polo Bear tees and sweaters. In children's, linen also drove outsized growth, along with seasonal mini cable and flag sweaters, and our expansion within the Big Kids segment. Our high-potential categories, including Women's Apparel, Outerwear, and Handbags, together increased mid single-digits, outpacing our total company growth rate as we continue to drive our strategy of foundational pieces to anchor her modern wardrobe. Top sellers in Women's this quarter included our iconic cable knit sweaters, linen and oxford shirts, Polos, and shirt dresses in easier fits, and our canvas city jacket. Within Handbags, we drove strong growth led by Polo Women's, where continued momentum in our Polo ID collection is driving both revenues on higher AUR, as well as new customer recruitment, as highlighted by Jennifer Lawrence sporting our yellow Polo ID bag this spring. Other exciting releases this quarter included our Wimbledon capsule, featuring tennis-inspired sportswear with sell-throughs up strong double-digits to last year across Men's, Women's, and Kids. And our Summer Olympics collections, including our opening and closing ceremony uniforms and Olympic Village wear, an assortment of Polo sportswear icons retold through the sophisticated lens of Paris. Turing to our third key initiative, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Our key city ecosystems around the world are driving elevation and consistency across all of our consumer channels and touch points. Each of these ecosystems is anchored by direct-to-consumer channels, including our stores and digital commerce sites, where we offer our most elevated consumer experiences and engagement. In the first quarter, we drove solid DTC comp growth while also expanding our connected ecosystems across key markets. Comps were up mid single-digits in both our brick-and-mortar stores and digital channels. Globally, we opened eight new owned and partnered stores, focused on our top cities, largely in Asia. And we recently welcomed consumers back into our newly-renovated Chicago flagship on Michigan Avenue. In addition to our famed RL restaurant, the store now also includes our first Ralph's Coffee shop in the Midwest. With more than 30 coffee shops and five restaurants, we are now engaging with over 3 million consumers annually through our hospitality business, attracting a new generation of consumers to our iconic brand around the world. By region, growth was led by Asia, up another high single-digit this quarter and consistent with our outlook. This was followed by better than expected performance once again in Europe while North America was in line with our plan. Our China momentum continued with sales up low double-digits this quarter over an exceptionally strong compare of up more than 50% last year. While we are watching macro developments and consumer behavior closely, our teams continue to successfully grow our brand desirability with domestic Chinese consumers. In addition, our ecosystem expansion remains disciplined as we largely focus on our six key city clusters. And finally, touching on our enablers, our business continued to be supported by our five key enablers. This quarter featured some incredible moments as we embed citizenship and sustainability in all we do. First, our ground breaking Artist and Residence collaboration with Navajo Designer, Naiomi Glasses recently won the Fast Company Innovation by Design Award in the Fashion and Beauty category. It was also recognized at the Global Fashion Summit in Copenhagen. And we were proud to recently be named one of Forbes Best Employers for Diversity 2024, and on Parity.Org's 2024 ParityLIST, recognizing organizations that support equal advancement opportunities in the workplace. In closing, Ralph and I are encouraged by our team's solid start to this fiscal year as we continue to operate with agility. We are successfully marrying the magic of Ralph's original vision with a data-driven mindset to support and grow our iconic brand across new generation and geographies, shifting our business toward DTC and a more elevated wholesale presence, and leveraging our nimble global supply chain and culture of operational discipline in order to mitigate ongoing disruptions, drive greater long-term efficiency, and better serve our consumers. Entering the important fall holiday season, we remain on offense and in a position of strength to deliver on our strategic commitments. With that, I'll hand it over to our new CFO, Justin, to walk us through the financials. And I'll join him at the end to answer your questions.
Justin Picicci: Thanks, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. It's a privilege for me to step into the CFO role. And I am grateful for the support that Ralph, Patrice, Shin, and the Board have all showed me throughout this transition. I know I speak for the entire Ralph Lauren team when I say we remain firmly committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives, leveraging the power of our timeless brand, and strong momentum around the world. We had a solid start to fiscal '25 with first quarter top and bottom line results ahead of our expectations. This quarter's performance underscores the continued momentum and growing desirability of our brand as well as our multiple drivers of growth, which enabled us to deliver on our commitments even in a highly dynamic global operating environment. Our progress in Q1 also gives us confidence in reiterating the full-year outlook we introduced in May. Let's talk through our financial highlights. Which as a reminder, are provided on a constant currency basis. Total company first quarter revenue growth of 3% exceeded our guidance, led once again by our direct-to-consumer channels and international businesses. Total company retail comps grew 5% with balance growth across our brick-and-mortar and digital channels. Total digital ecosystem sales including our own sites and wholesale digital accounts, increased high single-digits. Total company adjusted gross margin expanded 210 basis points to 70.9%. This strong performance was driven by favorable mix shifts towards our full price and international businesses, AUR growth, and lower cotton costs. AUR increased 6% in the first quarter, in line with our expectations, and on top of a 15% increase last year. Our AUR growth continues to be driven by favorable product, category, channel, and geographic mix, along with reduced discounting, with minimal like-for-like pricing on moderating cost inflation. Adjusted operating expenses grew 4% to 56.1% of sales, up 60 basis points to last year. The increase was entirely driven by the planned timing of marketing investments, which represented 6.7% of sales, up 100 basis points to last year, supporting our New York City Fashion Show, Milan presentations, Polo Spring campaign, and other key activations globally. Excluding marketing, adjusted operating expense rate declined approximately 30 basis points to last year. We continue to expect full-year marketing at approximately 7% of sales. And our adjusted operating margin expanded 140 basis points to 14.8%. Moving to segment performance, and starting with North America, first quarter revenue declined 4%, as continued momentum in retail was more than offset by planned declines in the wholesale channel. In North America retail, first quarter comps grew 1% in line with our expectations and including a negative impact of roughly 120 basis points from Easter shifting into Q4. Brick-and-mortar channel comps were up 3% led by our full price stores while digital comps declined 4%. We remain focused on improving the trajectory of our North America digital business as we move through fiscal '25, notably enhancing site experience and improving availability of top-selling core product. In North America wholesale, revenues decreased 13% as expected, reflecting significantly reduced sales of excess product into the off-price channel and receipt timing shifts previously discussed. Excluding the shifts, our full price sales declined roughly low single-digits, in line with our spring season-to-date sellout trends. Our AUR at wholesale increased modestly, consistent with recent trends, on well-positioned inventories in the channel. Looking ahead, we continue to expect North America wholesale declines to moderate through the remainder of fiscal '25, with sellout more closely aligning to sell-in, maintaining our ability to chase replenishment on stronger performing core product. Our outlook also includes the planned exit of approximately 45 department store doors this fiscal year, as we continue to proactively evaluate and refine our brand presence on a door-by-door basis. Moving to Europe, first quarter revenue increased 7%. This was ahead of our expectations, with both wholesale and retail sales outperforming our plan. All key markets delivered growth in the quarter, with the exception of the U.K., where retail growth was offset by continued softness in wholesale. Performance in Europe was led by retail, with comps up 8% to last year, including own digital commerce up low double-digits. AUR continued to grow strongly on top of last year's double-digit percentage increase driven by our brand elevation, with discount rates down significantly to last year, despite a competitive promotional environment. Europe wholesale increased 5% driven by strong reorder rates, notably at our digital partners following last year's channel reset. We continue to expect Europe wholesale channel growth in the low single-digit range for fiscal '25, with Q3 below the full-year trend due to the planned timing of shipments, as previously discussed. We remain encouraged by our brand's rising consumer perceptions in Europe, as well as our team's strong execution, especially given the ongoing dynamic operating environment across the region. Turning to Asia, revenue increased 9% with growth across all markets. Retail comps were also up 9%, on top of a 13% increase last year with strong growth in both digital and brick-and-mortar stores. China sales increased low double-digits on top of an especially strong reopening compare of up more than 50% last year. While our 618 holiday sales significantly outperformed the market, we continue to experience normalizing consumer trends post pandemic, as reflected in our reaffirmed outlook of low teens China growth this year. Sales in Japan, our largest market in the region, increased high single-digits supported by key marketing campaigns and a rebound in tourist spending which returned to pre-pandemic levels this quarter. Moving to the balance sheet, our strong balance sheet and cash flows continue to be key enablers of our Fortress Foundation, allowing us to make strategic growth investments in our business while returning cash to shareholders. We ended the quarter with $1.8 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. We generated about $245 million in free cash, enabling returns of approximately $225 million in the form of dividends and share repurchases this quarter, even as we continue to make important long-term investments in our brand, technology, and ecosystems. Net inventory decreased 13% to last year, slightly better than our plan. Our inventory levels continue to be well positioned relative to our outlook for each region and heading into the important fall holiday season, with weeks of supply improving versus last year despite incremental shipment delays related to the Red Sea. Looking ahead, our outlook remains based on our best assessment of the current geopolitical backdrop as well as the macroeconomic environment. This includes inflationary pressures and other consumer spending related headwinds, supply chain disruptions, and foreign currency volatility, among other considerations. For fiscal '25, we continue to expect constant currency revenues to increase low single-digits, centering on about 2% to 3%. Our outlook continues to include stronger growth in DTC and caution around the North America wholesale channel where demand is improving but still challenged. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact revenue growth by about 150 basis points driven primarily by Asian FX. Given the structural headwinds we've seen in the Japanese yen over the past few years, we'll be taking select like-for-like price increases in Japan this fiscal year. With regards to this year's revenue cadence, we still expect the first and third quarters to trend below our full-year outlook, largely based on the planned timing of wholesale receipts. The third quarter is also impacted by additional factors specific to this year, notably a shorter holiday selling window between Thanksgiving and Christmas compared to last year and volatility around the U.S. presidential election and potential related impacts on consumer behavior. We continue to expect operating margin to expand about 100 to 120 basis points to a 13.5% to 13.7% range. In constant currency, relative to our fiscal '22 Investor Day base period, this keeps us on track to deliver our 15% operating margin target this year. We still expect gross margin to expand 50 to 100 basis points, driven by favorable mix shift towards our international and full price DTC businesses, continued growth in AUR, more than offsetting headwinds from incremental labor and other non-cotton raw material costs, and favorable cotton costs. We successfully renegotiated our annual freight contracts in the first quarter, encompassing the majority of our ocean freight requirements. Based on this visibility, our outlook continues to include minimal impact from freight in the first-half of fiscal '25, followed by incremental headwinds from higher spot rates, non-cotton material costs, and labor in the second-half of the year, as we called out in May. In addition, we are closely watching the risk of potential additional China tariffs along with the rest of the industry. We are well-positioned following several years of proactive diversification into other supply markets and development of near-shoring capabilities. Currently, China represents a high single-digit percentage of our finished goods coming into the U.S. And for Fiscal '25, foreign currency is expected to negatively impact our gross and operating margins by about 40 basis points. For the second quarter, we expect revenues to be up low to mid single-digits in constant currency centered around 3% to 4%, led by our DTC channels. Wholesale is expected to improve sequentially from Q1 as North America sell-in more closely aligns to sell-out trends. Digital trends in Europe are expected to be pressured by the timing of an end-of-season sales shift into Q1. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenues by approximately 160 basis points. We expect second quarter operating margin to expand approximately 80 to 120 basis points in constant currency, with roughly 110 to 130 basis points of gross margin expansion more than offsetting higher operating expenses due to the timing of key marketing campaigns this quarter, including the Summer Olympics and our September Fashion Show. We still expect marketing investments to grow at a faster rate in the first-half of the year, and decline in the second-half. Excluding marketing, we continue to expect second quarter operating expense to leverage slightly, similar to our Q1 trend. And foreign currency is expected to negatively impact gross margin by roughly 40 basis points and operating margin by 50 basis points in the second quarter. Based on favorable tax credits realized in the first quarter, we now expect our fiscal '25 tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23% for the full-year, while the second quarter is expected to be in the range of 21% to 22%. In closing, Ralph's vision of inspiring the dream of a better life is as relevant today as it was over 50 years ago, resonating with our consumers around the world as well as our teams who proudly and passionately carry this vision forward, and continue to execute with agility and dedication. While we are mindful of ongoing volatility and challenges in the broader operating environment, our business continues to be supported by our powerful iconic brand and our multiple drivers of growth across geographies, categories, and channels. And importantly, we remain committed to delivering on year-three of our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan, while at the same time investing in our strategic priorities to create long-term value for our stakeholders. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys, thanks for taking our questions here, and congrats on the nice quarter. One for Patrice, I guess, with the amount of volatility we're seeing in the marketplace here, especially in this last quarter from some of your peers that are reporting, any thought on why your consumer seems to be holding up relatively better than others in the market and do you think those trends are sustainable as you look ahead? And then I guess just to zero in on Europe for a minute, all the macro data points there, looks pretty cautious. I know you guys have made a big splash at the Olympics, but could you speak to where you're seeing some of the strongest and maybe the weaker trends in D2C comps, and it sounds like wholesale had outsized growth in the digital native retail channel with your largest partner. I'm curious how sustainable you think the wholesale trends are in Europe?
Patrice Louvet: All right, good morning, Michael. Well, thanks for your double-barreled question. Let me start on the first part. Let me start by saying how exciting is the rolling thunder of the marketing activations at Ralph Lauren right now. Just to list a few of the activities that have happened over the past few months, April Fashion Show in New York, presence at Salone del Mobile, and our immense presentation in Milan, Wimbledon, the Summer Olympics obviously going on in Paris right now, then we've got the U.S. Open, then we have our show, then we have an entire program for the holiday season. So, exciting rolling thunder of activities right now, and I think it's really clear based on that, that Ralph Lauren is a powerful player, not just in fashion, but also in culture. And the consumer is responding around the world. Our net promoter scores, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, are up 400 basis points globally. Our online search grew 25% this last quarter, outpacing our entire competitive set. And this was even before the Olympics kicked in. So, of course, we're not immune to broader macro pressures on the consumer. And, listen, we're well aware of the heightened concerns coming into the markets this week. But from a fundamentals perspective, you can see that our core consumer is responding through these activations. And really, if you look at it beyond that, what else is working? Well, first, our lifestyle portfolio of timeless products, bolstered by our core, that really continues to resonate. And consumers are investing in quality, they're investing in authenticity, and at times of uncertainty and volatility, we know consumers will lean into brands they know and trust, and Ralph Lauren is at the very top of that list. Second, our elevated go-to-market strategy across key cities; China and Europe, and I'll come back to your question on Europe, are great examples of where we are running our play and bucking the market trends. And even within North America, which has been a little slower, we're encouraged to see how consistently strong our performance in our Ralph Lauren stores has been. And then third and most importantly, our teams are executing. They're executing consistently, and they're executing with incredible agility. So, you've heard me say this before, but as a company and as a team we remain on offense, operating with agility, and focused on what we can control while, of course, staying in tune with the ongoing volatility in the environment. We have a proven, diversified strategy that we've been executing over the past five to seven years, and we're going to continue to drive our brand desirability, and leverage our multiple drivers of growth to create long-term value. And actually, Justin, as your baptism of fire, why don't you take the Europe question?
Justin Picicci: Fantastic, will do. So, we're encouraged by the consumer demand we see in Europe, and our sales grew quite nicely in Q1. We saw growth in all markets, ex the U.K., and a really strong DTC comp. We also saw the broader environment continue to be very promotional. But we did not participate in those promotions. In fact, we pared back our promotions and saw some really nice quality of sale gains in that market. On the wholesale side, our business increased on the back of really strong re-orders. Especially notable is our digital pure-plays, they really performed nicely in the quarter, and are coming of their second-half last year reset. And then taking a big step back, we do have a little bit of a tailwind from tourism, but domestic demand is really what drives our business in Europe. And we're seeing that really, really perform well. Patrice mentioned the macros, we're not immune to we're watching the U.K., we have their eye on Southern Europe. We know FX turns back into a headwind with the stronger dollar, and we know the Middle East and Red Sea situations persist. But we continue to forecast growth for the region and feel good about that outlook, cautiously optimistic in Europe.
Patrice Louvet: And just to add, I'm really proud of the work our European teams are doing in a volatile context, whether that's how the brand is showing up. And having had the opportunity to see the brand in Paris recently and across European markets, we're showing up in an elevated engaging way. And the quality of execution and the touch points that we have, whether that's in our stores, online or with our whole partners, is absolutely fantastic. So, still cautious on the environment but really excited about the work that our teams are doing there.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Well, good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. Justin, it's nice to see that you maintain the full-year guide, especially in such a volatile environment right now. With Q1 coming in ahead of your outlook, can you talk about why you maintain the full-year guide? Is it just the continuation of broader caution that you called out back in May, or how confident are you that you can still deliver on this plan even if the consumer environment gets tougher from here? And then secondly, from a modeling standpoint, how should we think about North America wholesale for 2Q and the full-year on a year-over-year basis? Thank you.
Justin Picicci: Thanks, Laurent. First off, I just want to say it's great to join Patrice and you all on today's live call. I've already had the good fortune to meet many of you in my former role. And I look forward to spending more time with you in the future. So, Laurent, to your question; yes, we were pleased we're able to maintain our full-year guide on both the top and bottom line, in line with our three-year commitments, and also consistent with our general approach to guidance at this point early in the fiscal, ahead of a all-important holiday season. And coming into the year, we assumed a status quo continuation of recent customer behavior and macro trends. And with today's report, we maintain that view. And that includes caution around the global macro and consumer backdrop, wholesale channel softness in North America, and also some incremental pressures from products costs largely in the second-half of our fiscal year. But taking a step back for a second, we've been building a durable strategy for a number of years. And Ralph's really built the ultimate timeless brand. And we're facing a potentially tougher consumer backdrop. We're going to continue to lean on our brand, our really strong brand that brings with it that clear value proposition that consumers know and trust. We're going to lean on our products. Consumers rely on them for quality and authenticity. We're going to lean on our diversification in both growth drivers and also our flexible supply chain. We're going to lean on our inventories that are well-positioned and we're going to focus on our productivity. And then we have our fortress balance sheet underlying it all, which we know is a key differentiator in the industry. So, looking ahead, this year and beyond, I'd say we feel good about how we're positioned, but we're going to continue to operate with agility and discipline in this environment which is quite dynamic. In terms of the wholesale trending question, we're encouraged by our proven wholesale seasonal sell-out trends in North America over the past few seasons. That said, our outlook remains cautious, in-channel demand still remains relatively soft and down modestly versus last year. In Q1 specifically, our North America wholesale, our revenue was pressured by a few factors. So first, we had some full-price shipment timing shifts that pressured Q1. We also had a pretty meaningful off-price reduction with our clean and well-positioned inventories. If you ex those items, our underlying full-price sell-in for the quarter was pretty in line with our spring seasonal sell-out trends, of that down low single digits. We always knew Q1 was going to be our most challenging quarter, for North America wholesale and for North America in total. And going forward, we do expect for sell-in to more closely align with that current sell-out, that down low single-digit range as we move through fiscal '25, so a stabilization. And this is going to start in the second quarter. And we also continue to keep our inventories really clean in that channel, and well positioned. We want to be able to chase in the demand if and when we see it, especially on the core. And we remain focused on really driving growth where we see the green shoots, right, where our strategy is, top doors, digital, we've had a really solid positive sell-out in Q1, and our upper-tier businesses, all areas where we're seeing traction.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great, thank you. Next question, Angela?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with J.P. Morgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. And congrats on a nice quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So, Patrice, with international outperformance across both Europe and Asia, I guess what inning do you see the brand's elevation strategy today on the international front or any changes in direct-to-consumer momentum that you've seen so far in the second quarter? And then Justin, just could you elaborate on drivers of the embedded SG&A leverage in the back-half of the year, and is the multiyear opportunity still to drive SG&A leverage?
Patrice Louvet: So, thank you, Matt, for that question. I'm not sure that baseball analogies actually works for our elevation strategy because the game is never going to end. So, certainly, where we are in international is where our brand is most elevated. And you go to Shanghai, you go to London, or you go to Munich, you could see the way the brand shows up. And clearly, that's translating into strong performance. We're going to continue to consistently elevate our storytelling, our product offering, and our consumer experience, online and digital. I don't think that IT ever stops for the company. And if you look at the history of what Ralph has built over the past 57 years, I think that's been a through line that's driven all the activities and focus over that time. So, I expect us to continue to drive that. We're continuing to drive AUR, as even where we have the highest AURs in the world, in a market like China, for example, or Japan. And I have to say I'm really excited to see the momentum that we have that is so broad-based, right? Really strong Japan performance this past quarter, China still double digits in an environment that's complicated, Korea doing well, Australia doing well, and our key markets in Europe doing well, as you heard from Justin earlier. So, the elevation journey continues. The key for us as we do this is value perception, all right, is to make sure that as we elevate we're bringing the consumer along, and he and she consistently value -- sees competitive, attractive value in what we have to offer. And I think that underpins our multi-year AUR expansion. You can't just take pricing and assume the consumer will follow you. It's got to be done in the context of broad elevation. Extendedly, I think our priority right now, in addition to fueling that, is how do we drive the same level of elevation in North America? And the starting point was lower because of historical activities that was done many years back in terms of over distribution of the brand and probably over reliance on promotional activity. And so, we are working diligently to get to the same level in North America as we are around the world. And you see that play out in our full price stores here in North America with very strong comps again this quarter. And if you've had a chance to visit our stores around our key cities, you can really see the great work that our teams are doing to engage the consumer to provide a unique experience.
Justin Picicci: So, Matt, on the SG&A outlook, so our fiscal '25 guide implies about 20 bps of SG&A leverage, weighted in the second-half, really due to a couple of factors, a little bit of the wholesale stabilization, but mostly timing of market. So, if you think about our marketing activations this fiscal year, in the first-half, we've got two fashion shows, we have the Olympics, a number of key major moments. Our marketing rates are going to be a bit higher. When you saw it in the first quarter, you'll see it again in the second quarter, a bit higher. And we're leveraging in the first quarter X marketing, we expect that trend to continue as well. But on a total SG&A trend, that marketing rate is going to come down in the second-half of the fiscal year. You're also going to see us start to scale some of the key investments we've been making in the past 12-24 months, including around talent and service and some of our DTC strategic growth investments. When it comes to the multi-year opportunity to drive leverage, I think as we've seen begin this fiscal year, we're expecting a more balanced contribution profitability between our gross profit expansion and our SG&A leverage. And I think we expect that to continue on beyond fiscal '25.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for taking my question. Justin, nice to see the seven-handle on gross margin, what are the remaining opportunities within product margin, do you still have room for higher AURs and lower markdowns? Is there a channel shift that you'll continue to benefit from? I think DTC could push 70% of revenue this year. So, anything to help us unpack, that would be helpful.
Justin Picicci: Sure. So, John, I take a step back and I think about some really strong gross margin expansion, continued strong gross margin expansion in Q1, which continues to drive profitability and really reinforces the durability of our brand elevation strategy. And when we think about the drivers, many of them are durable and are going to continue on, right? So, we think about things like favorable product mix as we elevate our product, right? As we grow our hypo categories. All this is going to be a durable driver. We think about the favorable channel and geographic mix, right? As we shift or continue to expand DTC, you're going to see that benefit. And as we continue to outpace our growth in Asia, you're going to see that benefit in Europe, obviously helping us nicely as well. And then, when you take a step back, AUR, we're going to see AUR continue to grow on the backs of that product and marketing elevation. Less of a like-for-like price increase component as inflation moderates, but you're still going to see that solid, mid-single-digit AUR growth that you've seen this quarter and that we expect this year. And then, we had a couple of years of headwind there. We have seen that start to come through and we expect that to continue to come through as we move through this year, more weighted to the second-half. But then as we get to next year, we'll get the second tranche of that time cost recapture. And that's another sort of durable driver beyond this fiscal year. On the headwind side, I would just call out, this year, freight, we're ex-Red Sea, we feel like we're pretty well-positioned. We did a pretty good job in negotiating our annual contracts, but we do have some uncertainty there, largely in the second-half, depending on which way the spot rates go, and FX continues to be a bit of a drag. But taking a step back, we feel really well-positioned with our durable gross margin drivers in fiscal '25 and beyond.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Are you seeing any signs of increased price sensitivity of your customer, especially in North America, either in your value customer or your more premium customer? And as you head into the holiday season, what strategies are you implementing to engage the value-focused customer while maintaining the quality of sales gains that you've achieved at the brand? Thank you.
Justin Picicci: Thanks for that. So, I guess when I think about the full-price performance, our full-price business is performing really, really well. Our core customer continues to be resilient, and we're seeing really good relative momentum in that business. Our brick-and-mortar comp growth continues to be led by our full-price Ralph Lauren stores. We're seeing strong gross margin expansion with strong quality of sales. We're seeing reductions in the off-price channel, which you saw come through in our wholesale numbers in North America. And our new consumer acquisition is bringing in higher-quality, less price-sensitive, higher-basket consumers. And we feel good about that business. I would say that from a value-oriented perspective, it's a subset of our consumers, smaller parts, still pressured given the current macroeconomics, but we have a playbook that we've established to convert this consumer. It's very tactical. It's targeted, compelling price value, product propositions, personalized communications, and we're seeing that connect. We're not immune to the macros, and we know they're still out there, so we're going to monitor the environment and react accordingly, but we're architecture that we've built up over the past few years to be able to continue to convert that subset of value-oriented consumers. And AUR in Q1, despite being in a really challenging environment, not only increased their total company, but increased across all of our regions. So, really pleased with the continued progress and the proof of concept in our brand elevation strategy.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.
Robert Drbul: Hi. Good morning. Just on the U.S. wholesale, North American wholesale, can you spend some more time just on, like the top 100 stores? I know you're closing some additional ones. Just sort of where do you think you are in the consolidation, of the U.S. wholesale with some of the additional closures that you had this year? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Hey, Bob. Good morning. Well, we've been on a journey of elevating our wholesale presence pretty meaningfully over the past few years in North America. Wholesale has a strategic role to play in our go-to-market model, quality wholesale, really around brand discovery. So, while we are leaning more into DTC, and as that's the majority of our business now, and that share of our total business will continue to expand. We believe in quality wholesale. Key focus areas, indeed, are our top 100 doors, digital, where we're doing particularly well. And then, listen, we continue to prune those doors that we feel do not enable us to showcase the brand in the right way. We, I think, guided that this year we'll be shutting down 45 lower-tier doors this fiscal year. Last year, we shut down 20, right? The impact is going to be relatively minimal in terms of business impact. But I think the way the brand shows up in North America, that'll help us continue to drive the elevation. Going forward, I think if you asked me for a number, we'd say we probably closed 20 doors per season, 40 doors per year for a total of 150 door exits for the future, recognizing that we've shut down thousands of doors over the past few years. So, we've got a good, healthy foundation. We're going to continue to challenge it. And what's encouraging is when we look at recent share performance in those businesses, we're growing share. And while, as you heard from Justin, obviously, that segment, and as you guys, of course, know, that channel continues to be pressured, but we're growing share in that environment. And we're excited about that, and we want to continue to fuel that. And then, in the higher-tier wholesale, actually, we're seeing very strong growth rates. So, we're quite encouraged by that as well.
Justin Picicci: And we continue to see quality of sales increase over the past couple of quarters in that channel, which also gives us a reason to believe that we've got the right growth trajectory in place in that channel.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Patrice, can you talk a little bit more about the high potential categories, women's apparel, outerwear, handbags? I think you mentioned Jennifer Lawrence carrying the Polo ID bag. You mentioned they grew mid-single digits in the quarter, outpaced total company growth. Just talk about the progress you've made over the last 90 days and what your outlook is for the rest of the year for those high-potential categories? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Yes, we're excited about that business, Jay. So, thanks for your question. We're excited about it because we know the market, the total addressable market is quite meaningful across all three, women's apparel, outerwear, and handbags. We're excited because the consumer is telling us that our brand resonates in that space. And we're excited because our teams are building great capabilities in terms of both marketing, product offering, and go-to-market for us to be competitive there. So, if you kind of parse them out, women's apparel was the standout, right, continued momentum, double-digit growth on that business, AUR growth as well. So, we're continuing to elevate market share gain. And really, if you look at the drivers from a product standpoint, it's really foundational strategy and core, right? That's what's driving it, which makes it sustainable, right? This is not driven by fashion items, which may be hot today, but cold tomorrow. These are items that are core, that are timeless, that are authentic. So, think sweaters, think linen and polo shirts. We have very strong focus on iconic shirt dresses this quarter that's really resonating well for women. And if I go back to Matt's baseball analogy earlier, I think it does apply here. Women's were like in the second inning, all right, in terms of taking advantage of that option, because as historically, we've been more of a male-focused company. Outerwear is something we are really pleased with because we've seen strong performance and momentum in that category for many quarters and years now, with so much more to go. So, this season, we saw strength in our lightweight outerwear. I think canvas, city jacket, linen, windbreakers, denim, with outperformance across really every single channel, so, good foundation there. I think the key evolution, Jay, for us in this category is the realization that you need outerwear every single day of the year, not just in the fall or in the winter. And we have great propositions across the portfolio on that. And then, handbags is a category that's really important for us because if you look at the size of the market around the world and how fragmented that market is, it's a major opportunity for us. We are progressively building momentum in this space. The thing I would call out, and I'm glad you noticed Jennifer Lawrence wearing our yellow Polo ID handbag, among others, is the work that's been done on Polo. And what we're seeing is continued success on our foundational collections. Polo ID, different colors, different silhouettes, and you're going to see that continue to evolve. But I think we're really building an IP Bag with the Polo ID and we're seeing that resonate really around the world with great strengths in Asia, but also strong relevance here in the U.S. and across Europe. We're seeing our Lauren business also strengthen as we've elevated that proposition. Better quality design, better styling, better presentation of the product. And then, we've had some exciting innovation on collection with our RL888 bag that we continue to showcase and are seeing a good response to. We listen, we don't guide by category, but I think it's reasonable to assume that our high potential categories will consistently outperform the trend of the Polo company. And if you look at the size of the markets for each of these, we're talking tens of billions of dollars. So, even if we just capture a fraction of those markets that represent significant building blocks, not just for this 3-year phase that we started in September 2022, but really for the longer term potential of the company.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and nice to see the progress. Patrice, as you think about the retail channel and full price versus outlet stores, how is the outlet store performance? What are you seeing there? And on the expansion of full price, you had some smaller footprints too. How are you thinking of the potential? And then just on the benefit of lower cotton prices, how much of a benefit is that to gross margin? How long does that continue and does it help offset any of the supply chain costs? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Dana. I think you're going to get an even better answer from Justin, so I want to turn it over to Justin.
Justin Picicci: Hey, Dana. Thanks for the question. We're pleased with the solid brick-and-mortar comp we put up in Q1, growth across all of our three regions. I would say, Ralph Lauren's full price stores were a standout globally, continued strong performance across all of our regions, including in North America, and driven by traffic. And of course, we get a little bit of a tourism kiss, but again, domestic consumer momentum and also some pretty tough compares. On the outlet side, comps were stable, consistent with recent quarters, with AUR growth and conversion trends also stable. In North America, you did see a little bit of a sequential slowdown just due to the negative Easter timing shift into Q4, with underlying growth consistent with Q4. And our outlook, if you look beyond the quarter, reflects a continuation of those underlying organic trends, with the one call-out being once we get to Q3, we know we have a bit of pressure with the shorter holiday selling window versus the prior year. On cotton, so just kind of quick refresher, we expect about 175 basis points of benefit over the next two years, so, '25 and fiscal '26. We are still on track to recapture our cotton cost as planned in fiscal '25. We expect to recapture about half of the 175 bps this year. And it's going to be back weighted as I mentioned previously towards the second-half of the year, because that's the way it came on to our P&L. The same way it's coming off of our P&L in terms of timing. I mean that is reflected in our gross margin guidance about 50 to 100 basis points. And we did see a modest tailwind in Q1 from that cotton benefit.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Okay. We'll go to the last question, please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Rick Patel of Raymond James.
Rick Patel: Good morning, and congrats on the strong execution and squeezing me in here. I was hoping if you could provide an additional color on the outlook for D2C as we think about digital versus brick-and-mortar? With consumer behavior continuing to evolve, do you see the most opportunities off your brand and capture demand more towards one channel versus the other? And also, how do we think about the shape of growth for D2C this year given some of the work you are doing on North America digital and also activations you have planned for the year?
A  Justin Picicci: Sure. Thanks for the question, Rick. I would say growing our digital business is a key priority for us. I mean it's a focused point of our global elevation strategy. You are seeing nice growth on a global basis in Q1 sort of international leading that growth. And, you are seeing nice growth. And, we expect that sort of balance DTC growth between our stores and our digital network to continue as we move through the year. So, continued momentum coming out of Q1. Our North America, specifically in Q1, our total digital ecosystem sales were up low single digits, right? And that was driven by solid sell-off performance in our digital wholesale channel where we are outpacing both last year and the competitive set and also our new Ralph Lauren Canada site that we launched last fall. Our owned North America digital comps were down a bit in the quarter 4%, off of softer traffic trends. And, we are -- we know we have opportunities here. And, we are focused on improving that growth trajectory this year and beyond. And, we put in place a number of interventions to get us there. We made talent investments in digital commerce and consumer technology, really geared towards enhancing that consumer experience. We are investing in site, speed. We are curating our offering, really focusing on more core and top selling products, making sure they are available and not out of stock. We are refining our personalized communications to customers to drive traffic and conversion, and full price new customer acquisition. And we continue to build and scale on the investments that we made and will continue to make like around search platform and the Canada site that I recently mentioned. We know we can win this space. We have seen what we can do and what we are doing in Europe and in Asia. We are going to leverage on those learnings as well. And based on that and the interventions put into place, we do expect our North America owned digital performance to improve going forward, notably in the second-half of this fiscal year.
Patrice Louvet: Good. Well, listen, thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter earnings call in November. And until then, take care, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-05-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2024 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, our financial performance will be discussed on a constant-currency adjusted basis. Our reported results, including foreign currency, can be found in this morning's press release. We will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Defined disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cori. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. As we close out year two of our next great chapter Accelerate Plan, we are proud to have delivered strong progress once again on our core strategic and financial commitments. Supported by the incredible dedication and agility of our teams, this year's performance underscores, both the strength and resilience of our multi-levered plan. In particular, we drove progress on, first, clearly increasing the desirability of our timeless brand, which is resonating with consumers of all ages and enabling continued pricing power in the market. Second, leveraging the breadth and authenticity of our lifestyle portfolio of products. And third, continuing on our long-term strategic pivot toward direct-to-consumer channels, which now represent about two-thirds of our total business compared to 55% when I joined the Company. This is where we can drive the best expression of our brand and own customer engagement while reducing our exposure to wholesale. All of this is underpinned by our key enablers and culture of operating discipline. These are key differentiators behind our consistent execution, which enable us to fuel our strategic growth initiatives for the long term. We closed out fiscal year '24 with solid fourth-quarter performance, including top line growth and operating margin expansion that exceeded our expectations. For the full year, we delivered 3% top line growth with 40 basis points of operating margin expansion, driving more than 20% adjusted EPS growth. Results were at the high end of the targets we laid out last May, even with unexpected macro headwinds across several of our key markets throughout the year. This year's performance also puts us firmly on track with our long-term financial commitments and demonstrates continued progress across our three strategic pillars. As a reminder, these include, first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand, second, drive the core and expand for more, and third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Let me take you through a few highlights from the fourth quarter and year. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. Ralph Lauren is at the intersection of culture, spanning fashion, celebrity, sports, gaming, and music moments as we expand across geographies and demographics. And our team put our brand at the forefront of the conversation this year. From our iconic runway shows in New York City and Milan, the Singles Day activations in China, Fortnite gaming partnerships, and Taylor Swift on the cover of Time. This strong momentum continued through the fourth quarter. Key campaigns included, first, our sponsorship of the Australian Open Tennis Championship in January, which was officially the world's most-attended Grand Slam of all times. Now in our fourth year, the tournament is quickly becoming one of the most iconic events of our sports calendar across social media, our on-court uniforms and off-court spectator style. Our brand was featured on more than 700 celebrities and friends of the brand, including Korean pop sensation Crystal Young, Elle Macpherson, and comedian Celeste Barber. This enabled us to significantly extend our brand reach with over 400 million social media impressions globally. In March, we released the second capsule of our groundbreaking Polo Ralph Lauren Artist and Residence campaign, focused on empowering and celebrating artisans within the communities that have historically inspired our designs. Together, the first two capsules featuring Navajo designer Naiomi Glasses generated more than 6 billion PR impressions, and the collaboration represented our second-highest online search trend of the year. Our Lunar New Year activations across social platforms like Douyin and WeChat also generated another successful holiday event with high single-digit sales growth significantly outpacing peers and double-digit growth in new customers in China. In the world of gaming, we want to congratulate Ralph Lauren-sponsored e-sports team T1 for winning the League of Legends World Championship this year. T1 became the most winning team in gaming history and drove important visibility for our brand as we continue to recruit new younger consumers through exciting digital platforms. We also outfitted iconic celebrities, including Beyonce on her new Cowboy Carter album tour, and Reba McEntire at the Super Bowl. Both were radiant in Western-inspired ensembles, one of Ralph Lauren's signature design coats. And beyond the quarter, we continue to drive excitement across the worlds of fashion and sports, including our Intimate Fall 24 Women's Collection fashion show here in New York City a few weeks ago, and the upcoming Olympic Games in Paris, where we are once again the official outfitter of Team USA, a cherished partnership since 2008. These activations are driving strong sustainable growth in new customer acquisition and engagement. In fiscal '24, we added over 5 million new consumers to our DTC businesses, consistent with our long-term expectations. Our brand consideration, purchase intent, and especially our net promoter scores all increased to last year, led by next-generation under 35 consumers and women. And we grew our followers on social media by low-double digits to last year to over 58 million, led by Instagram, Line, Douyin and TikTok. Ralph pioneered a company of firsts from our earliest forays into fashion-sponsored sports partnerships to our popular coffee shops and restaurants that drive viral social media engagement. And our teams will continue to drive brand heat and elevation by leading on next-gen platforms and leveraging our powerful new data science models to drive lifetime consumer value. Moving next to our second key initiative, Drive the Core and Expand for More. As the market continues to demonstrate, consumers are turning to brands they know and trust and styles that live beyond one season. In addition to our powerful brand, Ralph Lauren has one of the most authentic, recognizable and broad-based portfolios of lifestyle offerings in the world, one that resonates across our diverse customer base and sets us apart from other brands. And Ralph and our design teams continue to create and reimagine beautiful styles that capture the modern consumer's changing lifestyle through our unique lens while also embodying the quality, craftsmanship, and sophistication that have come to define our brand. Our core products, which now represent more than 70% of our business, grew low-single digits in the fourth quarter and high-single digits for the full year ahead of total Company growth. Performance in core was led by our cable knit, cool neck and polo bear sweaters, transitional outerwear, iconic mesh polos, linen shirts and shirt jackets, and sophisticated casual sports coats. Our Polo player chino caps as seen on Kendall Jenner and Jennifer Lawrence are also resonating strongly with existing customers while attracting new next-gen customers as a trend-right entry point to the brand. As we continue to build on the long-term foundation of our core, we also delivered strong growth in our high-potential categories, including women's, outerwear and home. Together, these categories increased mid-single digits in the fourth quarter and high-single digits for the full year. This strong performance was driven by both outerwear and women's. Women's now comprises about 29% of total Company sales, up 100 basis points to last year and still represents our most significant long-term growth opportunity. Top sellers in women's this quarter included our iconic cable knit and polar bear sweaters, linen and seasonless chambray shirts, cable knit polos, lightweight outerwear, and short dresses. In addition, this fiscal year, we moved our directly-operated furniture business to a highly experienced licensed partner with proven success in luxury furniture design, production and distribution. While we still see significant long-term growth opportunities for the category, this move will enable us to better serve our home customers and expand the category with elevated products and white glove service consistent with our brand. With the transition now complete, this will enable us to put even more emphasis on handbags, a directly operated business as our third high-potential category. Other exciting releases this quarter included the successful launch of our newest fragrance, Polo 67, with a global campaign featuring New York Yankees captain Aaron Judge, and our Lunar New Year, Year of the Dragon capsule, celebrating prosperity and opportunity with both strong AUR and sell-through rates. Looking ahead, we will continue to drive our core icons, while leveraging the breadth of our brand and assortments to fuel excitement and desirability. Turning to our third key initiative, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Our key city ecosystems around the world are driving elevation and consistency across all of our consumer channels and touchpoints. Each of these ecosystems is anchored by direct-to-consumer channels, including our stores and digital commerce sites, where we offer our most elevated consumer experiences and engagement. During the year, we drove strong DTC comp growth while also expanding our connected ecosystems across key markets. Comps were up mid-single digits in both our brick-and-mortar stores and digital channels. Globally, we opened a total of 78 new stores and concessions focused on our top cities with the majority in Asia. This includes several iconic Ralph Lauren stores over the past year, notably new stores in Amsterdam, Singapore, Prague, and Charlotte; our first TCD ecosystem in Canada, including our first Toronto store and the launch of our Canadian digital flagship, and our first Ralph's Coffee shops in Paris and Dubai. And we continue to develop and test new concepts, including our latest opening, a new women's polo store on Cat Street in Tokyo, which sits at the epicenter of Tokyo's street fashion culture with more to come. By region, growth was led by Asia, consistent with our long-term plan, followed by a better-than-expected performance in Europe and North America. China was once again a standout with sales up low-double-digits this quarter over a more normalized post-COVID compare, and up 30% for the full year. Our China business has more than doubled versus pre-pandemic levels, now representing 7% of total Company sales with significant growth opportunities still to come. Our expansion remains disciplined as we largely focused on our key city clusters, supported by highly dynamic local marketing and digitally led ecosystem expansion to recruit new customers to the brand and elevated assortment of high-quality icons that align particularly well with the old money or quiet luxury aesthetic and the strong continued execution of our local teams. And finally, touching on our enablers. Our business continued to be supported by our five key enablers. I'll share a few highlights from the quarter and year. First, as part of our focus on delivering best-in-class digital technology and analytics. Over the past several years, we have embedded a culture of operating discipline, including more rigorous inventory management. To further support this, we started testing our sophisticated predictive buying model in Asia and Europe stores this year. This AI-driven model enables better in-stock availability on sizing and best-selling products to drive incremental sales and improve conversion. Based on the pilot's early success, we plan to continue scaling its use to around 25% of our international DTC businesses in fiscal '25. And as we continue to embed citizenship and sustainability in everything we do, we were proud of the recognitions we received this year, in particular, being named one of Forbes World's Best Employers in 2023, a top-rated ESG performer by Sustainalytics, and the Best Company for Women to Advance by parity.org for the fourth consecutive year. In closing, Ralph's unwavering vision of authenticity and timeless style is resonating around the world, transcending fashion trends and generations. From the easy elegance of our runways to the incredible energy and thrill of sports partnerships, Ralph Lauren continues to define a luxury lifestyle that is uniquely our own. This year's performance keeps us firmly on the offense, delivering across our multiple drivers of growth with a plan that is not dependent on any single channel, geography, or category. All of this is supported by the dedication, passion, and agility of our teams who are executing with excellence to bring our brand to life through our dynamic campaigns and consumer experiences in stores and online. And as we look to fiscal '25, we will continue to drive this brand momentum and consistently execute on our plan, all while investing in our key strategic priorities to deliver long-term sustainable growth and value-creation. And before I hand it off to Jane to discuss our financial results, you will have seen from this morning's press release that we named Justin Picicci, our new Chief Financial Officer. Jane will continue in the role of Chief Operating Officer through fiscal '25, while ensuring a seamless CFO transition. Ralph and I are incredibly grateful for her leadership and impact in the CFO position, helping to guide our Company through significant transformation over the past seven years. And we look forward to continue partnering with Jane as COO. And we're excited to welcome Justin, who steps into the CFO role effective today, and will join us on our next earnings call. With nearly 20 years at the Company, Justin is an experienced leader who has worked closely with Jane and me, and successfully served in a range of senior finance roles at Ralph Lauren around the world. Ralph, the Board, Jane, and I have the utmost confidence in our ability to deliver together continued strong growth and value creation, building on the foundations we've established. With that, I'll hand it over to Jane, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal '24 was an important year for Ralph Lauren. Our teams executed exceptionally well in what continues to be an uncertain broader operating environment. We delivered on the financial and strategic commitments we laid out over a year ago. We continued to elevate our consumer experiences, products, and storytelling, driving both our continued shift towards higher-value consumers and 28 consecutive quarters of AUR growth. And our timeless brand brought truly iconic moments that only Ralph can deliver to our consumers around the world. We achieved all of this while continuing to drive greater efficiencies and invest in our long-term strategic priorities to enable future sustainable growth. In addition, we returned approximately $600 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases this fiscal year, on track with our Investor Day commitment to return approximately $2 billion through fiscal '25. And this morning, we announced a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend for fiscal '25. Let me take you through our financial highlights, which as a reminder are provided on a constant-currency basis. Total Company fourth quarter revenue growth of 3% exceeded our expectations, driven by continued strength in DTC and better-than-expected sequential improvement in wholesale. This year's earlier Easter contributed around 50 basis points to Q4 results as planned, but will negatively impact next quarter. By region, Asia once again led our performance with sales increasing high-single-digits. North America grew 2%, and Europe was up slightly, both ahead of our expectations. Total Company comp increased 6%, led by strong performance across brick-and-mortar channels. Total digital ecosystem sales, including owned sites and wholesale digital accounts grew mid-single digits supported by strong results in our owned and pure-play sites in Europe. Total Company adjusted gross margin expanded 510 basis points in the quarter and 210 basis points for the full year. This was significantly above our outlook driven by low double-digit AUR growth, lower freight expense, and favorable channel and geographic mix for both the quarter and the year. Fourth quarter promotions were lower in all three regions, helped by lower end-of-season inventories following our strong holiday sell-throughs. Cotton costs had a neutral impact on fourth quarter gross margin. As previously indicated, cotton will ramp into a tailwind in fiscal '25 and '26 after two years of cost pressures. We still expect healthy AUR gains this year, driven by our growing brand desirability, ongoing product mix elevation, and favorable geographic and channel mix. However, we expect AUR growth to rely less on like-for-like pricing as cotton costs moderate. Adjusted operating expenses grew 5% to 57.9% of sales, up 90 basis points to last year. The increase was primarily driven by investments in talent and marketing. Marketing was 7% of sales, up from 6% last year to support key brand moments, delivering continued momentum in our brand health metrics, notably our net promoter scores. Full-year marketing was also 7% of sales, in line with our annual guidance. Adjusted operating margin expanded 410 basis points for the quarter and 40 basis points for the full year. Moving on to segment performance, starting with North America. Fourth quarter revenue grew 2% to last year as stronger growth in retail more than offset a 2% decline in wholesale. In North America retail, fourth quarter comps increased 3% led by mid-single-digit comp growth in our brick-and-mortar stores. Key actions we took in the first half of the year continued to benefit our outlet performance, including improved staffing, selling environments and product presentation. Our outlet AUR increased double-digits with lower discount rates to last year. In our digital channel, comp trends were softer, but AUR increased as expected following a stronger Q3 holiday period. In North America wholesale, revenues declined 2%, a significant improvement from the first three quarters of the year. Our sell-out also improved sequentially, down low-single digits, aligning more closely to sell-in this quarter, while AUR in the channel increased to last year. We continue to manage our wholesale business carefully into fiscal '25, given broader channel headwinds, including regular assessment of our brand presence on a door-by-door basis. We are planning for North America wholesale declines to moderate from fiscal '24 levels with Q1 and Q3 trending below our full-year expectations based on timing of wholesale shipments. Moving on to Europe. Fourth quarter revenue increased slightly ahead of our expectations. Results included about 3 points of negative impact from the timing of wholesale deliveries, including rerouting of shipments from the Red Sea. Performance was driven by retail comps up 12% on top of the strong 8% compared last year with double-digit growth in both our brick-and-mortar stores and digital sites. While the competitive environment remained highly promotional, our elevated brand positioning and growing brand desirability delivered double-digit AUR growth with further reductions in discount rates. Europe wholesale declined 8% to last year, including about 5 points of headwinds from a shift in timing of wholesale deliveries, as well as lower off-price sales due to cleaner inventories coming out of the holiday. Similar to Q3, we drove strong growth in wholesale reorders, particularly due to restocking at our largest pure-play account. For the full year, Europe wholesale declined low-single digits. Looking to fiscal '25, we expect underlying growth in the channel to improve to a more normalized low single-digit levels with some continued quarterly choppiness from the timing of shipments. While our Europe business performed better than expected through the year and sell-out trends are encouraging, we remain cautious into fiscal '25, given highly dynamic geopolitical and macro conditions in the region. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 7% with growth across all markets. Asia retail comps were up 6% with strong growth in both digital and brick-and-mortar stores. China sales increased low double digits on top of an unusually strong reopening compare of 40% last year, including another successful Lunar New Year event. All of our other key markets, Japan, Korea, and Australia also grew during the fourth quarter and full year on top of strong compares. Moving to the balance sheet. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow continue to be key enablers of our fortress foundation. They allow us to make strategic growth investments in our business while returning cash to shareholders. We generated exceptionally strong cash flow in fiscal '24 with more than $900 million in free cash flow, exceeding our pre-pandemic levels. We ended the year with $1.8 billion in cash and short-term investments, and $1.1 billion in total debt. Net inventory was healthy, 14% lower than last year, and well below our revenue trends. The reduction was better than our plan following stronger-than-expected sell-through rates over the holiday. As we enter fiscal '25, inventory levels are well-positioned relative to our outlook for each region. Looking ahead, our outlook remains based on our best assessment of the current geopolitical backdrop, as well as the macroeconomic environment. This includes inflationary pressures and other consumer spending-related headwinds, potential supply-chain disruptions, and foreign currency volatility among others. For fiscal '25, we expect constant-currency revenues to increase low-single digits, centering on about 2% to 3%. Our outlook continues to include stronger growth in DTC versus caution around the wholesale channel, where demand is improving but still challenged. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by about 90 basis points, driven primarily by Asian FX. Asia is still expected to lead our growth, up high-single digits, and on track with our targeted three-year algorithm. This is followed by Europe up approximately low-single digits and North America up slightly. Q1 and Q3 revenues are expected to trend below our full-year growth outlook based on planned timing of wholesale receipts in both quarters and lower Q1 excess sales in North America and Europe. We expect operating margin to expand about 100 basis points to 120 basis points to 13.5% to 13.7%. In constant currency, relative to our fiscal '22 Investor Day base period, we are on track to deliver our 15% target this year. We expect gross margin to expand 50 basis points to 100 basis points, driven by favorable cotton costs improving as we move through the year, further mix-shift towards international and DTC, and continued growth in AUR, more than offsetting headwinds from incremental labor costs. The Red Sea disruption is currently expected to be a modest headwind on top of an otherwise neutral freight environment. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact fiscal '25 gross and operating margins by about 30 basis points. For the first quarter, we expect revenues to be up slightly in constant currency with stronger trends in retail offsetting timing headwinds in wholesale. This includes about 50 basis points of negative impact from the Easter shift. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenues by roughly 160 basis points. We expect first quarter operating margin to expand approximately 60 basis points to 80 basis points in constant currency with roughly 140 basis points to 180 basis points of gross margin expansion more than offsetting higher operating expenses, which are weighted toward the first quarter due to the timing of marketing activations, notably the fashion show. Foreign currency is expected to have roughly 40 basis points of negative impact on both gross and operating margin in the first quarter. We expect our tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 24% for the full year and roughly 24% to 25% for the first quarter. Capital expenditures are expected in the range of $300 million to $325 million, in line with our long-term outlook of 4% to 5% of sales. This includes preliminary investments around our upcoming multiyear systems implementations, which include consolidation into a single global ERP, integrated business planning tools, and enhanced logistics automation. These initiatives will enable a fundamental transformation in our end-to-end processes as we become a more global DTC-oriented company, and greater efficiencies across demand planning, inventory buying, allocations and more. We currently anticipate about half of the project will be capitalized with annual CapEx remaining well within our long-term guidance range. And we expect to exclude the non-capitalized portion of the project spend from our adjusted earnings outlook, given the significant and unique nature of this large-scale multiyear transformation project. We will provide additional details as we finalize our plans in fiscal '25. In closing, through this second year of our next great chapter accelerate plan, our teams continue to execute with excellence and are truly embodying Ralph's vision of inspiring people to step into the dream of a better life. And as we continue to navigate and uncertain global environment, we remain laser-focused on our strategic priorities, our commitments, and driving what we can control. For the past seven years, it has been a privilege to be a part of Ralph's enduring and timeless vision, and Patrice's transformational leadership. I am immensely proud of what the team has accomplished over this time, including delivering on our commitments consistently and steadfastly, creating a culture of agility and operational excellence, and establishing a significantly more elevated brand and a profitable foundation for growth. And with these strong foundations in place, I am excited to have Justin step into the role of CFO. Justin is an accomplished leader with a track record of success over his long tenure at Ralph Lauren. And I have every confidence Justin and our talented team will continue to elevate our iconic brand, build our foundations, and drive continued value-creation. As this is my last earnings call in the CFO role, I want to thank all of you in the financial community for your support, your engagement, and for challenging us to consistently be better. And with that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you. First, Jane, I just want to say congratulations and thank you for all the great things you've done at Ralph Lauren at your time there and continued success as you transition to the COO role. I have two questions. First for Patrice.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Jay.
Jay Sole: You delivered on your fiscal '24 -- thank you, Jane. You delivered on your fiscal '24 targets and your guidance is calling for continued top line growth and operating margin expansion for fiscal '25, which will land you at your three-year targets. But the global environment still seems tough out there with competitors calling out challenges in Europe and China. Can you talk about what you are seeing in the business that will enable this continued momentum? And then secondly, just on the guidance for this year, how are you thinking about direct-consumer channel growth versus wholesale channel growth? Thank you so much.
Jane Nielsen: Jay?
Jay Sole: Hello? Can you still hear me?
Jane Nielsen: Sorry. Can you repeat the follow-up question?
Jay Sole: Yeah, sure. The second question is, can you talk about how you're thinking about DTC channel growth for fiscal '25 versus wholesale channel growth? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Well, good morning. So just on your first question and then Jane will cover your second question. Fiscal '24 was a strong proof point that our strategy continues to deliver, even with the continued macro and channel headwinds out there. And we were really encouraged that we were able to deliver at the high end of what we guided at the start of the fiscal year. And that we reinforced that we're on track with our three-year targets, both on the top and the bottom line, including our 15% operating margin constant-currency goal. Overall, I would say that the key areas of strength that we saw over the past fiscal year are what we expect to meet again in fiscal '25. Our strategy is working and we're going to continue to execute on the key tenants of it. So first, I'd say we're driving continued momentum in our brand elevation and brand heat. And you saw -- you heard in the script some of the key data that supports that with a lifestyle product offering that is really connecting with consumers around the world, whether that's in Shanghai, LA, or Paris. The Australian Open is actually, a really good example of a franchise that we've built in just a few short years, and our outsized growth in net promoter scores is an important indicator of our brand desirability and the strength of our business. And next up, we have Wimbledon, gaming championships, the Olympics, the US Open still to come this summer. So a lot of brand events that will help us continue to drive this brand [deep] (ph) and desirability around the world. Second is our pivot to DTC, and our pivot to DTC continues, right? You saw the strong performance this past quarter on comps for DTC, and in fiscal year '25, we expect DTC to lead growth again with healthy increases across both brick-and-mortar and digital channels following the in-store interventions we made over the last year and our online storytelling. And third, we're leaning into our multiple drivers of growth also from a regional standpoint. So Asia continues to scale up nicely with company-leading revenue growth and margins that are now strongly accretive to the total company. So like in fiscal '24, we expect positive growth across every market in Asia this coming year, led by China. And Europe has also outperformed our expectations despite all the macro headlines ranging from challenging consumer sentiment to high inflation. This speaks to our brand's strong and elevated positioning across the region and momentum across channels in the market, where we delivered the highest AUR growth last year. So we're obviously, not immune to market challenges. However, we talk a lot about agility in this Company, as well as our diversified drivers of growth. And this is serving us well as we focus on consistency of strong execution on top of all the moving parts. And then on guidance, I'll turn it over to you, Jane.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Jay, we continue to be optimistic and confident about our DTC growth. While we're still cautious about the macros, we're expecting our DTC growth to be in the range of we -- where we landed for this year in about a mid-single-digit growth range, and then we are expecting wholesale business in North America to be about better aligned to where we saw our sell-out in North America, which was down low to mid-single digits to be that second-half trend will continue through the full-year in North America. That's our call right now as we think about where we'll be. And then EMEA, you know, there is -- there's been some quarterly volatility. We expect there to be some quarterly volatility as we come into this next year, especially as we look at Q1 and Q3 due to shipment timing, but in general, we're looking for growth in European wholesale in that low single-digit range.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great. Next question please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. And, Jane, congratulations and continued best wishes at Ralph Lauren and after. And can we dig a little deeper into your outlook for North America this year? Outside of wholesale, which was still guided down, but moderating from the declines of the past year, how do you think about the rest of the business and margin opportunities? And can you reach your total operating margin target of 15% if the wholesale channel remains weaker? Then I have a quick follow-up.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thank you, Dana. And let me start where you left off and just say that we are on track to achieve our 15% constant-currency target this year even with some modest declines from North America wholesale, and importantly, we expect all three regions to contribute to margin expansion. So we feel really good about the geographic diversity of our margin expansion this year. Let me just take a step back and take a high-level view on your question on North America and particularly North America wholesale. It now represents about -- North America wholesale now represents a meaningfully smaller percentage of our business, down from -- it's now about 16% of our business down from about 25% of our business previously. So the impact as we shifted to DTC has reduced meaningfully. And similarly to the broader company, we're really encouraged by our performance in the DTC channel, and that carries through to North America in this coming year. We expect DTC to continue to lead North America growth with healthy comps across our stores and digital, plus a handful of new store openings in North America. And on the wholesale side, while we still expect declines in North America, as I mentioned, we expect a meaningful improvement from where we landed this year at about 10%. We expect, as I said to be much more aligned to where we saw sell-out in the second half or in that down low-to-mid single-digit range, and we feel good about how our inventories are positioned in the channels. And we also are encouraged by the investments that we're making in wholesale. We continue to invest in the top 100 doors there and I feel good about our partnerships across that channel. On the gross margin side, we are expecting benefits from cotton costs and less channel mix pressure from wholesale, and that's expected to drive North America operating margin as we move into fiscal '25.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: And your quick follow-up, Dana?
Patrice Louvet: You have a follow-up. Yeah.
Dana Telsey: Yeah. The follow-up on AUR, which has been so strong in the past few years, how are you thinking of the progression this year? And I think the target has been around mid-single digits that you stated. How should we be thinking about AUR growth going forward?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Dana. We're really proud of our AUR growth over the last 28 quarters. It's been grounded in brand elevation and it's been based on multiple factors that have driven AUR over the last years. And what we're confident about is that we can continue to drive AUR growth. We're going to drive it through brand mix, channel mix and geographic mix. Those things are durable and stable into the coming year. And we're going to have some pressure release for not having to take the -- so much like-for-like pricing because of the cotton benefits and productivity benefits that we see coming into this year. So as we look forward, we expect our AUR to be in the mid-single-digit range. And of course, there may be some variability by quarter. Any good plan has alternate strategies that we can execute at any given time, and we'll do that as we see the market evolve. But our outlook now and our guidance is grounded on that mid-single-digit range.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks, and congrats on your next chapter, Jane.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Matthew Boss: So, Patrice, given your multi-year elevation effort, where do you see the brand positioned today, maybe versus your ultimate goal in both the US and Europe? And coming off the mid-single-digit global DTC comps, could you just elaborate on new customer acquisition trends that you're seeing? And then, Jane, just on SG&A, help us to think about SG&A relative to revenue growth moving forward.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Matt. So first, I would say we feel really good about the progress we're making on the brand positioning and the brand elevation, right? And our core strategy continues to be, as Jane -- as she just mentioned, brand elevation because there's significant runway ahead for us around the world. What we are seeing in the consumer perception data is very encouraging, very strong brand consideration, score improvement, very strong, purchase intent strengthening, and net promoter scores that are building quarter-on-quarter. So feel very good about that. And I think, Matt, you know this business very well. What's pretty unique about us is the breadth of our portfolio and the breadth of our appeal, right, because we appeal to eight-year-olds and we appeal to two-month olds. We have this broad range of products. And I think our brand positioning at this point in time in particular with the core values of authenticity, timelessness, style, quality are really resonating around the world. The elevation is never going to stop. So you can expect us to continue to fuel that through our storytelling, through our product offering, and through the consumer experience that we offer, both online and in brick-and-mortar stores. In terms of new consumer recruiting, which is part of our lifeblood, right, we often talk about the fact that the key drivers of top line growth for us are going to be bringing in new consumers, select unit growth, and AUR growth as Jane just talked about. Another strong quarter of new consumer recruiting around the world, over 1 million for this quarter, 5.3 million for the full fiscal year, close to 60 million social media followers now, up double-digits. We -- our new consumer recruiting machine across our different DTC channels is working well. This is DTC data. Fortunately, we don't have wholesale data, but it's working well and we're going to continue to lean into that, leveraging the breadth of our marketing programs that range from the sports partnerships that we have with the Olympics coming up to celebrity dressing to different activations that we have in the gaming space and so on and so forth. So I'm very encouraged by the overall momentum that we're seeing on the brand by the breadth of the appeal, and one of that -- I think the major pivots that we've been able to achieve over the past few years is this appeal to that younger generation, making the brand hot again for that younger generation in every markets around the world, and we're going to continue to fuel that.
Jane Nielsen: And then, Matt, just on the second part of your question on SG&A leverage. Our fiscal '25 guidance implies about 30 basis points of SG&A leverage on our about 3% constant-currency top line. That we expect will be pretty consistent as we look at the second, third and fourth quarters in the first quarter, driven by the fashion show. We do expect a little deleverage, but entirely driven by marketing. And so you'll start to see our SG&A growth be behind our revenue growth in -- following Q1.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our question here. Jane, let me add my congrats. Thanks for all the help here over the years. I guess as we look at the AUR elevation strategy over a couple of years, I think the first parts of that strategy were in the DTC channel. I think you started working more recently on AURs in the wholesale channel. When you look at North America, in particular, given the guidance that you just gave us, how do we think about AUR versus units in that channel? I think you've been -- I think you're targeting trying to get units to a place of stability for a long time. I don't think it's probably stable or positive in the guidance you gave us. I'm just curious how you think about that this year and longer term. And then on North America, I guess the DTC growth, you gave us a number this year. I think you said mid-single digits for the year. Maybe this year and then longer term also how can we think about how much of that growth comes from the full-price channel compared to channels like the outlets? I know you've made a lot of progress changing what the shopping experience is in the outlets, but I think historically, that's been a little bit more of a price-constrained channel. So I'm curious how you see the portfolio evolving. Is more of the growth still going to come from the outlet channel, and how you balance that with what you want to do with AURs across the DTC business?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks, Michael. One of the things as I step back from your question, we believe our brand elevation, our pivot to ecosystems and our pivot to DTC is going to continue to drive AUR growth into the future. So stepping back from that, in wholesale, we've always said that wholesale, especially in North America, is a few clicks behind what we've seen in DTC. I mean, we started this journey even pre-COVID saying we're going to lead with our DTC channels followed by wholesale. And we're very encouraged by what we've seen. In FY '23, we saw AUR -- strong AUR across wholesale in North America and in Europe. And that continued into FY '24, although as we closed out the year at a more moderate pace. We saw wholesale AUR growth in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter. And so we expect that to continue through FY '25. That will have some pressure on units, but we feel good about where the product mix is going in wholesale, our focus on those top 100 doors, and our ability to elevate that experience and elevate our product offerings in wholesale. We feel it's a strategy that's working. And you can see that in our guide coming into '25 where we expect a meaningful uptick, although not too positive in North America wholesale. And then just on DTC, what we've seen over the past two years is that our full-price stores have led our growth. What's encouraging to us with some of the investments that we've made in our outlet stores is that gap is narrowing. That's a positive thing because it means our outlet growth has accelerated. That's a dynamic that we're happy with and the dynamics that we expect to continue into FY '25. We expect that gap to be narrowed, but not based on a slowing, but based on better trends in outlet.
Patrice Louvet: And I would also add, Michael, that we expect to continue to expand our full-price store footprint in the US so that will be an additional accelerator for the full-price business, which will continue to lead our overall DTC brick-and-mortar, whereas we do not expect to expand our outlet footprint.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Michael Binetti: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Ashley Helgans with Jefferies.
Ashley Helgans: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking our question. So we just wanted to ask about gross margins with the first quarter up kind of in the 140 bps to 180 bps range, for the rest of the year, 50 bps to 100 bps. If you could just kind of give us the puts and takes? And then any update you can give us on traction you're seeing with younger consumers that'd be great. Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: I'm sorry. Ashley, could you just repeat the last part of your question? I got the gross margin puts and takes.
Ashley Helgans: Yeah. Just any sort of traction that you can talk about that you're seeing with the younger consumers.
Jane Nielsen: Just in terms of gross margin drivers, we were very pleased with our gross margin expansion in Q4 up 510 basis points in constant currency. That was really driven by a few things. One, strong AUR growth. And what drove that AUR growth was a favorable channel mix, favorable geographic mix, product mix, and a significant pullback in discount. As we came into the fourth quarter, we were super tight on inventory and had much less going into clearance or in off-price channels. We also saw from a gross margin standpoint after AUR growth that freight continued to be a tailwind for us of about 100 basis points. And of course, this was the quarter where cotton turned from a headwind, which we've seen for the first three quarters into being about neutral into the fourth quarter. Then we had some pressure from FX of about 30 basis points. And then as we look forward, Ashley, we are seeing in FY '25, our continued gross margin expansion of 50 bps to 100 basis points, largely premised on lower cotton costs and some significant cotton recapture. About half of the cotton that we expect to recapture about 90 basis points will come into this fiscal year, you know, being a little heavier weighted to the back half and continued channel and geographic mix. We, of course, expect AUR growth to continue with a few headwinds in terms of some small incremental Red Sea pressures that we see now, obviously, FX and the weaker yen and some other product costs, higher labor costs in some of our markets and some inflation in non-cotton materials. But overall, pleased with where we landed the year and encouraged by our continued gross margin expansion journey into fiscal '25.
Patrice Louvet: And Ashley, on new consumers. So new consumer -- younger consumers are leading our new consumer recruiting as a whole. So our penetration of younger consumers is increasing so think next-gen below 35. Very encouraged to see that. We have very targeted marketing activations to enable this. So this isn't just a result of luck. It's by intent. I think some of the things that we're doing on gaming and I think we're all learning the vocabulary here because of our T1 team winning against our G2 team. So we're sponsoring. Gaming teams are performing particularly well. You heard in the prepared remarks that our T1 team won the Global World of [Allegiance] (ph) tournament globally. We have significant activation with celebrities as well and a lot of them are spontaneously wearing us, right? There's a lot of heat around our polo hats, especially among younger women consumers, Taylor Swift wearing it, Jennifer Lawrence wearing it, and the list goes on. We're clearly in the conversation. If you track what's happening in social media and the conversations going on there, you'll hear and you'll see talk about Ralph Core, which obviously, we're really pleased to see. So good energy on that front. Our net promoter scores are growing the fastest among our younger consumers as well. So clearly, the experience they're having on our site and in our stores is resonating with them. So very encouraged by what the teams are doing in the markets to recruit those young consumers. Listen, we know that's the lifeblood for the Company for the long term and we're going to continue to lean into that.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Ashley Helgans: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen.
John Kernan: Thanks for taking my question, and Jane, congrats. You've done a phenomenal job.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
John Kernan: Just on Europe. The comps in the direct business have really inflected here double-digits in the last two quarters. Its penetrate -- DTC penetration in Europe is a lot lower than North America. How do we think about DTC and wholesale in Europe with that -- the wholesale channel being a tough macro period right now?
Patrice Louvet: We've been -- so yes, good reminder, John, that the context is challenging in Europe. But our teams are doing a terrific job, I think connecting with consumers and leveraging the different channels. You saw the DTC performance this past quarter up double-digits, both brick-and-mortar and digital. So really nice momentum. Our flagship stores are hitting record highs this year across different key cities in Europe. And -- so we expect to continue to drive that. We have really nice plans in terms of footprint expansion for stores across Europe. You remember at the beginning of this journey, we were at 19 stores across all of Europe, right? I don't have the exact number here, but I think we're closer to north of 50 stores at this point with actually more to come. So opportunities to continue to expand our footprint. The team is doing a great job driving comps in our full-price stores. On digital, there's really good momentum on our own digital, which we have a number of levers that we have now a good handle on that we're going to continue to push. And then on the -- so expect, I think the share of DTC to continue to expand, John. On the wholesale side, it has been -- it's a mix of both pure-play and obviously brick-and-mortar and then bricks and clicks. We've seen recent strength in -- with our pure players as we align strategies with what they're focused on, including our biggest pure-play partner in Europe, Zalando, where we're now both on an elevation strategy, which is serving us really, really nicely. We've done some reset this past year in Spain and in the UK for wholesale, consistent with our philosophy and approach in the US, both with the ECI and the Frasers Group. So working off a healthier foundation and feeling like the work that the teams are doing on the ground in terms of getting the brand connected to the consumer, to Ashley's earlier question, getting connected to that younger consumer is working well. So we remain cautiously optimistic about that region. We are not oblivious to your point, John, on all the headwinds out there, whether that's inflation, consumer sentiment, obviously, the two wars that are going on, which is why I think our guide -- we feel our guide is right based on the current conditions, but are excited about the momentum that the team is driving there.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. I would just summarize on the guide to say it's premise of more normalized wholesale trends and then solid continued comp growth across all DTC channels. So really encouraged. We recognize and I think are clear-eyed about the challenges from, as Patrice mentioned, the war, inflation pressures, but cautiously optimistic about it.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great. Well, go ahead with our last question, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Thank you very much for taking me -- taking me as a last question. Patrice, I think you mentioned Asia will grow high-single digits, but will be led by China. I know you don't mention or don't talk about quarter-to-date trends, but just love to get your perspective on what you're seeing in China. And then Jane, I have to ask a modeling question for your last earnings call. How do we think about marketing as a percentage of sales for the year? And then I think you mentioned because of the activation in the first quarter around marketing, how do we think about it for the first quarter as well? Thank you very much.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Laurent. Listen, we're all really proud of our team's execution in China, and the momentum that's been built and that's been sustained over many quarters and years now. And China now represents about 7% of our total business. It was 3% prior to COVID. So clearly, strong growth and we expect it to lead the growth for the Company moving forward. I think that -- you're right that we don't comment on inter-quarter performance, but the general perspective on China is listen, the consumer is pressured, right? We know the consumer sentiment is challenging there, but we're continuing to do very well. We grew double-digits this past quarter on top of 40% the year prior because it was a COVID reopen quarter. So nice continued momentum across our key cities, strong AUR growth. What's really working there is the team is doing a great job connecting the brand with the local consumer, tapping into this whole quiet luxury moment. I think the core values of the company and what we stand for is really connecting with the consumer very effectively. Our core products, our staples, our icons are really resonating. So think cable knit sweaters, think our Oxford shirts, polo shirts, unconstructed jackets, we're seeing consumers lean into that. Then the ecosystem that we focus on these top six cities that we've historically called out is working quite effectively across the different channels. So strong performance this past quarter. We expect that to continue. Of course, you know, we have to take into account that the 30% growth we delivered this past fiscal year in China benefited from a weaker base period. So if you kind of remove that, we expect China to return to strong but more normalized compares following the different COVID lapse, still driven by the brand energy and the brand heat and the brand momentum that we have there. Ralph core also resonating there. Our -- the breadth of our product offering and the excellent execution of the team from an ecosystem standpoint, fueled in part by continued expansion, right? So not only do we have comp growth, but we're continuing to expand our footprint from a store standpoint.
Jane Nielsen: Okay, Laurent, for my last question. Remember, Q1 is going to be -- we expect growth on a revenue basis to strengthen as we move into Q2, Q3 and Q4. But Q1 will represent a meaningful growth in marketing expense, up double-digits. And then as you look through the balance of the year as a percentage of sales, I think that what we spent in Q and in fiscal '24 is a pretty good proxy with a little more marketing expense growth in the second quarter given that that's the Olympic's quarter.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. On behalf of Ralph, myself, and the entire Ralph Lauren family, Jane, we want to express our deep appreciation for everything that you have achieved as you conclude your tenure as CFO of this company. We look forward and I look forward to continuing to partnering with you as our Chief Operating Officer. And we also extend a warm welcome to Justin, who several of you have already met and many of you will have the opportunity to meet in the coming months. We will host our virtual annual shareholder meeting and first quarter results in August. And until then, take care and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's third quarter fiscal 2024 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, our financial performance will be discussed on a constant currency basis. Our reported results, including foreign currency can be found in this morning's press release. We will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. This holiday quarter, our campaigns around the world celebrated a season of giving, marked by warm, reflection and comfort that inspires people to dream of the best things in life and share them with those they love. Immersing people in our world of easy elegance and sophistication has epitomized Ralph Lauren over 57 years. And we continue to deliver this quarter-after-quarter to an ever-expanding audience to our next great chapter accelerate plan. This combination of magic and logic translated to strong financial performance in the third quarter, our biggest quarter of the year. With top and bottom line results that exceeded our expectations, along with significant EPS growth. As we continue to navigate a dynamic global operating environment, our teams remain keenly focused on what we can control. This starts with our timeless and highly desirable brand which is resonating with consumers all around the world and enabling continued pricing power in the market. Our ability to leverage a broad powerful portfolio of core products that we can flex with evolving consumer needs. Our continued deliberate shift toward our direct-to-consumer channels where we can best deliver our elevated and connected consumer experiences and which once again led growth in the quarter. And all of this is underpinned by the agility and operational discipline we have built into our business so that we can continue fueling our strategic growth initiatives for the long-term. As we outlined at our last Investor Day, we are strongly encouraged that we have built a sustainable and resilient model with multiple diversified drivers for long-term growth and value creation. Our third quarter performance was a clear example of how we're driving progress across our three strategic pillars. As a reminder, these include, first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand, second, drive the core and expand for more; and third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Let me take you through a few highlights across each of these areas. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. We continue to harness the power of our iconic brand as we expand across geographies and demographics, cutting through culture across fashion, celebrity, sports, gaming and music moments. During the third quarter, key campaigns included, first, our holiday season for dreaming activations in every region generating nearly 8 billion global impressions. These included immersive holiday gifting content, unique key city takeovers across New York, Shanghai, London and Berlin and our Singles Day stream in China. Second, our Polo Ralph Lauren Artist and Residence campaign featuring Navajo Designer, Naiomi Glasses, which is the first in a series of groundbreaking partnerships focused on empowering and celebrating artisans within the communities that have historically inspired our designs. This campaign was not just a galvanizing cultural moment for our organization, but also resonated strongly with consumers, driving more than 3 billion impressions and our highest engagements ever on TikTok. We also outfitted an incredible roster of inspiring women including America Ferreira, Jody Foster, Greta Lee and JLo at the L Women in Hollywood event. Janelle Monae and Kate Bock at Art Basel in Miami. And Gauravi Kumari, Princess of Jaipur for a high-profile fundraiser at the dazzling City Palace in Jaipur, India. And who could forget Taylor Swift, who chose an all-American Ralph Lauren look for the cover of Time Magazine as their 2023 Person of the Year. These activations helped to fuel our strongest quarter of new consumer acquisition and brand affinity since the pandemic. We added 1.7 million new consumers to our DTC businesses, up high single digits to last year, driven by all regions. Our Net Promoter Scores accelerated along with positive momentum in brand consideration and purchase intent. And we grew our followers on social media by low double digits to last year, led by TikTok, Instagram, WeChat and Douyin. Moving next to our second key initiative, drive the core and expand for more. Consumers continue to turn to brands they know and trust and styles that live on beyond one season. And this holiday was no exception. As Ralph and our design teams seamlessly married sophisticated casual with styles exuding the luxury and glamor of the season. Our iconic core products, representing about 70% of our business, grew low double digits in the quarter, ahead of total company growth. From our Mesh Polos and Oxford Shirts, to our luxuriously soft Cashmere Sweaters and versatile Blazers, we have established a broad and highly recognizable portfolio of icons that drive our business through both choppy and more stable times alike. And we are incredibly proud of the work Ralph and our creative teams are doing to drive newness and excitement behind these styles, so they appeal to our most loyal and new consumers alike. Performance in core was led by our cable knit sweaters in cotton woolen cashmere, quilted and down jackets and sports coats in the range of tweed, tartan plaid, stretch corduroy and party ready velvets. As we continue to build on the long-term foundation of our core, we also delivered strong growth in our high potential categories, including women's, outerwear and home. Together, these high potential categories increased low double digits to last year. This was led again by women's, our most significant long-term growth opportunity. Driven by an elevated assortment with AUR up mid-teens. Performance was supported by our cashmere, flag and polo bear sweaters, sophisticated wool and cashmere coats, blazers and heritage tweed and modern knit tools and cocktail and evening dresses. Other special releases this quarter included our Polo Country and Element Skateboards Capsule, a limited-edition collection of unisex Polo Country styles and Element Skateboards celebrating the great outdoors. We sold over 2,000 skateboards, highlighting the lifestyle reach of our brand, and appeal to younger consumers. Our limited edition Polo ID handbag collaboration with Mr. Bags in China, which sold out within one minute on WeChat. Our innovative love of the land collaboration with Navajo Designer, Naomi Glasses; Ralph Lauren's first artist in residents. And the annual and much-loved Ralph Lauren Pink Pony collection supporting Ralph's 30-year commitment to cancer care and research. Looking ahead, we will continue to drive our core icons while leveraging the breadth of our brand and assortments to fuel excitement, and desirability. Turning to our third key initiative, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Our key city ecosystems around the world drive elevation and deliver consistency through all of our consumer channels and touch points. Each of these ecosystems is anchored by direct-to-consumer channels, including our stores and digital commerce sites, which combined already represent about 2/3 of company sales. During the quarter, we drove accelerated comp growth while also expanding our connected ecosystems across key markets. Globally, we opened a total of 17 new stores and concessions focused on our top cities with the majority again in Asia. While comps in our Ralph Lauren stores and own digital sites were strong around the world, we were particularly encouraged by the continued improvement in our outlet trends. The key outlet actions we implemented in the first half of the year from our optimized staffing to assortment enhancements and emphasis on quality and value, served us well through holiday and will continue to be drivers as we look ahead. In addition to our existing fleet, we opened a select number of iconic Ralph Lauren stores in the quarter, including our new emblematic store at Singapore's Marina Bay Sands, the first door to offer our luxury collections in Southeast Asia. Our first Ralph Lauren store in the Czech Republic, in Prague's historic old town as well as in Charlotte, North Carolina. And our first Ralph's coffee shops in Paris and the UAE. We also launched our Ralph Lauren digital flagship site in Canada, following our Toronto store opening last quarter. Combined with our elevated wholesale presence, these are helping us introduce a cohesive connected retail experience to our consumers across the Canadian market. By region, growth was again led by Asia with particularly strong performance in China, where sales increased more than 30% this quarter on both comp and new store growth. This was ahead of our expectations, even with last year's easier compares due to the surge in COVID cases. We are still in the earlier stages of brand building in China with meaningful outperformance versus peers in the quarter on consumer KPIs, including brand awareness, consideration and Net Promoter Scores. Our team delivered another successful Singles Day focused on brand building with ralphlauren.cn sales up 25% on lower discounting and higher AURs to last year. Our early performance to date on Douyin has also been very encouraging following our limited launch last fall with an expanded rollout this spring. And finally, touching on our enablers. In addition to our strategic priorities, our business continued to be supported by our five key enablers. I'll share a few highlights from the quarter. As we drive towards best-in-class digital technology and analytics, we tested our sophisticated predictive buying model in our European and Asian stores this quarter. With our initial rollout limited to select sweaters, knit tops and caps, this artificial intelligence-driven model enables better in-stock availability on sizing and best-selling products to drive incremental sales and improved conversion. Based on this early success, we plan to continue scaling its use to an expanded range of categories and markets over time. As we continue to integrate citizenship and sustainability to future-proof our business, we are also proud to be named once again one of Forbes World's Best Employers in 2023. In closing, Ralph and I are energized by our team's excellent execution through this important holiday season. This quarter's performance reinforces how the power of our iconic brand, together with our multi-lever strategy delivers. We are firing on multiple cylinders while not dependent on a single geography channel or category for growth. And this model, combined with our unique agility and the remarkable dedication of our teams is what will continue to differentiate Ralph Lauren through these dynamic times. With that, I'll hand it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. We entered this holiday season with a clear game plan. We invested in brand momentum around the world, expanded giftable core and seasonal products to delight our consumers and drove key operational improvements and flexibility to mitigate near-term macro headwinds. This quarter's strong performance was a testament to the agility of our teams and the resilience of our next great chapter accelerate plan, coupled with the power and global reach of our iconic brand. We reported third quarter revenue, adjusted operating profit and double-digit EPS growth above our outlook. And we achieved this while continuing to strengthen our brand proposition around the world and investing in our key strategic priorities to enable sustainable growth into the future. Top line exceeded our guidance, driven by comp acceleration in DTC with momentum in all retail channels globally. Operating margin expansion was also ahead of our outlook despite our strategic investments and ongoing cotton headwinds as we focus on operating with discipline in an evolving global environment. And we returned approximately $425 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases this fiscal year-to-date, in line with our long-term guidance. Let me take you through our third quarter financial highlights, which, as a reminder, are provided on a constant currency basis. Our accelerating brand momentum and investments in key holiday campaigns resulted in 5% total revenue growth. This was above our outlook led by strong double-digit growth in Asia and holiday outperformance in Europe. Revenue in North America was approximately flat to last year, in line with our expectations. Each of our DTC channels contributed to top line growth in the period, with total DTC penetration expanding approximately 400 basis points to last year, adding stability and resiliency to our business, consistent with our NGC strategy. Total company comp increased 9%, accelerating sequentially across all three regions. Ralph Lauren stores continued to lead our global performance. Our positive outlet comps continued to improve following investments in service and expanded core product assortments, driving solid traffic, AUR, and basket size growth in every region. Comps in our owned Ralph Lauren digital sites increased 8% on top of 11% growth last year as we prioritize ongoing investments to expand our footprint and improve the customer experience online. Total digital ecosystem sales were also up high single digits, including a strong recovery in Europe as our largest pure-play account returned to growth. Total company adjusted gross margin expanded 130 basis points to 66.5%, reflecting our long-term elevation work. This was consistent with our outlook, driven by lower freight expense, favorable channel and geographic mix and 9% AUR growth. These more than offset ongoing cotton cost headwinds and targeted promotions to drive conversion during key holiday sale periods. Cotton costs will start to abate at the end of our Q4, beginning with our spring 24 collections. As previously indicated, we are planning a moderation in AUR growth based on a reduced need to pass like-for-like cost inflation onto the consumer. Nevertheless, we plan to continue driving positive AUR increases as a result of our growing brand desirability, ongoing product mix elevation and favorable geographic and channel mix. Adjusted operating expenses increased 7% to 50.2% of sales a 100-basis point increase to last year. The increase as a percent of sales was driven largely by channel and geographic mix shifts in the quarter. With our DTC and international businesses contributing a significantly higher share of sales in the period versus last year. This quarter's strategic investments focused on our key city ecosystems, marketing investments and enhancing the consumer experience and service levels across our DTC channels. Variable selling expenses also rose as a result of stronger retail sales growth. Marketing was 7.5% of sales, up slightly from last year to support our high-impact holiday activations, delivering improvement across our consumer metrics, including brand consideration, Net Promoter Scores and purchase intent. We still expect full year marketing at around 7% of sales. Moving on to segment performance, starting with North America. Third quarter revenue was approximately flat to last year, in line with our expectations as stronger growth in retail was offset by our reduced sell-in to the wholesale channel. In North America Retail, third quarter comps increased 5%, led by a double-digit increase in our Ralph Lauren stores. Our outlet performance continued to improve with positive comps driven by our product elevation and our recent interventions to improve the selling experience and retail environments. Despite taking targeted promotions during the key holiday periods, our outlet AUR increased strongly and discount rates declined versus last year. Comps in our owned ralphlauren.com site were up 4% on top of 9% growth last year. In addition to a strong response to our Black Friday event, recent site enhancements such as upgraded search and navigation drove higher conversion in the quarter. We also launched our Canadian digital site in the quarter. In North America wholesale, revenues decreased 15%, in line with our expectations as we proactively focus on aligning inventory with softer demand trends. We continue to evaluate our brand presence in each store and exited approximately 20 department store doors this year. While we plan to manage this channel carefully into calendar '24, we were encouraged by our improving sellout trends, which meaningfully outperformed our sell-in this quarter. Our AUR in the channel was also up on a year-over-year basis. Moving on to Europe. Revenue increased 6%, with performance led by our DTC channels. This was above our expectations as strong growth across the continent more than offset continued consumer and macro headwinds in the U.K., results included roughly 5 points of negative impact from the earlier timing of wholesale deliveries and lapping last year's favorable post-COVID wholesale allowances. Retail comps increased 11% on top of a strong 11% compare last year with similar performance in our brick-and-mortar and digital sites. We drove strong momentum across brands and categories in Europe, with growth led by gifting, seasonal sweaters and outerwear, which are AUR accretive. Europe wholesale was approximately flat to last year, but included about 11 points of net headwinds from unusual impacts of wholesale allowances and earlier receipts. Strong underlying growth was supported by wholesale reorders, which returned to more normalized trends in the quarter, following recent destocking at digital wholesale accounts. While our Europe business has performed better than expected through the first three quarters of the year we remain cautious on the fourth quarter and into fiscal '25, given highly dynamic geopolitical and macro conditions in the region. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 17%, with double-digit growth across our largest markets of Japan, China and Korea. Asia retail comps were up 14% with strong growth in both digital commerce and brick-and-mortar stores. China sales increased more than 30% on continued brand momentum, including successful Singles Day events as we lapped last year's COVID impact. Third quarter sales in Japan were up low double digits. Overall inbound tourism recovered to pre-pandemic levels, although Chinese travelers to Japan are still down 70%. Sales in Korea also rebounded to low double-digit growth, benefiting from our recent marketing activations and a shift in the timing of the Chuseok holiday from Q2 last year. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our strong balance sheet and cash flows are key enablers of our Fortress foundation and allow us to make strategic growth investments in our business while returning cash to shareholders. We ended the third quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. Net inventory decreased 15%, below our revenue growth trend with units also down double digits. The decline was driven by stronger-than-expected Q3 sales and our continued efforts to ensure healthy wholesale inventories. As we transition into spring, we believe overall inventory levels are well positioned relative to our outlook for each region. We still expect to end fiscal '24 with healthy inventories below prior year levels with an improved ability to chase into potential demand as a result of our predictive buying model. Looking ahead, our outlook remains based on our best assessment of the current geopolitical backdrop as well as the macroeconomic environment. This includes inflationary pressures and other consumer spending related headwinds, potential supply chain disruption and foreign currency volatility among others. For fiscal '24, we still expect constant currency revenues to increase low single digits, now centering on about 2% compared to our previous outlook of 1% to 2%. Our outlook continues to embed caution around the wholesale channel where year-to-date demand has been softer than prior year. Foreign currency is now expected to benefit revenue growth by about 10 basis points. We continue to anticipate operating margin expansion of approximately 30 to 50 basis points in constant currency to 12.3% to 12.5%. Foreign currency is now expected to have a roughly neutral impact on full year operating margin. We now expect gross margin expansion in the range of 140 to 180 basis points in constant currency, up slightly from 120 to 170 basis points previously. This is driven by favorable freight costs, further mix shift toward international and DTC and continued growth in AUR, more than offsetting full year cotton inflation. Gross margin expansion is anticipated to more than offset expense deleverage due to mix shift and key strategic investments. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to increase in a range centered around 2% in constant currency, with stronger trends in retail versus continued caution in wholesale in both North America and Europe. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenues by roughly 160 basis points. While we remain cautious on North America, we expect modest sequential improvement in Q4 with stronger trends in DTC offsetting continued softness in wholesale. In Europe, fourth quarter sales are still expected to be negatively impacted by the earlier timing of wholesale shipments. Excluding this impact, we expect underlying trends in Europe to increase slightly in Q4. And in Asia, we anticipate growth will be closer to our full year guide for the region of up low double digits, as we lap a more normalized compare following the easy COVID compares in Q1 and Q3. We expect fourth quarter operating margin to expand approximately 350 to 400 basis points in constant currency. Largely driven by gross margin expansion with about 40 and 50 basis points of negative foreign currency impact on our operating and gross margin, respectively. We now expect our tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 20% for the full year due to discrete tax benefits recognized in Q3 and roughly 22% to 23% for the fourth quarter. And capital expenditures are now expected in the range of $200 million to $225 million. In closing, Ralph's vision has always been about inspiring people to step into the dream of a better life and this holiday quarter was no exception. We are proud of our team's strong execution on our next great chapter accelerate plan through what continues to be a highly dynamic operating environment. We are focused on what we can control, shifting to GTC, harnessing big data and AI and of course, operating and balance sheet discipline. This puts us in a position of strength as we continue to deliver our commitments and drive long-term value creation. And with that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Matt Boss with JPMorgan.
Matt Boss: Thanks and congrats on a great quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Matt.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Boss: So Patrice, relative to mixed results across retail, Ralph Lauren clearly stands out as a winner over the holiday period here. What gives you confidence that you can maintain this momentum in a volatile backdrop? And then, Jane, any constraints to achieving the mid-teens constant currency operating margin target as we think about next year? And maybe as we think multiyear, do you see this as a ceiling for the business, or how best to think about longer-term operating margin opportunity?
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Matt. Thank you for your question. What I would say is resilience is built into every facet of our approach so we can stay on offense as we pursue sustainable long-term growth. So what gives us confidence? A few things to call out. First, we continue to invest in our brand and our way of living so that we can continue to deliver cut through cultural moments and drive desirability across regions and demographics. Listen, our focus on high impact Q2 and Q3 marketing really enabled us to hit the ground running coming into this holiday season. And it helped accelerate consumer metrics, top-line outperformance and the continued elevation in what I think we can all say was a pretty promotional environment. The second point is really around our products, right? And our broad portfolio of iconic core products, transcend trends, really focused on style and elegance, not on trends and allow us to flex as consumer needs evolve. The third area regard to our go-to-market model and our DTC channels. In DTC, I think as you know well, now represents about 2/3 of the company. So a majority of the business is DTC for Ralph Lauren. And the DTC channels are really where the world of Ralph Lauren comes to life most powerfully, where we engage most directly with the consumer and have the most ability to impact the consumer experience. And that's where we've invested most. And we delivered healthy comp growth across all of our direct-to-consumer channels this quarter, including our Ralph Lauren stores, our own digital sites and outlets in Asia, in Europe and in North America. So as you've seen, our plan is supported by multiple drivers of growth. It's not based on a single area, but diverse opportunities across categories, channels across key cities in every single region. And I think this is really evident from Q3 with double-digit growth, not just in China, up 30% in China. We're really proud of the team doing that. But also proud of the work our teams are doing in Japan, Korea, Germany, where we grew double digits in this quarter as well. And North America, which saw positive comp results across our DTC channels this quarter as well. Our core product is working, that's about 70% of the company. Women's and high potential categories more broadly are also working. So this is underpinned by our agility and operational discipline muscles, which have been built over time. And I think you see them in action during this last quarter. You can see the way we're managing our inventories. You can see the way our diversified global supply chain is helping us navigate volatility all around the world. And we expect this to continue to serve us really nicely moving forward, knowing that volatility is really our new normal. So Matt, our model is resilient. It's differentiated we've created a sustainable approach for long-term growth and value creation in these dynamic times. And I'll let Jane provide perspective on margin.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Matt. So we are still firmly committed to our 15% constant currency operating margin. We think it's the right goal for our businesses. And specifically to your question, do I see any constraints? Obviously, we're operating in a volatile and dynamic operating environment. We're not immune to that. But what gives me confidence is our organization's agility to address those changes, navigate them effectively and lean into our multiple engines of growth, be it different geographies, be it different products, be it different channels that we drive as you saw us drive DTC this quarter so effectively. And I don't view 15% as a ceiling at all. That's why we've identified these high potential categories in women's handbags and planting seeds in homes that those businesses can scale over the longer term and provide new engines for growth and profitability.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti: HI, guys. Great quarter. Thanks for taking our questions here. I guess a couple tactical ones. North America, 15% wholesale decline in the quarter. Nice to see you guys controlling it where you can in the D2C business. On that number, though, I think you said POS in wholesale was well ahead of sell-in on wholesale. But it sounds like AURs are increasing in the channel and you're maintaining a cautious posture there still. Is there a point on the horizon where you see those two numbers can start to converge, Jane a little bit. And also, I guess, Europe as a stand out here. I want to make sure I understood the 11% growth rate would have been 5 points higher in the quarter that comes out of the fourth quarter. But even with that, it looks like you're planning for a deceleration in Europe in the fourth quarter. I know you've been planning that market very cautiously for a long time. It's nice to see you coming in above your above your guidance. But is maybe a little bit more context on what you think the underlying growth rate is in Europe in the fourth quarter and how we should think about that market for '24? Are you seeing any less pressure on the wholesale side there? Maybe just a little bit of color, please?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Let me start with your first question on wholesale. So we did see our sell-in down 15% in North America. What's encouraging is that our sellout was down about mid-single digits in the quarter. And we had low single-digit increases in AUR. Now Michael, what's underscoring that is we wanted to be competitive, we didn't intend to be moved backward in that channel through the holiday season. We were intentional about our sell-in as we came off a softer spring and fall, we wanted to make sure that our receipts reflected a more cautious view of seasonal inventory, and we were able to backfill into stronger core and replenishment items. So as I look into the future, especially in the fourth quarter, I see more balance between sell-out and sell-in. And I think the expectation of what we saw in sell-out this quarter is a good indicator of what we'll see in Q4. And then on Europe, we were really pleased with what we saw in Europe this quarter. Overall, our business performed above our expectations. We had solid growth in every market with some softness in the U.K. based on the inflation and some consumer pressures that we had there. But really, we saw strong continued full digital pure-play strength as well as good wholesale strength with accelerating DTC trends. So some of the investments that we've talked about specifically in North America also paid dividends in Europe as we invested back in service and really saw marketing momentum with our new consumers. As I think about Q4, we do remain cautious. It's an inflation pressured environment. Obviously, the situation in the Middle East and the situation in the Ukraine are closer in on Europe. I see some pressures in Europe and in Spain with inflation. But I do see that over the course of the quarter what you'll see in wholesale is the underlying growth is going to be pretty stable. And then, we're going to come in, as we talked about in Europe with some ups and downs and some timing shifts that we expect Europe to perform in the low single-digit range for the year. Again, I know there's some quarter-to-quarter volatility based on timing shifts.
Patrice Louvet: And maybe I'll just add one data point on your first perspective, which is on North America wholesale where indeed need to be cautious moving forward. We are encouraged by our digital wholesale performance this past quarter, which was up mid-single digits. So the challenge really is stores, driving traffic in the stores, running conversion in the stores working closely with our wholesale partners to activate this.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. So maybe, Patrice, just to follow up on those last comments. Can you just talk about your enthusiasm for your direct consumer business, particularly opening stores, given the comments you made in the opening remarks. Can you maybe just compare how you feel about it now versus, say, 90 days ago?
Patrice Louvet: Still is enthusiastic, Jay. So if I step back a little bit, just think about our go-to-market model, really focused on top 30 cities around the world building an ecosystem that is led by DTC, but incorporates quality wholesale within that. And we know, as we look at our footprint, particularly in North America and in Europe or in China, actually, that we have opportunities to expand our full-price store presence. And you've seen us do this at a relatively healthy clip probably most actively in China, but more recently in Europe and in North America. As we think through the model going forward, Jay, we're still going to operate with this focus on the top 30 cities, build this ecosystem and lean into DTC. So I mentioned earlier, DTC is about 2/3 of the company. We expect that percentage to increase over time. Because that's really where we have the opportunity to better engage with the consumer and provide a full raw foreign experience. This being said, quality wholesale continues to play a role in the mix moving forward. We've committed to a number of store openings during Investor Day, and we still stay true to that but this year, it's about 80 stores.
Jane Nielsen: And we're still on track for about 250 new doors over the 3-year time horizon.
Operator: The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking our question. Healthy improvement in the outlet channel again this quarter. And I know a lot of ground has been covered on DTC, but I was hoping you could elaborate on the changes that are working best there and your plans for further actions to drive continued accelerated improvement from here in outlet in both North America and Europe. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So Brooke, we were really pleased with what we saw in the outlet channel. And what we see working is that the investments that we've made in our brands are paying off across our channels. But it's particularly in the outlet channels, we've seen nice solid growth in traffic across all three regions. Additionally, some of the very targeted promotion activities that we did during the peak holiday selling period worked very effectively, especially in the outlet channel. And we're able to do that while still increasing AUR across all three regions. We also see a role for the investments that we made in service. So we increased our service in our stores, and we're seeing conversion as a result of that. Obviously, brand investments and service investments are durable groups over time. And as we said, we'll be led by our consumers on our elevation journey and be very targeted in addressing some of our value-oriented consumers over time.
Operator: Next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. Jane, I think you mentioned for the fourth quarter, the operating margin on a constant currency basis will be up 350 to 400, that's largely driven by gross margins. If I recall correctly, Jane, turn of the commodities into tailwind doesn't really happen until the last month of the quarter. So I'm just curious to know like how -- what the drivers are for that gross margin for the fourth quarter? And then if you could possibly for the audience, maybe quantify how much cotton was a headwind over the last few years. Is it fair to assume that it was about 300 basis points cumulatively. And if that's the case, how do we think about that as it turns into a tailwind? Thank you very much.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Laurent, and thank you for the question. So you're right. We've guided 350 to 400 basis points largely driven by that's the equal guidance that we gave in gross margin. So it's driven by gross margin. And so SG&A becomes a neutral factor. And we still will have over 100 points of tailwind from freight, even with consideration of the resi as we come into the fourth quarter. So that's a durable factor for us as we exit this year. We're going to have favorable benefits from channel and geographic mix about similar, I think, to what you saw this quarter. There are two big changes. The big change is that cotton becomes a tailwind at the very end of the quarter. It's been a meaningful headwind over the course of the year of about 110 basis points. So as it becomes a tailwind, the pressure that we felt from cotton has reduced significantly. Also AUR growth becomes a more powerful driver in gross margin. as we expect our AUR trajectory to be about similar, we expect to get more efficiency, especially in our promotion lever. You saw us be quite focused in the holiday quarter as we come into the fourth quarter, we'll be less focused and we have less inventory that have to go out at end-of-season sale. So that's a gross margin benefit. I just want to be clear that cotton still a slight headwind in the quarter, but again, vastly reduced. And that's the key drivers that we see as I look at cotton over the last several years. It's important to note that even today, cotton still about 25% above pre-COVID levels. So it hasn't gone down to pre-COVID levels. And I expect that, that with the best visibility that we have, that's about a stable point for cotton. But it's actually been a little less than the 300 basis points, Laurent. I would say it's been about 110 basis points this last year and a little over 100 basis points to 150 basis points in the previous year.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Chris Nardone: Great. Thanks guys. Good morning. Just wanted to know how to think about the impact your operating margin next year in a scenario where wholesale sell-in starts to improve globally. And then I heard you loud and clear on reiterating the 15% constant currency target for operating margins next year. But can you provide an update on where we are in your cost savings program that you outlined at your Investor Day and your ability to pull that lever if sales and macro volatility continues this year? Thank you very much.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So Chris, what we see as we talk about a more balanced focus between sell-in and sell-out, next year, we think that, that it will be a favorable dynamic in terms of OI margin expansion, and we can couple that with the momentum that we're seeing in our DTC channel. So we view that as favorable. Although in aggregate, we're still cautious about the channel as we enter into fiscal '25, but we don't expect to see the level of sell-in decline that you saw, particularly in North America this quarter. And then from our $400 million gross savings plan, we are on track for that plan. We delivered about 1/3 of it in fiscal '23. We'll deliver another 1/3 in fiscal '24. The difference between '23 and '24 is it's a little more balanced in our cost of goods sold line versus the SG&A line. And we feel we're on track delivering the full $400 million as we close out the year. And of course, we'll be very disciplined about resource allocation. We've made some significant investments this quarter and this year, and we'll expect those investments to scale [in a year] [ph] growth and profitability as we go into fiscal '25.
Operator: Next question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen.
John Kernan: Excellent. Congrats on the results, the 9% comps and another strong quarter. Patrice, you talked about women's, home, accessories, handbags in particular, as incremental growth categories. Can you remind us where we are as a percent of the mix with some of those categories and how those have trended since you put out the targets for the next great chapter plan in 2022?
Patrice Louvet: John, we haven't guided specifically in terms of the relative percentages. We did say that the women's opportunity was quite meaningful. 56% of our customers walking into our stores or shopping on our website are women and yet women's has represented less than 25% of the company's business. So you can expect that percentage to go up, but we haven't guided specific breakouts. We do have a lot of confidence in the potential of these categories. We're really pleased with the customer response across our women's portfolio. Women's really led the dance this quarter again and really resonating nicely. Outerwear is also a category that we're leaning in. You've heard others say, the season was challenging and certainly, the temperatures were maybe a little milder than anyone would have liked. But outerwear outperformed for us again this quarter, teams doing a great job developing a line of products across different outerwear categories that's really resonating. And as we look ahead, we still see a lot of runway, particularly on women's outerwear. Moving forward, strong performance with our handbag business. We launched the RL888, which was hard to miss in a number of our key cities around the world, very nice response to that. with continued momentum on the Polo ID bag and the little partnership or not little, but the partnership we had with Mr. Bag in China. And also good progress on home with new capability building as we bring in our new licensing partner on furnishing. All in all, all these categories are AUR accretive. So if you think about the different categories I laid out, when you look ahead in terms of what's going to be accelerators for the company, both in absolute top line and from an AUR and margin standpoint. We look forward to continuing to build on the momentum that we have in these spaces.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and nice to see the nice results. Just as you think about your channels of growth and obviously, DTC being so much more important than wholesale, or the interesting things on wholesales, the stronger results that you saw in Europe this quarter with the reorder trends. Anything we should be thinking about the wholesale business and reorder trends in Europe and what it could mean for North America? Is there anything to parse apart on North America? And then just lastly on the whole digital side of the business, what are you seeing in terms of the mix, whether is it AUR growth? Is it new customer activation? Is it more from existing customers and how you see that growing as a percent of sales? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: So just in terms of what we saw in Europe in wholesale, we were really pleased with what we saw overall in wholesale, especially as we look at Europe growth on an underlying basis, where it was even stronger. I think as we step back the differentiator in Europe is the wholesale channel itself is more elevated. And our Ralph Lauren Consumer is also more elevated. And that doesn't mean we don't have learnings that can apply in North America. I think as we look at assortment composition and as we look at marketing opportunities with our wholesale partners, Europe has some great best demonstrated practices and there's certainly an opportunity to cross-pollinate those issues. But those are the primary differences in what we see in terms of performance.
Patrice Louvet: And then, Dana, on the digital front, let's start with North America. So North America comps were up 4% digital. It was really driven by traffic, all right? That was the key traffic. We saw improvements on conversion basket size. What's really exciting in the new consumers that we are recruiting. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're up 1.7 million new consumers this last quarter is the momentum we have on brand is attracting higher value younger consumers, and we're seeing that play out very clearly in digital. If I look at the other regions, we were super pleased with the performance in Europe with digital at 12%. This was also driven by very strong traffic during the holiday events and new capabilities that the teams have put in place there. And then, finally, Asia, which is a smaller base and newer flagships also a very strong momentum, up 25% versus plus 21% last compare. And I think same thing new consumers, higher-value consumers, younger consumers, progress on conversion. And listen, as we look at this channel for the future, we still see significant runway. This business is a little less than 30% of our total company. We had guided to continued acceleration within this channel. As we build new capabilities, we just launched a new search engine in the U.S. also we mapped our product presentations, we expect to see continued progress in this space. So we feel good about the results that the teams are achieving across all three regions with more to come.
Operator: Our final question comes from Rick Patel with Raymond James.
Rick Patel: Good morning, Jane. I will add my congrats as well. How should we think about the flow-through of outperformance as we go forward? Because for the year, it looks like you raised guidance for gross margins, but less so on operating margins. So curious which areas might be getting incremental spend here? And then, secondly, just zooming out which areas of the business will you look to distort investments to as we think about continuing the strong momentum?
Jane Nielsen: So Rick, I think as we look at flow-through on outperformance, it's really going to be about the cadence of our investments and continuing to stay focused on our productivity metrics. As you do look at flow-through especially on the gross margin line, DTC, while we've been able to, on wholesale softness lean into DTC, which is a good thing. It is our strategy. The gross margin does have to cover some of that higher level of SG&A. We've been able to, I think, with real agility balance that. And of course, as we look forward, we'll look at that balance between slowing through outperformance and making investments in our business. As we have looked at where to invest in our business, we're very encouraged by the investments that we've made in digital. You know that, that's an important part of our future, and we're going to continue to make those investments. equally developing our ecosystem. As I said earlier, we are on track for delivering 250 new stores over the 3-year time horizon. We believe that stores are an important part of our brand presentation and our customer service experience. So you'll see us continue to drive that. And then finally, our brand. One of the things that we are proudest of this quarter is the momentum in our brand and our underlying health with our consumer. Our NPS score was higher, our purchase intent score was higher, our value perception score was higher. And so we believe in our brands, we will always invest in it and we think it will pay dividends not only in the short-term but in the long-term.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, this is the end of our call. So thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and year-end results with you in May. And until then, take care, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2024 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, our financial performance will be discussed on a constant currency basis. Our reported results, including foreign currency, can be found in this morning's press release. We will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guaranteed, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties and principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet : Thank you, Corey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We continue to deliver solid progress on our Next Great Chapter Accelerate plan in the second quarter. Through an uncertain global macro environment, our iconic brand and timeless products continue to resonate with consumers all around the world. And our multiple engines of growth across categories and regions, enable our teams to deliver against our strategic and financial commitments even in a choppier backdrop. Second quarter results exceeded our expectations on the top and bottom line. We were particularly encouraged by an acceleration in our retail performance with positive comps across every region and channel in the period. The strength and growing desirability of our brand is underpinned by our continued pricing power, with AUR up another 10% on top of 18% growth last year. In addition, consistent with our plan, we continue to focus on balance sheet and expense discipline. This is fueling our investments in high-impact brand moments spanning geographies and demographics, all while delivering profitability ahead of our expectations. Looking ahead, as the important holiday season gets underway, we are executing on our long-term game plan and keenly focused on what we can control. We are elevating our brands and positioning in the marketplace while staying grounded in the realities of the macro environment. With more than six consecutive years of AUR growth, a cumulative increase of over 70%, we are confident in our pricing power in the market. Now it's important to remember that AUR growth is an output of our overall elevation work that has included evolving our product categories, product mix, and shopping experiences in addition to promotional pullback. This fundamental reset in our pricing architecture gives us the flexibility to continue driving our long-term brand elevation while also reacting with agility to near-term inflationary pressures. Turning to the second quarter. Our performance was guided by our three strategic pillars to drive long-term growth and value creation. These are: first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand; second, drive the core and expand for more; and third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Let me take you through a few highlights across each of these strategic pillars. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. We continue to invest in our most powerful asset, our timeless iconic lifestyle brand. The Ralph Lauren brand resonates across geographies and demographics, powerfully cutting through a wide range of cultural moments, across fashion, music, gaming, sports, and more. Some highlights from the quarter included: first, September marked our return to New York Fashion Week with a rustic romantic show at the Brooklyn Navy Yard where Ralph and our design teams presented a women's show highlighting our brand's quintessential easy elegance and relaxed refinement. Supported by our activations across 25 key markets and influential guests from JLo and Cara Delevingne to Li Bingbing and Sofia Richie Grange, we drove 24 billion impressions globally with outsized growth in our luxury perception ratings in North America. Next, we reinforced our brand leadership in the world of sports with our sponsorship of the U.S. Open, Wimbledon and Ryder Cup. Our brands showed up powerfully on the courts and green and on celebrities and influencers, enjoying sport in our iconic spectator style. We also continue to innovate in the world of gaming to engage new and younger consumers, launching our latest partnership with Fortnite. Race to Greatness immerses players in a unique experience, blending luxury fashion, gaming and exploration. Engagement exceeded our expectations with over 0.5 million unique visitors to the experience and the live stream activation reaching 2 million total views. In China, we celebrated the 30th anniversary of our cult classic Double RL brand with an immersive two-day event with VIP celebrity and influencer attendees featured in a motorcycle tour around Chengdu City, horseback riding, and vintage collection storytelling. Other celebrity highlights from the quarter included dressing Beyonc in her Renaissance World Tour; and Taylor Swift and Jennifer Lawrence both spotted in effortless Polo looks on the streets of New York. Together, these activations are both re-engaging existing customers while also attracting new high-value consumers to our business. We added 1.3 million new consumers to our DTC businesses in the second quarter, consistent with recent trends. And this continues to skew increasingly towards next-generation under 35 consumers. We reached 55.9 million social media followers globally, a low double-digit increase to last year with unique activations across line, TikTok, and our recent launch [indiscernible] driving engagement. And our online search trends continue to significantly outpace our peers globally. Moving next to our second key initiative, drive the core and expand for more. In uncertain times, consumers continue to turn to brands they know and trust and styles that have longevity beyond one season. timeless classics have always been our core proposition. And Ralph and our design teams continue to deliver with an unwavering focus on the quality and quiet luxury that are central to our way of living. Our iconic core products, representing about 70% of our business, grew high single digits in the second quarter, ahead of total company growth, and core penetration to sales increased by roughly 500 basis points, underscoring the importance and resilience of our icons through choppy times. Strong performance in our core was led by our iconic cable knit sweaters in cotton and cashmere, jackets and vests, heritage tie blazer, and unconstructed sports coats. Our kid's business improved sequentially this quarter, led by girls with strength across seasonal fall sweaters, dresses, outerwear, and baby gifts. Our core also establishes the foundation and credibility to grow our high-potential categories. These include women's, outerwear, and our emerging home business. Together, these high-potential categories increased low double digits in the quarter. We continue to drive strong growth in women's, our most significant long-term opportunity on an elevated assortment with AUR up mid-teens. Similar to men's, performance was supported by our core icons this fall, including sweaters, garden die shirts, versatile mid- and full-length skirts taking her from day to night, and our iconic blazers and heritage tweed and modern knit fabrications. In the second quarter, we also launched our most comprehensive women's handbag campaign to date with the introduction of our newest icon, the RL 888 With a 360-degree launch across key cities, we are establishing the category in a way that is authentic to our brand with a focus on quality Italian craftsmanship and leathers expressed in Ralph Lauren's elegant aesthetic. Other special releases this quarter included our sports sponsorship collections with U.S. Open and Wimbledon sales significantly outperforming our expectations. Our limited-edition P-Wing Fortnite Sneaker-Boot, which is now reselling to collectors for up to four times the retail price, and in September, together with Rizzoli, we launched a Way of Living, a stunning hardcover book celebrating Ralph Lauren's signature home collections over 40 years. Looking ahead, we will continue to leverage the breadth of our brand and assortments to create excitement and desirability in addition to driving customer loyalty. On to our third key initiative, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Our key city ecosystems around the world drive elevation and connection through all of our consumer channels and touchpoints. Each of these ecosystems is anchored by direct-to-consumer channels, which already represent about two-third of company sales. Our strong retail comps this quarter were supported by continued momentum across both core Polo products and luxury collections. In our precision engagement with consumers who have the potential for long-term loyalty and outsized lifetime value. While comps in our Ralph Lauren stores and own digital sites were strong around the world, we were particularly encouraged by improved performance in our outlet business. also positive in every region. Key outlet actions we implemented in the first half of the year from assortment changes to optimize staffing and highly targeted promotions appealing to our more value-oriented consumers, position us well as we head into holiday. In addition to our existing fleet, we opened a select number of iconic Ralph Lauren stores in the quarter, including Marina Bay Sand in Singapore, and renovated experiences in Brussels and Stockholm. And in North America, we're excited to build our first ever key city ecosystem in Canada, starting with Toronto, where we opened our first Ralph Lauren store at Yorkdale Center this quarter. And just a few weeks ago, we launched our Canadian digital commerce site, ralphLauren.ca, helping us deliver connected retail experiences to our consumers across the market. Globally, we opened a total of 16 new stores and concessions focused on our top cities this quarter with the majority again in Asia, particularly in China. Our performance in China remains a standout with sales up more than 20% this quarter. This was ahead of our expectations, driven by strong brand momentum and high-quality new consumer recruitment. Looking ahead, we still see significant opportunities to drive our business with global Chinese consumers. And finally, touching on our enablers. In addition to our strategic priorities, our business continued to be supported by our five key enablers. I'll share a few highlights from the quarter. Within our best-in-class digital technology and analytics capabilities, we enhanced our RalphLauren.com digital flagship and app this quarter. This included new search capabilities and improved navigation which helped deliver a more personalized experience and drive conversion. We also continued our early testing of generative AI. For example, leveraging the technology to create select product descriptions on our digital site. As we continue to integrate citizenship and sustainability into our business, we're excited to share that we signed a collective power purchase agreement to scale our purchasing of solar power in Europe. This initiative created by the fashion pack brings us one step closer to reaching our goal to power our direct operations with 100% renewable electricity by 2025. And just a few weeks ago, the Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation announced our newest Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Prevention at USC's Norris Cancer Center Hospital. This center will represent our third center in the U.S. and our first one on the West Coast. As we continue our efforts to improve access to high-quality cancer screening services and treatment for underserved communities. In closing, Ralph and I are proud of our team's progress creativity, and dedication while navigating a dynamic environment. As we enter the holiday and the second half of the year, we remain focused on what we can control as we deliver on our multiple levers for growth across regions and categories. Our strengthening brand desirability, sustainable pricing power, and consistency of execution continue to differentiate Ralph Lauren through challenging times, and underpinning all of our growth opportunities is the enduring power of our iconic lifestyle brand, which continues to inspire people all over the world to step into their dreams. With that, I'll hand it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen : Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. We drove second quarter results ahead of our expectations while making strategic growth investments that will continue to support our business in the second half and in the long term. Second quarter revenue growth exceeded our guidance driven by better-than-expected performance in our DTC channels in North America and Europe, along with continued momentum in Asia, led by China. Gross and operating margins were also above our outlook despite ongoing cost headwinds and high levels of strategic investments in the quarter as planned. Our continued brand elevation, favorable channel, and geographic mix shifts, coupled with our focus on cost savings and productivity fueled our investments in sustainable long-term growth. Leveraging our strong cash flow, we delivered approximately $275 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases this fiscal year-to-date. We are on pace with our long-term shareholder return commitments while maintaining our fortress balance sheet one of our key enablers that serves us well through times of uncertainty. With this discipline, we entered the holiday season with clean and healthy inventories. With our elevated brand clear strategy and targeted investments, we are proud of the progress we are making on our multiyear Next Great Chapter Accelerate plan. We remain committed to both our fiscal '24 outlook outlined back in May and our three-year targets, while recognizing that we are still operating in a highly volatile environment. Let me take you through our second quarter financial highlights, which, as a reminder, are provided on a constant currency basis. Total company revenues in the second quarter increased 2% led by double-digit growth in Asia. Revenue in North America and Europe declined slightly to last year, with Europe impacted by timing shifts as noted on our last call. Total company comp increased 6%, with all three regions delivering positive comp growth in the period, led by our Ralph Lauren stores and digital Notably, our outlet comps improved with both stronger traffic and stabilizing conversion trends. Total company adjusted gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 65.4%. This was better than our outlook as strong AUR growth, lower freight expenses, and favorable channel and geographic mix more than offset ongoing pressure from higher cotton costs. We continue to expect stronger gross margin expansion in the second half of the year as cotton headwinds start to moderate and inventories remain clean and well-positioned. AUR increased 10% on top of 18% growth last year with balanced growth across all regions and channels, driven by our long-term strategy of brand and product elevation. This more than offset targeted promotional activity in the quarter focused on driving conversion with our value-sensitive consumers. Adjusted operating expense increased 10% to 55.5% of sales, driven by this year's cadence of higher marketing, talent to support our strategic growth areas, and long-term investments in our key city ecosystems, notably in-store customer service, new digital site launches and search engine upgrades. Marketing was 8% of sales compared to 7% last year. We continue to expect full-year marketing at around 7% of sales, consistent with our long-term guidance, including a more normalized growth in the second half. Moving on to segment performance, starting with North America. Second quarter revenue declined 1% ahead of our expectations with stronger growth in our retail business offset by expected wholesale declines in a softer environment for the channel. In North America Retail, second quarter comps increased 4%, representing a meaningful improvement over our first quarter trends. Comps were positive in every channel, including outlet, which started to benefit from our recent interventions to strengthen the customer experience and selective promotions to drive conversion with value-oriented consumers. Comps in our owned RalphLauren.com site grew 4%, a 12-point improvement from Q1 and as we continue to drive personalization and targeted marketing activations. All DTC channels delivered at least mid-single-digit AUR growth alongside these comp improvements. In North America Wholesale, revenues declined 7% to last year, in line with our expectations as we carefully manage sell-in to the channel to align with softer consumer demand. While this channel is also experiencing some challenges related to macro inflation pressures, we are encouraged that our top 100 doors are significantly outperforming the rest of the fleet, following our targeted investments in renovations and service levels. In addition, our wholesale AUR continued to grow, up mid-single digits on product mix elevation and controlled inventory levels. Looking ahead, we are maintaining a cautious outlook on the channel and remain focused on aligning inventory levels to demand. Moving on to Europe. Revenue declined slightly in the second quarter, ahead of our expectations. Results included five points of negative impact from the earlier timing of fall '23 wholesale deliveries into the prior quarter and lapping last year's favorable post-COVID wholesale allowances. Retail comps increased 6% with owned digital commerce up 14% and brick-and-mortar comps up 5% on similar performance in Ralph Lauren and outlet stores. Europe AUR increased high single digits in the quarter. Digital comps were higher than our expected full-year run rate as new sites accelerated growth. Similar to North America, we added targeted incremental seasonal promotions to drive conversion, which meaningfully benefited Q2. We Conversely, we expect Q3 digital comps to be negatively impacted by a calendar shift in Boxing Day sales to Q4. We Europe wholesale declined 7% to last year, in line with expectations, including approximately nine points of headwinds from the items noted previously. Looking ahead, these drivers are expected to negatively impact our Q3 and Q4 growth by about 12 point and four points, respectively. Turning to Asia. Revenues increased 13%, with growth led again by China. China sales increased more than 20% on top of a strong compare of more than 30% last year on continued brand momentum. Second quarter sales in Japan were up low double digits. We expect continued momentum in Asia in the second half of the year, with growth in China outpacing the rest of the region. Within our other nonreportable segments, licensing revenue declined high single digits, in line with our plan. The transition out of our Lauren men's suiting license as a part of our long-term elevation journey drove the entire decline and will continue to impact segment results for the remainder of fiscal '24. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our strong balance sheet and healthy cash flows are key enablers of our Fortress foundation and allow us to make strategic growth investments in our business while returning cash to shareholders even through dynamic times. We ended the second quarter with $1.5 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. Net inventories declined 5%, aligned with our expectations and below our revenue growth trend with units down high teens. Inventories decreased double digit in North America, on a more normalized timing of receipts and cautious top-line outlook for the region. Inventories in Europe also declined in constant currency, while Asia levels reflected our strong expected growth rates. We still expect to end fiscal '24 with inventory below prior-year levels. Looking ahead, our outlook remains based on our best assessment of the current geopolitical backdrop as well as the macroeconomic environment. This includes inflationary pressures, and other consumer spending-related headwinds, and foreign currency volatility, among others. For fiscal '24, we still expect constant currency revenues to increase low single digits, centering on a range of 1% to 2%. Our outlook embeds slightly increased caution around the wholesale channel, where year-to-date demand has been soft. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact reported revenues by about 50 basis points due to unfavorable shifts in both Asian and European exchange rates versus our prior outlook. We continue to expect top-line growth to be led by Asia, followed by low single-digit growth in Europe. And we still expect a low single-digit decline in North America based on softer spring trends in the first half and wholesale timing shifts in Q1. We continue to anticipate operating margin expansion of approximately 30 basis points to 50 basis points in constant currency to 12.3% to 12.5%. Foreign currency is expected to have roughly 10 basis points negative impact on full-year operating margin. We expect gross margin expansion in the range of 120 basis points to 170 basis points in constant currency, up from about 100 basis points previously. This is driven by more favorable freight costs, mix shifts towards international and DTC and continued growth in AUR, more than offsetting full-year cotton inflation. Gross margin expansion is anticipated to more than offset higher operating expenses as we invest in key strategic initiatives, particularly around digital, Key City ecosystem expansion, marketing, and sustainability. Relative to our Investor Day base period, guidance still implies about 80 basis points to 100 basis points of operating margin expansion when compared to fiscal '22, holding currency constant on track with our long-term targets. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to increase 1% to 2% in constant currency, led again by Asia. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenues by roughly 30 basis points. We remain cautious on North America and expect similar trends to Q2 with softness in wholesale offsetting stronger trends in DTC. In Europe, third quarter sales are still expected to be negatively impacted by the timing of earlier fall shipments and from lapping last year's favorable post-COVID wholesale allowances. Excluding these unusual impacts, we expect underlying trends in Europe to be more in line with our full-year outlook for the region of low single-digit growth. We expect third quarter operating margin to be roughly flat in constant currency with about 10 basis points of foreign currency benefit. We expect constant currency gross margin expansion of 100 basis points to 150 basis points, largely offset by a higher proportion of marketing and ecosystem investments planned in the second quarter and third quarter of the fiscal year. We now expect our tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23% for the full-year and roughly 23% to 24% for the third quarter and capital expenditures are expected to be around $250 million. In closing, our year-to-date performance demonstrates the agility of our teams to deliver continued strong execution, along with progress on our Next Great Chapter Accelerate plan, led by Ralph's enduring vision our teams around the world are consistently driving brand desirability with products and experiences that resonate across generations, geographies, and lifestyles. Even as we navigate near-term challenges, our multiple engines of growth, along with our Fortress foundation, put us in a position of strength to continue to deliver our commitments and drive long-term value creation. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Michael Binetti with Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti : Maybe two quick ones here. Patrice, you guys maintained the outlook for the year, you referred to, obviously, the macro uncertainty in the prepared remarks. What do you think about as the factors in your control that enabled you to maintain the back half commitments and beyond, especially if the environment deteriorates further from here? And then I guess, maybe a jump all for both of you, but how do we think a little bit beyond this year on the wholesale side, particularly in North America, you made some comments on your thoughts on the channel now. Do you feel like the channel is under-inventoried at this point? And how do you think about the opportunity to fill in wholesale next year as we look a little bit beyond the calendar year?
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, Michael, welcome back. Thanks for your question. Our teams continue to execute really well in a tough environment. And while we're planning for things to remain choppy for the foreseeable future, I think this quarter showed once again that we can deliver on our commitments. There are a few reasons for that, and I just want to call out the top three. First one is our brand is our most powerful asset, and we're driving momentum and desirability. As we cut through culture and appeal across generations through a variety of platforms, I actually think we have probably one of the most diversified broadest marketing programs in our space, ranging from the fashion show we did recently at New York Fashion Week, to two sports partnerships, Wimbledon and Ryder Cup U.S. Open just this last quarter through dressing celebrities like Beyonc, you heard that in the prepared remarks to actually influencers wearing us spontaneously to gaming with Fortnite. So, a broad range of activities. We continue to invest in our brands for the long term, and we're seeing consumers respond to that. The second point, which is actually quite important during challenging periods like this for consumers is our iconic core products anchor us think beautifully made casual wear sweaters, maybe blazers, tweet jackets, Oxford shirts, really the foundations of a wardrobe. And these timeless products deliver through cycles and when things get more challenging, we know consumers tend to gravitate back to core products, products, and brands they know and trust. And in addition to that, we continue to have significant growth opportunities in women's and in outerwear. And then the third point, and you heard this in our prepared remarks, is our DTC channels are really where we can best control the consumer experience -- these channels today represent two-thirds of our business. So, DTC is two-thirds of our flooring business, different picture than a few years ago. And as you saw, actually, our performance in that channel is accelerating with positive comps across every channel, brick-and-mortar and digital across every region. So, in addition to this, I think we've also built over the past few years an agility muscle that's integrated into our operating model. And I think you saw this in this past quarter. For example, we made fast product assortment changes, leaning even further into our core products in order to improve traffic and conversion in DTC, and you saw that play out in the numbers. We delivered enhanced staffing in our retail stores to improve the customer experience. And online, we also made a number of changes relative to surge and more personalized pages, which also drove to an acceleration, both from a traffic conversion and AVT standpoint in those important channels. And while we continue to elevate our brand, this wouldn't be a Ralph Lauren call if I didn't talk about AUR. You see this play out in increased AUR again this quarter, up 10% in an environment that's relatively intense from a promotional standpoint. And we are able to grow AUR double digits while having limited targeted promotional actions for our more value-oriented consumers to close the deal and drive conversion. So, listen, we're operating in a very uncertain world, but I think that's become the norm. We know how to navigate this, and our iconic brand, our multiple growth drivers, and our agility muscle really help us to stay on offense. And importantly, we have the operational discipline and the balance sheet to enable continued investment in growth. So, I think when you look across the marketplace, these are all very important differentiators and we're going to continue to focus on what we can control to win and create value in the marketplace. When it comes to wholesale since it's a jump bulging at the ball. Over to you.
Jane Nielsen : Even though I can't jump very high. Let me just frame the thinking that we have on wholesale longer term and to date. Wholesale is an important environment for us, for consumer discovery. We know from our consumer work that when a consumer buys and experiences Ralph Lauren quality, we can hook them. And so, it's an important and profitable channel for that important consumer discovery. Just from what we've done for many years, our focus on managing matching sell-in to demand and tight inventory management is something that we're doing today. Our inventories are well controlled and something that as we think about the future is something that we have to continue to lean into, along with leveraging our core, which resonates well with that consumer being able to chase into variable demand allows us to meet those consumer needs, and I think will serve us well into the long term, working with our partners to personalize our marketing with loyal consumers that we have across the channels. And then importantly, all wholesale is not created equal. There's a bifurcation between top-tier wholesale, where we're growing, and doors across the markets. Top city, top doors are performing meaningfully better the balance of fleet. And that's where we can do some interventions that Patrice described that are working in DTC, like investing capital and renovating, make sure we have great environments, investing with our partners in greater service levels. We know that, that works, those doors are performing better and is a place where we can concentrate resources and give an ROI. So, I think we have a good operating game plan and strategic game plan for wholesale. Where -- we saw pullback in about two-thirds of our doors, we evaluate every day, where should we be and looking at that on a door-by-door basis and we'll continue to do that into the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Patrice. I guess, Jane, can I follow up on the balance sheet? The balance sheet is very strong. We've heard some of your peers update their capital allocation strategies. And what Patrice just referred to as early uncertain environment, how are you planning to manage the balance sheet capital allocation going forward? Are you doing anything differently? And also, can you just elaborate a bit more in terms of I don't know, country trends or really what you're seeing throughout Europe with the outlook that you've given us again? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen : Sure. Thanks for the question. The current operating environment is volatile. But our performance through it makes us even more committed to our strong balance sheet and culture of operating discipline, all of the things that are really critical to our Fortress Foundation with the agility of our team, it's what really enables us to continue to drive the plans through tougher times. And we think that our focused foundation and the way we manage our balance and our commitment to capital allocation is increasingly a strong differentiator for us -- and we're always interesting and interested in doubling down on just differentiation. So, I think the short answer is we're going to continue on passionate about discipline in managing our balance sheet and sticking with our capital allocation principles, which drives growth and investments and return capital to shareholders. And it's not just words and principles, it's producing results for our shareholders. We're on track with our capital allocation and shareholder return commitments that you heard us talk about at Investor Day. At the halfway mark, we returned about $1 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Our cash position remains extremely strong. We're in a net cash position, and our leverage is nearing our historical levels and those levels are usually low with our targeted one-time to two times EBITDA leverage. And our inventories are clean. Our inventories are down 5% this quarter with units down double digit. And importantly, North America inventory was down double digits and Europe in constant currency was down mid-single digits. Again, we expect to end the year tight inventory discipline that inventory will be down as we exit the year, improving our overall terms. So, we're more committed than ever Just on the country trends that we're seeing across Europe.
Patrice Louvet: I'll jump on that training balls. So, Bob, I think there are a few observations that apply to all the regions, and then I'll give you specifics for each individual one. So, the observations applied to all the regions is environment is choppy, but our core consumer remains resilient, right? And we're seeing actually a nice growth with our core consumer a higher value, less price-sensitive consumer, and that's true across all three regions. We're also seeing really good performance this quarter. I think it's one of the highlights of the quarter in our DTC channels across all the regions. So, every channel, every region, positive comp growth, brick-and-mortar and digital. Third area is we are continuing to recruit new consumers, and we're continuing to recruit new consumers in Asia, in North America, and in Europe, higher value, less price-sensitive younger consumers. And our general internal metrics of traffic and ADT and AUR are consistently up across all three regions. So those are common elements. We have seen improvement in our outlets with our, particularly our more value-sensitive consumers. The interventions that Jane and I have been talking about have been impactful during the past quarter. So, we're quite encouraged by the strengthening that we've seen in our outlet channel and our ability to really connect with that smaller consumer group, but still they are a value-oriented consumer. Now if I look at things by region. So North America, our biggest region, down 1%. Again, DTC growing right, comps up 4% in DTC and North America, growing across all the channels. The pressure Jane mentioned, it is more in wholesale. And here, we have differentiation between high-end wholesale, as you highlighted, Jane, the markets of this world where we are growing the top doors of our largest partners where we are also basically flattish, and then the doors that are more challenged are kind of think to 100 and beyond. And we have an action plan to go strengthen that, that you heard from Jim. In Europe, on the face of it, we're down 1%, actually, if you do like-for-like, we're actually up, I think, 3%. If you take to remove the timing shifts from a wholesale standpoint. Likewise, here, we're seeing strong performance in DTC across all the channels and wholesale continues to be challenged, again, on the space of it. But if you take the timing shifts out, actually wholesale grew in Q2 in Europe. And we're seeing a really nice rebound with one of our largest partners in Europe. So that's quite encouraging for the future. In Asia, we're up 13% on a constant currency basis, nice diversified growth across our key markets, China being the fastest-growing region for us there, up 20%, both Mainland and HMT. So, we're feeling really good about the continuing momentum we have in that region. The brand is resonating. The product offering is connecting nicely, and the teams are doing an excellent job executing our key city ecosystem approach in our top six cities Japan delivered a nice quarter with double-digit growth, and Japan is not yet benefiting from the return of group tourism from China. So, there's more growth to come down the road in that part of the region. And then we've seen solid growth across Southeast Asia and the balance of the region. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a sense of commonalities, a lot of common elements across the different regions and then what's unique to each individual one...
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matt Boss : Great. Thanks. Patrice, so maybe could you elaborate on the structural building blocks that you've put in place, which you think drove the material acceleration at direct-to-consumer here today? And then how you see the brand position in the holiday to potentially continue to take share? And then, Jane, could you just outline the drivers of the raised gross margin outlook for this year? And if there's any change to mid-teens operating margins as the target as we think to next year?
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Matt. So, our game plan continues to be driven by our overall goal, which is and strategy, which is brand elevation across our three pillars: brand building, driving the core, and expanding to more from a product standpoint, and expanding our TCD ecosystem. What we have seen in terms of short-term interventions that have really resonated well in DTC have been the work that we've done on products leaning harder into core because during these challenging times, as I mentioned earlier, consumers are gravitating towards core products. And for us, those are our more elevated products, so less seasonal items, less tees shorts and fleece and what are truly iconic Ralph Lauren products, jackets, Oxford shirts, heat separate, cable mix sweaters. That's on product. When it comes to digital, part of the improvement has been also driven by an enhanced search capability that we've implemented as well as different brand presentations for our ADT product description pages, which are driving both traffic, ADT and conversion -- for our outlets in particular, we relooked at our staffing model to make sure that we're providing the consumer with a great experience every single day and hour of the week. And that shift has actually translated into stronger traffic, stronger ADT, stronger AUR across the channel. And then I referred to our broad marketing program earlier, and I think the team is doing a really nice job making sure that each individual element is connecting with that target customer and we're seeing the benefits of that. And then finally, I would add, as Jane and I mentioned earlier, that for those more value-oriented consumers, we have done in a very limited and very targeted way promotional activity that has helped close the sale with them. And what we're pleased about is this inherent agility that we built into our model over time, enables us to continue to grow AUR six year in a row and have the flexibility to be pointed on promotional activity where needed most relevant in those more value-oriented channels. In terms of how we're set up for holiday, I think we're actually well positioned. We've got a game plan that's clear. We're executing the strategy that we have had in place for some time now. We are seeing consumers respond nicely to both our marketing and our product offering. And while we're keeping an eye on the volatility of the situation. We feel good about the momentum we have going into the holiday period. You saw the vast number of marketing activities we had in Q2, that gives us momentum going into the holiday season. The pivot on product that we've been able to make positions us really nicely in terms of showcasing our core strength, which is our iconic propositions. And each channel, each region has the flexibility and the agility to respond to what we see in the market. So, while we recognize the environment continues to be choppy and will likely be for the foreseeable future, I think we're well positioned coming into holiday.
Jane Nielsen : Just on gross margin, Matt, we're really pleased to raise our outlook to 120 basis points to 170 basis points of gross margin expansion in constant currency for this year. There are really three primary drivers. Freight, we are seeing upside in freight, notably in ground transportation that's more than offsetting cotton headwinds now. So, more opportunity in freight -- we are also seeing upside in AUR. We put up a double-digit AUR growth this quarter while growing gross margin and reigniting DTC. So, we believe that for Q3 and Q4, we have upside to our AUR and channel mix. The acceleration in DTC that Patrice called out in Q2, we'd expect that performance to continue for the balance of the year. We still have a cost headwind in cotton. But again, I think we've more than fully offset that. And we're seeing some of our productivity initiatives flow through, as we said, a little more balanced in COGS than in SG&A, but we are realizing those productivity initiatives, and that's gross margin as well. So very encouraged by that. And as we look at the progress we've made this year, there's no change in our Investor Day guidance to mid-teens constant currency OI growth. We remain firmly committed to that goal and firmly committed to our outlook in FY '24, while recognizing that we're operating in a highly volatile environment. We know what we need to do we need to continue our top-line growth. We need to continue to drive our cost productivities. And we need the investments that we're making and the investments that we're making, we know will pay off not only in the second half but into FY '25. So, we're happy to remain committed, and to our Investor Day guidance of mid-teens.
Operator: The next question comes from Rick Patel with Raymond James.
Rick Patel : Thank you, good morning, and congrats on strong execution in a tough macro. I was hoping you could help us understand the higher comps in the outlet channel impressive results given the pressure on the consumer there. Can you talk about the changes that you implemented that drove that result and how we should think about the sustainability of that growth going forward?
Patrice Louvet: Sure. It's really the execution of the different strategic pillars that we have in place. So first, I think as we talked earlier, be leaning into our core products and we see consumer -- strong consumer response, both on our men's business, very strong response on our women's business, strong improvement on our kids business. So, leading into core products, it's been intervention one, Rick, that's going to keep going, right? Intervention number two has been customer experience and making sure that we're servicing the customer in the right way, consistently throughout the week.  And we know we have some opportunities to rebalance staffing and strengthen staffing in some areas to make sure that the customer walking through the door was getting the type of experience that they deserve from Ralph Lauren. Point number three is marketing activities and targeted marketing activities for that shopper for that consumer, leveraging both the centers, capabilities, and platforms and our own database. And then point number four, relates specifically to connected retail and how we leverage our connected retail capabilities. Now I don't know if you've been in some of our outlets recently, but we've implemented endless aisle screens, for example, where now you can shop the entire catalog from that store, full price outlet, anything that's available within the Ralph Lauren catalog, we also have digital clienteling for outlet customers, which has also been useful and driven the performance this past quarter and are structural. So, will continue to pay benefits moving forward. And then finally, as I highlighted earlier, for those more value-oriented consumers who need that little support to close the deal we have been able to implement limited targeted promotional activity further more value-oriented consumers while still being able to expand the AUR in that channel. So, five core interventions. I'm really proud of how nimble the organization has been as we've read consumer behavior, competitive environment. And we feel good that these interventions will serve as well through holiday and beyond.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi, good morning, everyone. Congratulations on the nice improvement. One of the things I noticed is when you talked about your core product and the improvement that you saw just in the core product, I think it was up high single digits compared to the first quarter up mid-single digits. In addition to the continuing strength of the women's outerwear and home business is up low double digits. In the core business, anything new on pricing, newness and product that you're seeing there that could continue as we move forward.  And then on the AUR growth of 10%, how are you thinking of the magnitude of AUR growth for the balance of the year? And with new introductions like the RL 888, is that helping to drive AUR growth? And are you seeing anything different by region? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Dana. So, in terms of evolutions in our core products and products in general, what we're seeing is the consumer really gravitating towards this sophisticated casual, more elevated style. Right. And that's been consistent. We're seeing that both across men's and women. That really plays nicely to what Ralph and the teams have built over time, which is this notion of quality, luxury, authenticity, that's pretty -- I think, pretty unique to Ralph Lauren, and these are the categories that I highlighted earlier. So, our cash near cable mid-waters our tweet jackets, our garment dye Oxford shirts as illustration of that. We're going to continue to drive that. I think -- that's what consumers are looking for right now as they are more total in where they invest. They want to invest in pieces that are timeless, but they can wear beyond one specific season. So, we feel that's one intervention. Second intervention, which you will likely have seen, Dana, because you're quite close to all this, is the elevation that we're doing on Polo with the expansion of silver label. We had a beautiful campaign recently filmed in Goodwood, the Goodwood Festival that kind of highlights these beautiful new products so leather outerwear, suits, beautiful sweaters. And you're going to see us continue to lean into that because we're seeing strong consumer response within that. And then on the women's side, you highlighted it. We've been really pleased with the continued momentum we're seeing on women's, both on Polo, on collection, and on Laurence. So, across our women's portfolio. And again, these are iconic Ralph Lauren styles that you know well and that are really resonating with consumers right now?
Jane Nielsen : Just on the near-term trajectory of AUR, as you mentioned, up 10% this quarter, we do expect there to be -- that we are past the peak of product cost pressures. So, the pressure to price with inflation a bit slightly in the balance of the year. But I think we're planning on AUR being in the high single-digit range as we close out the year. So again, strong AUR growth, what we're seeing is that consumers are penetrating into our higher-priced products. So, we're seeing a penetration increase into products over $100. We're also seeing our new consumers penetrate the new consumers that we're recruiting penetrate into higher AUR products, so higher individual products and higher basket. That's really given us the flexibility to do what Patrice talked about, which is reach a more value-oriented consumer with some highly targeted discounts, leveraging our one-to-one marketing personalization so that we can reach them directly. I don't expect to change in our AUR journey in the near term. And as you'll recall, AUR is really for us is about many levers.  It's founded in the brand elevation journey that we're continuing -- and you'll see us continue our product mix elevation, which is going to where the consumers -- where consumer demand is going, but also building that agility and flexibility for us to continue to expand gross margins we took up our guidance and continue to drive strong DTC growth.
Patrice Louvet: Dana, the way we talk about it a lot with our marketing teams is the following model: trade-in trade up, trade across, right? And those are the three kind of levers for us to drive growth. And given the breadth of our product offering and our lifestyle proposition, we have significant trade-up opportunities. So maybe sell less T-shirts, but more tweet jackets, more RL 888 bags, more outerwear, more So trade-up is a significant growth opportunity, which will serve us for years, if not decades. Trade across same thing. We bring you -- we trade you in and then there are so many different categories we can trade you across. So, I think these levers of growth kind of, again, roll back up to the diversification of growth drivers that this company now has.  All right. It is time to close. So, thank you for joining us today and we look forward to sharing our third quarter results with you in February. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-08-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's first quarter fiscal 2024 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, our financial performance will be discussed on a constant currency basis. Our reported results including foreign currency can be found in this morning's press release. We will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guaranteed, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Corey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We started year two of our next great Chapter Accelerate plan with continued progress on our long-term strategic commitments. Our solid first quarter performance highlights both the power of our iconic brand around the world and our diversified engines of growth. First quarter results exceeded our expectations on both the top and bottom line in what continues to be a highly dynamic global operating environment. We delivered positive comps, stronger value perception and luxury credentials and targeted ecosystem expansion across our top cities in the period. Our growing brand desirability also drove double-digit AUR growth on top of last year's strong gains. And we will continue to invest in our product quality and sustainability, selling environments and authentic brand messaging to sustain our growth and long-term pricing power in the marketplace. At the same time, we continue to balance this growth with a relentless focus on agility and operational discipline to respond to evolving market dynamics. This enables our operating profit and margin expansion even as we invest for the long-term. We continue to be mindful of macro inflationary challenges facing our more value-oriented consumers, particularly in North America. That said, we are more than offsetting softness from this cohort with growth in our full price businesses. Turning to the first quarter. Our solid performance was guided by our 3 strategic pillars to drive long-term growth and value creation. These are, first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand, second, drive the core and expand for more, and third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Let me take you through a few highlights across each of these strategic pillars. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. We are investing in our most powerful asset, our timeless iconic brand to inspire and engage our consumers, drive brand desirability in the market and ultimately grow lifetime value. We continue to diversify and optimize our marketing across a variety of media and platforms as we deliver a clear, differentiated story to our target consumers in order to trade them in, across and up our lifestyle portfolio. During the quarter, first, we drove some of our highest engagements globally through iconic celebrity dressing moments. This was led by Jennifer Lopez at the Met Gala in May, delivering over 8 billion global media impressions and her look landed on multiple best dress lists across TV, digital, social and print outlets. Other celebrity highlights included Taylor Swift, spotted on the streets of New York in our Wellington bag and all white Polo Ensemble; Singer and Actress, Crystal Young in Cannes. First Lady, Jill Biden at the Coronation of King Charles. And you may have caught a recent episode of, And Just Like That, which features characters Charlotte and Rock, outfitted in Ralph Lauren at a fun fictional polo photo shoot, highlighting the multigenerational appeal of our brand. Second, we have worked to reinforce our luxury lifestyle positioning through iconic lifestyle partnerships and activations in key global cities. We paired our recent Milan flagship openings with key campaigns to fuel excitement in this influential fashion capital this spring. This included the return of men's Purple Label to Milan Fashion Week in June and our second annual participation at Salone del Mobile, part of Milan Design Week, where we showcased our emerging home business. Similarly, across Europe and Asia, we drove brand heat through experiential events like our California Dreaming key city takeovers, exclusive private client events and influencer campaigns to build our presence in both new and existing ecosystems from Paris to Shanghai, Tokyo and Seoul. And most recently, we reinforced our leadership in the world of sports with another successful Wimbledon sponsorship, where we delivered our highest ever results on social conversations on-site merchandise sales and global PR impressions. Ralph Lauren truly embodies the heritage and tradition of this iconic tournament. In addition to our beautiful Encore presence, we also captured our iconic spectator style on celebrities and influencers like Ariana Grande and David Beckham, which we amplified globally. Together, these activations are both reengaging existing customers, while also attracting new high-value consumers to our business. In our DTC businesses, we added 1.2 million new consumers in the first quarter consistent with recent trends. This continues to skew increasingly toward next-generation under 35 consumers. And we reached 53.5 million social media followers globally, a high single-digit increase to last year driven by Instagram, Line, TikTok, WeChat and other key platforms. And our online search trends continue to outpace our peers globally, driven by spring icons and accessories. Moving to our second key initiative, Drive the Core and Expand for More. Ralph and our design teams continue to create sophisticated timeless products that meet our customers' modern lifestyle, underpinned by the quiet luxury that is a hallmark of our brand. Starting with our iconic core products, which typically represent about 70% of sales and are a consistent driver of our business, season after season. Our core grew mid-single digits in the first quarter, ahead of total company growth and penetration to total sales increased by 350 basis points, underscoring the importance and resilience of our icons through choppier times. This was led by our iconic cable knit sweaters and cardigans, linen shirts and chinos, double net sweatshirts, rugby shirts and tailored suit separates. We continue to see evidence that consumers are turning to brands they know and trust and styles that have longevity beyond one season. Our roots in quality and timeless style remain a competitive advantage in this context, supporting our strengthening value proposition. Our core also establishes the foundation and credibility to grow our high-potential categories. These include women's, outerwear and our emerging home business. Together, these high potential categories increased low double digits in the quarter. Women's, our largest long-term opportunity, continues to outpace total company performance, supported by our Spring '23 California Dreaming collection inspired by the natural beauty, optimism and glamor of the West Coast, Polos, day dresses and lightweight skirts in seasonal florals and silks, newer wide-like bottoms and encouraging growth in our Polo ID handbags. Other special releases this quarter included the launch of our Polo Mirum sneaker, our first luxury sneaker that is 100% plastic-free. Leveraging our investment in natural fiber welding, Mirum is made with an innovative combination of natural rubber, cotton, cork and plant oil. Looking ahead, we will continue to leverage the breadth of our brand and assortments to meet consumers' evolving lifestyles. Switching to our third key initiatives, winning key cities with our consumer ecosystem. We remain committed to developing our key city ecosystems around the world, with a focus on elevating and connecting all of our consumer touch points across every channel. At the same time, we are clearly pivoting our business toward direct-to-consumer, which already represents about 2/3rds of our sales. Our investments in high-quality new customer recruitment and increasingly elevated distribution are working. Our full-price retail channels led the growth in the quarter, consistent with recent trends. This is helping to mitigate near-term inflationary headwinds facing a subsegment of more value-sensitive consumers. Our positive retail comps were supported by continued momentum in our core Polo products and luxury collections, along with improving foreign tourist sales and successful clienteling by our dedicated sales teams. This performance more than offset continued pressure in our outlet comps, which were challenged by a more promotional North American market. We opened a select number of iconic World of Ralph Lauren stores in the quarter, notably in Amsterdam, Tainan and Kuala Lumpur, featuring an elevated assortment and prime luxury adjacencies. These stores are designed to anchor our city presence and drive desirability and engagement with consumers. We opened a total of 28 new stores and concessions, focused on our top cities globally this quarter, with the majority again in Asia, particularly in China. China sales accelerated to more than 50% growth with easier compares following last year's Shanghai lockdowns. We were particularly encouraged by our strong 6/18 performance, which outpaced peers and reinforced our new customer acquisition in the market. And over 40% of our transactions were generated from new consumers. Looking ahead, we still expect China to remain one of our fastest-growing markets. Within our digital businesses, sales for our total Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem, including our directly-operated sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce were flat this quarter. Strong growth in our international markets more than offset declines in North America, where the digital channel has also become more promotional. This quarter's digital performance was clearly below our long-term targets, and we implemented key interventions during the quarter, which will continue into the fall season. Encouragingly, we started to see improvement in our North America digital trends from June onward, as Jane will discuss in a moment. And finally, touching on our enablers. In addition to our strategic priorities, our business continued to be supported by our 5 key enablers. I'll share a few highlights from the quarter. As part of our ongoing work to deliver superior operational capabilities, we are implementing process improvements and new tools to streamline our value chain and drive long-term margin opportunities. Our recent work has resulted in a 25% reduction in our overall Spring '24 SKU count, even as we continue to develop our high-potential categories. Within citizenship and sustainability, we were proud to be recognized as a top-rated ESG performer by Sustainalytics as we work to embed sustainability in all we do. And within our people and culture, we were recently named a best company for women to advance by parity.org for the fourth consecutive year. In closing, Ralph and I are energized by our team's solid start to this fiscal year. We continue to focus on offense, agility and pragmatism in these dynamic times. And we believe Ralph Lauren is firmly in a position of strength to deliver on our strategic commitments. Underpinned by Ralph's timeless vision and the strength of our iconic brand, we have diversified levers of growth across geography, channel and category, a broad lifestyle portfolio of products that consumers know and trust and that we are actively flexing with consumer needs, and strong foundational enablers to support long-term growth and value creation from our talented people, innovative technology and supply chain to our balance sheet and muscle of operational discipline. With that, I'll hand it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. We delivered a solid start to fiscal '24, with first quarter results ahead of our expectations. This quarter's performance demonstrates the broad-based strength of our strategy and the agility of our teams in a highly dynamic global operating environment. This gives us confidence in delivering on both our long-term commitments as well as the fiscal '24 outlook we outlined in May. We drove positive first quarter revenue growth, exceeding our guidance. We returned to gross margin expansion this quarter with clean inventories, all while overcoming peak raw material costs and our culture of cost discipline enabled us to deliver 100 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion to 13.7%, with operating profit dollars up 9%. We continue to make important investments in our business while delivering strong shareholder returns, including roughly $100 million in the form of dividends and share repurchases this quarter. Our first quarter financial performance underscores our position of strength through dynamic times. Let me take you through some of the highlights from the quarter. Total company revenues in the first quarter increased 1% above our outlook. Strong performance in Europe and Asia more than offset a decline in North America, which was negatively impacted by a wholesale timing shift into the prior quarter, as noted on our last call. Our digital ecosystem sales were about flat with growth in international offsetting a decline in North America. Total company adjusted gross margin expanded 130 basis points versus last year to 69.3%. This was above our outlook, driven by lower freight expense and 15% AUR growth, along with favorable channel, geographic and product mix. The cost of raw materials, notably cotton, continued to be a headwind in the quarter as expected. Looking ahead, we plan to continue leveraging price to offset cost inflation, which will moderate this fall from peak spring '23 levels. As a reminder, our long-term approach to AUR continues to be a multipronged strategy driven by product mix elevation, more personalized and targeted promotion, select like-for-like increases based on competitive benchmarking, disciplined inventory management to limit excess and favorable geographic and channel mix shifts. We expect these drivers to continue delivering positive, albeit a more modest level of AUR growth longer term. Adjusted operating expenses increased 40 basis points to 55.6% of sales in the first quarter. Marketing was 6% of sales compared to 7% last year. As noted on our last call, we are shifting a higher proportion of marketing and ecosystem investments into the second quarter of this fiscal year, driving expense deleverage in Q2. However, we continue to expect full year marketing at around 7% of sales, consistent with our long-term guidance. Moving to segment performance, starting with North America. First quarter revenues decreased 10%. This included about 5 points of negative impact from the normalized timing of spring wholesale shipments following last year's supply chain disruption, as previously noted. The rest of the decline was largely driven by continued inflationary pressures on our more value-oriented consumers. In North America Retail, first quarter comps declined 6%, following a 5% increase last year. We continued to deliver strong growth in our Ralph Lauren stores while performance was softer than expected in outlet and digital. In our channels with exposure to value-oriented consumers, notably outlet, inflation continues to pressure consumer spending and the competitive set has grown increasingly promotional. Our North American digital business was also pressured in April and May. However, we delivered improved trends toward the end of June, as we implemented key actions to improve our sales and conversion in the channel. Looking ahead, we expect to drive modest sequential improvement in our retail business through the rest of fiscal '24. We have proactively adjusted our Fall '23 buys to focus on our core. We are launching new digital enhancements as well as our Canada digital flagship this fall. And we are making key investments in personalized communication and leveraging selective promotions to drive conversion and keep inventories healthy. These actions remain consistent with our initial guidance for fiscal '24. In North America Wholesale, revenues decreased mid-teens to last year. The return to a normalized cadence of spring deliveries had a 12-point negative impact on our growth in the channel this quarter. Our wholesale AUR increased 11% as we continued to elevate our product mix while keeping our wholesale inventories clean. We remain cautious on the channel through the rest of this year on softer reorders and broader challenges in the channel. Moving on to Europe. First quarter revenues increased 7%, while this was ahead of our expectations, the first quarter included a roughly 5-point benefit from earlier timing of Fall '23 wholesale deliveries. Retail comps were up 2% on top of a strong 34% compared to last year, which benefited from a sales resurgence post-Omicron. Brick-and-mortar comps rose 1%, led by Ralph Lauren stores. Europe AUR increased mid-teens in the quarter. Our Europe's digital ecosystem grew mid-single digits in the quarter, driven by an 8% comp in our own digital commerce and the wholesale timing shift, which also benefited our digital accounts. Europe wholesale increased 11%, driven by the earlier fall shipments. While this timing shift will negatively impact our wholesale sell-ins by an estimated 4 points in both Q2 and Q3, respectively, it should also position us well to capture full price sales in season. Aside from the wholesale timing shifts, we are maintaining our full year fiscal '24 Europe outlook of low single-digit growth reflecting our continued caution on the macro environment and digital wholesale channel. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 18% with growth across each of our key markets, led again by China. China accelerated to more than 50% growth as we lap significant COVID-related restrictions in the prior year period. Our brands demonstrated strong momentum during the Golden Week and 6/18 Festival. First quarter sales in Japan increased high-single digits despite a slow recovery in inbound tourism and our continued near-term caution on the market. Within our other nonreportable segments licensing revenue declined high single digits, in line with our plan. The decline reflects the previously disclosed transition out of our Lauren Men's suiting license as part of our broader brand elevation strategy. The exit will continue to impact segment results for the remainder of the fiscal year until we lap it in fiscal '25. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet continues to be an important element of our Fortress Foundation, enabling us to balance strategic investments in our brand and business with returning cash to shareholders. We ended the first quarter with $1.7 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. We are tightly controlling our inventory levels and driving efficiencies with net inventory up 1% this quarter, in line with our top line growth. Increases in Asia and Europe were largely offset by a high single-digit decline in North American inventories. We expect second quarter inventory growth to continue moderating, which should position our brands well ahead of the important holiday season. Looking ahead, our outlook remains based on our best assessment of the current macroeconomic environment, including inflationary pressures and other consumer spending-related headwinds and foreign currency volatility among others. For fiscal '24, we still expect constant currency revenues to increase low single digits. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact reported revenues by about 20 basis points due to unfavorable shifts in Asian exchange rates versus our prior outlook. We continue to expect top-line growth to be led by Asia, up double digits, followed by low single-digit growth in Europe. We still expect a low single-digit decline in North America based on softer spring trends in the first half and wholesale timing shifts in Q1. We continue to anticipate operating margin expansion of approximately 30 to 50 basis points in constant currency to 12.3% to 12.5%. Foreign currency is expected to have a roughly neutral impact on full year operating margin. We now expect gross margin to expand about 100 basis points with reduced freight costs, favorable geographic and channel mix and continued growth in AUR, more than offsetting cotton inflation. Gross margin expansion is anticipated to more than offset higher operating expenses as we invest in the key strategic initiatives outlined at Investor Day, particularly around digital and key city ecosystem expansion as well as marketing and sustainability. Relative to our Investor Day base period, guidance implies about 80 to 100 basis points of operating margin expansion when compared to fiscal '22, holding currency constant, on track with our long-term targets. For the second quarter, we expect revenues to be flat to slightly up in constant currency, led by growth in Asia. We remain cautious on North America but expect sequential improvement following Q1's negative timing shifts. Conversely, we expect second quarter Europe and digital ecosystem sales to be sequentially weaker, both due to the earlier fall shipments reported in Q1. Excluding the shift, we expect underlying trends in Europe to be more in line with our full year outlook for the region of low single-digit growth. We expect second quarter operating margin in the range of 9% to 9.5% in constant currency and 9.5% to 10% on a reported basis. We expect constant currency gross margin expansion of 40 to 60 basis points to be more than offset by higher operating expenses due to the timing of strategic investments as previously indicated. This includes key digital ecosystem and marketing investments, notably the shift of our fashion show into the second quarter from the third quarter of last year. From a cadence perspective, our outlook implies stronger revenue growth in the second half of the year, driven by our merchandising actions, marketing activations for fall holiday and the investments just noted. In addition, we will start to lap negative inflationary impacts from the second half of last year. We continue to expect operating margins to expand in Q3 and Q4 and for the full year on both a reported and constant currency basis. We now expect our tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 24% for the full year and roughly 21% to 22% for the second quarter. And capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $250 million to $275 million. In closing, inspired by Ralph's enduring vision. Our teams around the world continue to demonstrate agility and dedication every day as we execute on our next great chapter, Accelerate plan. While we remain acutely attuned to the near-term challenges facing certain areas of our business, we believe in our strategic priorities, investing in lifelong consumer relationships, leveraging our powerful core products in high potential categories and developing our key city ecosystems. These priorities, combined with our passionate teams, put us in a position of strength to continue to deliver our commitments and drive long-term value creation. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Matt Boss with JPMorgan.
Matt Boss: So Patrice, to take a step back, your first quarter total company results outperformed expectations on a consolidated basis. But your first quarter and your outlook are still below the long-term guidance for North America. So do you believe you can still achieve your long-term Investor Day top line algorithm? And then Jane, any change or just what is your confidence in mid-teens operating margins next year for the company?
Patrice Louvet: Mike, thank you for your question. Yes, first of all, overall, our teams did a very good job delivering on our top and bottom-line commitments. For this quarter, even with ongoing challenging backdrops across the different regions. As you know, our strategy has multiple growth engines, meaning resilience is embedded in our strategy and in our plan. If you look at it across regions and then we'll zoom into North America. Our second largest business, Europe continues to hold up well despite macro headwinds. We're also feeling very good about the way our performance came in on China and broader Asia. You saw China up 50% this quarter. And while North America is facing some pressure in the near term, our core consumer, which is a more elevated consumer continues to be resilient, and we have the right strategies in place to drive growth well beyond these headwinds. In fact, a couple of data points to illustrate that. First of all, our value and also our luxury brand perception scores are growing faster in North America than any other region in the world. And if I provide additional perspective, if you look at it from a channel perspective, our emphasis and investments are in DTC and which is now about 2/3rds of our North America business and where we have the biggest growth opportunity. From a product perspective, we have multiple opportunities across high potential categories from outerwear to home and to women's more broadly. On brand, we continue to invest in new customer acquisition. You saw that this quarter again, $1.2 million overall, a good chunk of that coming from North America, as well as key brand moments like our upcoming U.S. Open partnership and our upcoming fashion show early September. And then finally, our key enablers here are also quite important. Our inventory levels are healthy. We go into back-to-school. We're going to go into holiday in a really good place. And our operating discipline and balance sheet give us the flexibility to continue investing in our growth to continue investing in our [indiscernible]. So we're also well positioned as conditions improve in North America and beyond. So I would say even with the near-term pressures, Matt, we're confident that we're in a strong position to perform and deliver over the long term, and that's really where all our focus is.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. And just to follow up on the second part of your question, I would say, yes, we're on track. We are still working towards our Investor Day targets. Although our performance is likely to remain a little choppy given the volatile macroeconomic conditions, we're really encouraged by our first 5 quarters of top-line and margin progress in constant currency. Importantly, I think we feel that we have the right strategy and that our multiple engines of growth give us the flexibility to lean in where we need to and where we're strong when some parts of our business are challenged. So I think that those things are what's giving us confidence. And as we look forward, we still see opportunity to reach our long-term financial algorithm.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: My question, Jane, is for you. The company continues to report strong AUR growth after 6 years of consecutive gains, how much further can the AUR journey continue? And how much runway do you realistically have? And then maybe if I can add a second one for Patrice. You touched on high potential categories in the prepared remarks. Can you just kind of take us into a little bit deeper dive on that and just tell us what's changed over the 90 days, the last 90 days, give you more confidence that those categories can be meaningful revenue growth drivers for the company over the next year plus?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jay. Stepping back a bit, we are really confident in our long-term brand elevation journey. As we said at Investor Day, we have three key drivers of long-term revenue growth, new customer recruiting, select unit growth and AUR growth. So with regards to your question and AUR specifically, we're confident in our AUR strategy and expect our multipronged approach to drive continued, albeit a more moderate level of AUR growth as we look ahead. You've seen us elevate across products, the consumer experience, stores and our brand positioning. And AUR is an output of this journey. Importantly, as we've elevated our consumer value perception metrics have continued to increase, even again this quarter. These factors taken together are really what give us confidence in our long-term AUR trajectory. That said, we're keenly aware of the current environment, and we continue to keep a really sharp focus on the value we are driving and delivering. With some of these pressures, we're seeing some of our more value-oriented consumers needless to lean in a bit more during select key consumer value-seeking moments like back-to-school and holiday and our guidance contemplates this as we move forward. As cost inflation starts to moderate ahead, we'll adjust our like-for-like pricing elements of our [AURs] [ph] strategy accordingly. And we're not expecting double-digit AUR growth every quarter from here. But overall, the elevation strategy hasn't changed, and we plan to continue AUR growth this year and beyond.
Patrice Louvet: And then, Jay, on your question regarding high potential categories. We've been really pleased with the continued strength on those businesses. If you kind of zero in on the three that we called out, so outerwear, women's more broadly with handbags being an element for that. And then, also home. Those categories delivered ahead of company trend, both in Q1 and as it did last fiscal year, actually low double digits across the board. So all 3 are in a good position. The standout is clearly women's where we have fantastic momentum across all brands within our portfolio, with probably Polo being even further highlight. And I think as we look at the capabilities needed to win across all 3 of these, we feel very nicely positioned not just for the next 2 or 3 quarters, but actually for the years to come in terms of tapping into the significant growth opportunities.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Jane, I would love to ask about the 2Q guide. I think that's where the focus is, unfortunately, near term. But just can you give us a bridge on the -- from the first quarter marketing spend I missed that number. But if you can give us a little bit more color why the operating margin will be 9.5% to 10% constant currency. And then, I saw the increase to gross margin for the full year on a CC basis. I would have expected that you saw had foresight on commodity and freight cost 90 days ago. So is the increase due to geo-mix or less promotions in the marketplace because of their inventory levels.
Jane Nielsen: All right. Laurent. Could you just repeat your question on marketing, you broke up a bit.
Laurent Vasilescu: So sorry about that. I'm overseas. I was asking if -- what the marketing spend was for 1Q as well as how do you think about the 2Q marketing spend because there's a shift with the fashion show.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Laurent, as we look at the second quarter, what we're seeing is we continue to be cautious about the overall consumer environment. You'll see, as we called out in the first quarter that the wholesale timing shift in Europe will impact us in the second quarter. You will start to see sequentially from here some improvement in what you saw in North America wholesale. And in fact, as we look at North America more broadly, I think you'll see a sequential improvement while we're still cautious, sequential improvement on the top line as we move through. And just to keep in mind in our second quarter guidance, APAC is overlapping its strongest growth of the year last year as we came out of some of the COVID-related shutdowns. On the marketing side, what you'll see in terms of our spend, this first quarter, we were about 5.7% of sales. You'll see us go to 8% of sales in marketing in the second quarter. On a dollar growth basis, that will be our peak marketing dollar growth that is as our tradition, our highest dollar spend in marketing will be in Q3, aligned with the holiday quarter. And then, as we look at your question on our second quarter OI margin, what you're really seeing is in that second quarter, you'll see the impact to OI margin of the shipments in Europe into the first quarter coming out of the second quarter. Also, as we've seen some softness in North America wholesale, we've been able to lean into our DTC channel, specifically in North America, which has a gross margin benefit, which we're calling out in our full year guidance. But carries heavier SG&A expense but is OI margin neutral. And that's playing through what you're seeing in terms of expense to leverage. And that said, on SG&A expenses overall, as Patrice mentioned, we are playing offense. So we are not pulling back on our investments in our digital platforms in Q2, we are investing to make sure that we can go live on a new website in Canada and that we will implement later in the second half, a new search engine, as well as our continued advancement of store opening. So we're not backing off building growth into the future. I do understand the investments are in Q2, but these are both long-term benefits and some benefits that will play out in the second half of the year. And then just in terms of gross margin, we're confident in our gross margin guidance. Mix shift plays a small role, but we are realizing the benefits of freight, which we called out in May, will give us about 100 basis points benefit as we move through fiscal '24. That's about offset by cotton. But as we look forward to FY '25, we expect cotton to turn into a tailwind at the very end of the quarter. We're also seeing with our AUR up 15%. We're really confident in our ability to continue to elevate with AUR as an outcome of that. And we're confident in that as we move forward, although I said it will moderate as like the need for like-for-like pricing due to inflation also moderate.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: As you talk about the pressures of the value consumer and the AUR increases, what are you seeing globally that value consumer, whether in North America, Europe or in Asia versus the more higher-end consumer and helping to drive the AUR growth. Is there a difference?
Patrice Louvet: Dana, so we actually are really pleased to see how our core consumer, which is a more elevated consumer is responding to our product offering, particularly as we pivot more towards sophisticated casual, which is really where the interest is at this point and which really plays to our core strengths of think chinos, suit separates, cable knit sweaters, Oxford shorts and those kind of things. And consumers responding well to that elevation and the core consumer represents the bulk of our business. And this is true both in Asia and even in China, where we have our highest AUR, we're continuing to drive AUR. But this trend in Europe, it's also true across North America. So core consumer is resilient around the world, responding well to our overall product offering and AUR expansion. As a reminder, our AUR is a combination, as Jane mentioned earlier, 4 different factors. Product mix, channel and region mix, were targeted like-for-like pricing and pull back on promotional activity. As far as the value-oriented consumer is concerned, we really see that dynamic primarily in North America. And that group is becoming a smaller and smaller part of our overall customer makeup because, as you know, as we recruit new consumers are recruiting new higher-value customers. I think what we're seeing with that customer, which frankly isn't surprising given the inflationary context is pressure on what they invest in, in terms of the choices that they make. Where we're seeing the greatest price sensitivity that is on our basic categories. which I might point the COVID categories. So we're seeing pressure on tees, on fleece, on shorts. But, overall, we're continuing the AUR expansion journey we are seeing our value perception continue to increase. So we're not just taking land pricing like maybe other players might. We are actually being very deliberate on elevating product elevating our storytelling, elevating our shopping experience, which drives value enhanced value perception, which then enables us to drive AUR, which gives us to change earlier for confidence that we can continue to do that as we continue to enhance the makeup of our customer base, higher value customers, resilient customers around the world.
Dana Telsey: Okay. And then just kind of get your perspective on the wholesale channel and when you see it return to stabilization even growth go forward given the timing shifts that have occurred. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: As we look at wholesale, Dana, I think it's really a story of different regional factors. So overall, what we're expecting is that in North America, as I mentioned, Q1 will be the low point in terms of wholesale growth, and we expect to build roughly sequentially as we move through the year while exiting in flat to positive range for North America wholesale. And then with Europe, we've obviously called out that the plus 10% that we saw in Europe this quarter had some opportunities that we took for full price selling to ship in a little earlier. That will have about a 4-point impact to Europe in Q2 and Q3, but we would expect Europe overall for the year to have some flat to down low single digit in our wholesale business.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Chris Nardone: So in terms of your North America retail business, how should we think about the level of promotional activity that you're embedding in your outlook for this upcoming holiday season compared to last year? And then, how should we think about top-line in North America retail? Should we also see potential improvement starting in 2Q?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks for your question, Chris. I think what we're calling out both in our guidance and in our intent is that as Patrice mentioned, we are seeing value-oriented consumers really responding during the sort of what I would say, consumer moments. And so what we've left in our algorithm is contemplated in our guidance is some select targeted promotional activity, specifically for that value consumer. So you'll see us go sharp back to school. You'll see us be sharp in key holiday moments. Black Friday, specifically. A few days leading up to Christmas, especially Cyber Monday. But what we're calling out is that we'll continue AUR growth, albeit at a more moderate rate and AUR growth that leads to gross margin expansion. So this is not at all moving away from our brand elevation strategy. It's about being agile, responding to key consumer moments in a targeted basis. And you've seen us go to the top-end of our gross margin range. So we've got a good handle on where we need to be. And I would say that if you look at our inventories up 1% this quarter, you don't have pressure to be promotional. We want to go where the consumer is going, respond to the consumer need for value at select times, but not at all be pressured in terms of moving backwards. We're about brand elevation and AUR growth, while being smart and pragmatic in this current environment. So from North America, top-line standpoint. As we've called out and we've looked at revenue, we expect North America as we put in place some key interventions like outlet interventions that we just talked about, like the digital ecosystem investments with Canda going live in Q3. Like key brand moments like the fashion show, we expect North America revenues to increase, especially in the second half where we would expect them to be in positive territory.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Jane, I was wondering if you could spend a little more time on new customer acquisition sort of success that you're seeing both domestically and internationally and sort of how you expect that to unfold over the next few quarters?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Bob, and then I'll turn it over to Patrice. We were really happy with the 1.2 million new consumers that we saw engaged with the brand in Q1. As you look backwards, you've seen us be pretty consistent on that trajectory. I think it's really an outcome of, one, the investments we've put in the brand; and two, the investments we've made in our consumer intelligence group and our use of AI and elasticity models to really drive more personalized communication with these new consumers and is really an important part of our AUR and revenue growth turn. We're now, if you think back when we used to promote to drive new consumers, our next great chapter strategy has really been about enticing higher-value consumers into the brand with content and products that they respond to and being available in channels where they want to shop.
Patrice Louvet: Yes, Bob, I would add probably three things. First of all, we're seeing this growth of new consumers consistently over time, right, because every quarter, we are talking about 1 million to 1.5 million new consumers. So we've got an engine that's delivering consistently. And it's delivering consistently around the world. This is not just dependent on more emerging market growth. So we're excited about that, both in our core markets like North America, Europe and also Asia. The second point is this is really the outcome of how we've expanded our marketing activity portfolio, which now ranges from powerful experiential fashion moments like the one we're about to do early September, what we just did in along with men's. Two, high-impact celebrity dressing. You saw some of the highlights for the past quarter and we're doing this consistently. Through partnerships with key sports platforms they're really resonating particularly with that younger consumer. Two, now presence in gaming and metaverse related activity that's also helping us engage in a different environment. Two fantastic work by our teams in the markets on social media platforms, right? You heard the numbers earlier today, 53.5 million, new followers on social media across all the different platforms around the world. So this engine that's been put in place that has a diversity of activities that's targeted to different generations, different genders. That's enhancing brand equity is the engine that will consistently drive new customer acquisition. We talk a lot about AUR when it comes to Ralph Lauren, but it's important to remember that our growth algorithm is dependent on three elements. New consumer recruiting, select unit growth and AUR and we feel really good about all three.
Operator: Sitting in for Paul Lejuez, we have Tracy Kogan with Citigroup.
Tracy Kogan: Two questions. I was hoping you could just detail some of the drivers in the women's business. And what's the growth in the Lauren brand versus the Polo product? And then, secondly, I was hoping you could talk about, I think you said your U.S. wholesale AUR was up 11%. And I was wondering what you expect for wholesale AUR for the year and whether you're getting any pushback from your wholesale partners on price increases you may have taken in the U.S.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So the key success drivers behind our overall women's portfolio are really the three key factors. First of all, we have a product offering that's really resonating with our target consumer. And if you think about what's happening around the world right now and there's a lot of conversations around quiet luxury. What Ralph Lauren has stood for from the time this company was founded 56 years ago, has been quality, has been timeless style, has been confidence in what you're buying, and that's what consumers are looking for today, and particularly what women are looking for today. So the way this is translating from a product category standpoint, is Growth in Linen, growth in suit separates, growth in our dresses business. We're starting to see some early exciting momentum on our handbag business, and this is playing out across both collection, Polo and Lauren. The other element that's actually really supporting, particularly our Polo and our Lauren business is the elevation work that we're doing. It's really moving up in terms of product proposition is moving up in terms of storytelling, is moving up in terms of how we present the product, both online and in-store. I think the consumer is responding really nicely to that. As I mentioned earlier, within our high potential categories are actually our highest performing category is actually our women's business. So we have a proposition that's resonating with consumers around the world. This elevation journey is clearly connecting the product line that we offer is relevant for what consumers are looking for today, and we're very excited about what the future holds for this business.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I would just add, Tracy, that Polo Women's significantly outpaced both our total growth and led our women's growth with up high single digit with Lauren pacing about at company level of growth, a little bit ahead. So we're very encouraged by that. The second part of your question, which is wholesale AUR up 11% this quarter, we still see a strong trajectory for AUR at wholesale. But like in our DTC business, we expect that AUR growth to moderate as the like-for-like pricing moderates as inflation pressures abate. We called out the fall with our peak pressure in terms of cotton costs, we'll start to see those moderate into spring, and you'll see some moderation in our wholesale AUR. I would say the support from our retail partners has been tremendous. This has been a multiyear journey that we've partnered together on. They see the power of elevating the brand. They see the power of the brand, and we're both benefiting from improved consumer desirability that's pulling through into migration of the consumer into higher-end products. So product mix has been a factor in that. And so continued AUR elevation but similar to BGC's moderation.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen.
John Kernan: Jane, how should we think about inventory dollars? It looks like they're sitting around $1.2 billion as of the first quarter. Still you've got some easier compares, I guess, as we go through the rest of the year. Where do you think inventory dollars should land as we head towards the back half of the year? And when do you think we'll start to see some meaningful declines off of what was fairly elevated levels last year.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, John, I think that as we called out last year, you'd start to see our inventory levels moderate and align with sales. We've achieved that. Now throughout the year, I think what we plan is that you will see inventory declines as we exit the year as we start to focus on getting weeks on hand in line with pre-COVID levels. And we feel very good, not just about our outlook for declining inventory dollars, but also about the health of our inventories, how we're positioned in core, that really gives us the flexibility to be agile with demand variability. So we feel good about how we're positioned. We think we're in excellent shape relative to some of our industry peers and expect higher inventory trends as we exit the year.
Patrice Louvet: Okay. Well, listen, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our second quarter results with you in November. And until then, take care. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-05-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question and answer session.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2023 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to 1 per caller. As a reminder, last year's fourth quarter and full year included an extra week in the fiscal calendar. All growth for these periods will be discussed on a constant currency 52-week comparable basis. Reconciliations can be found in this morning's press release. During today's call, we will also be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guaranteed, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. When we met last September here in New York, we outlined our ambition to become the world's leading luxury lifestyle company and build a business that lives up to the potential of our powerful brand. As we close out the first year of our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan, we are particularly proud of the progress we have made on our strategic commitments in pursuit of this goal. Our teams around the world executed exceptionally well through a highly dynamic global operating environment to deliver another quarter and full year of strong performance. We over delivered on the top line this year with 10% constant currency growth, supported by all 3 regions. This included positive comps, further AUR growth, and brand-accretive ecosystem expansion across our top 30 cities. At the same time, we continue to balance this growth with a relentless focus on productivity and operational discipline. This is enabling us to fuel our long-term initiatives and also grow our profitability on a constant currency basis. As we called out at the beginning of fiscal '23, the global environment has been and continues to be choppy. Throughout this, our teams are demonstrating agility and flexibility to respond to evolving consumer demand and market dynamics. As we continue to drive our strategy of long-term brand elevation across every region and channel, overall, our performance this year underscore the general resilience of our core consumer, and growing desirability of our brand around the world. This translated to another quarter of double-digit AUR growth globally, even as we took targeted actions to keep our inventories clean and well positioned. We are well aware that a subset of our consumers who are more value-oriented are increasingly pressured by macro and inflationary headwinds. We expect these trends to persist in the near term, particularly in North America and Europe. While this demographic still represents a relatively high average household income, they are being more choiceful with their apparel dollars and seeking more value. In this context, we believe consumers will look to brands they know and trust and styles that have longevity beyond one season. In this environment, our roots in quality and timeless style are a competitive advantage and our growing brand desirability and value perception across all demographics support this. Turning to the fourth quarter, our successful performance was guided by our 3 strategic pillars of long-term growth and value creation. These are: first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand; second, drive the core and expand for more; and third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. Let me take you through a few of the highlights across each of these strategic pillars. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. We remain committed to investing in our most powerful asset, our timeless iconic brand, to inspire and engage our consumers and ultimately drive lifetime value. We continue to build our brand desirability with consumers while also growing their value perception of Ralph Lauren. This is enabling us to grow both market share and AUR. Our value perception increased, while our lifetime consumer value grew high single digits for both the fourth quarter and full year as we focus on trading consumers in, across and up within our lifestyle portfolio. In the fourth quarter specifically, we drove a diverse range of brand activations underscoring the unique Ralph Lauren Lifestyle. First, we continue to strengthen our leadership in the world of sports, with our annual sponsorship of the Australian Open. Now in our third year, we significantly outperformed our plan on both sales and media impressions as we successfully leveraged our Encore presence as well as our authentic partnerships with celebrities and influencers globally. Our Lunar New Year activations across Asia included our successful Polo Bear campaigns with WeChat and Kakao, helping to drive 13% growth in social followers in the region, led by tenfold growth on . At the Oscars in March, we were proud to outfit social activist and Noble Prize winner, Malala Yousafzai in a custom Ralph Lauren collection silver sequence gown. This iconic moment resonated with consumers, garnering over 8 billion media impressions globally. And as we continue to reinforce our leading position in gaming and the metaverse, we partnered with Web3 community Poolsuite as part of our Miami ecosystem launch this spring. The immersive experience included exclusive digital Ralph Lauren outfits and our first ever NFTs co-designed with Poolsuite members. Together, these activations are both reengaging existing customers while also attracting new full-price consumers to our business. In our DTC businesses, we added 1 million new consumers in the fourth quarter for a total of more than 5 million new consumers this year, consistent with our targets. This continues to skew increasingly toward next-generation under 35 consumers with whom we also drove our largest increase in luxury perception over the past year. We reached 52 million social media followers globally, a high single-digit increase to last year driven by dynamic content on Instagram, TikTok, Weibo and other key platforms. And our online search trends continue to significantly outpace our peers across our top markets globally, driven once again by our core categories. Moving to our second key initiative, Drive the Core and Expand for More. Our goal of becoming the leading luxury lifestyle company starts with our unique brand positioning in the market, which stands for so much more than a single product or category. It stands for the dream of a better life. From elevated hybrid dressing to quiet luxury, Ralph and our creative teams are delivering sophisticated, timeless products to serve our consumers across their modern lifestyles. Starting with our iconic core products, which represent about 70% of sales and remain a consistent driver of our business season after season. Our core grew low double digits in the fourth quarter, led by our spring-ready cable knit sweaters, Polos, Oxford shirts, chino shorts, relaxed tailoring and silt blend shirts and day dresses. Our core also establishes the foundation and credibility to grow our high-potential categories. These include Women's, Outerwear and our emerging Home business. Together, these high potential categories increased low teens in the quarter. Women's, our largest long-term opportunity continued to strongly outpace total company performance. Our accelerate plan focuses on trading her into the brand across categories and up to more elevated styles to drive lifetime value, with women's AUR up more than 20% in the fourth quarter. Our continued strong Women's performance was supported by strong growth in handbags as well as our global launch of Women's Polo intimates in March with a particularly strong start on ralphlauren.com. Other special releases this quarter included our Creed III movie collaboration featuring 6 limited edition looks worn by Michael B. Jordan in the film and account exclusive capsules targeted towards next-gen consumers, including our retro varsity release with ASOS, Polo Boxing Club collection with Musinsa, in Korea and icons in Madras with Beams Japan. Looking ahead, we will continue to leverage the breadth of our brand and assortments to meet consumers' evolving lifestyles. Switching to our third key initiative, Win in Key Cities with Our Consumer Ecosystem. We continue to invest in our long-term strategy to develop our key city ecosystems around the world with a focus on elevating and connecting all our consumer touch points across every channel. Starting with digital. Sales for our total Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce, increased high single digits in constant currency this fiscal year. In the fourth quarter, our Asia digital ecosystem delivered the fastest growth globally. With our owned and wholesale digital channels, both contributing to 40% growth in the quarter. We were particularly encouraged by our strong Lunar New Year performance, which significantly outpaced peers, including Women's up more than 60% and continued elevation with double-digit AUR growth. As part of our fully connected ecosystems, we also continue to open new physical stores that enable consumers to engage directly with our brands around the world. We opened 21 new stores and concessions, focused on our top cities globally this quarter. With the majority again in Asia, particularly the Chinese mainland. We are strongly encouraged by our continued brand momentum in China following the countries reopening. Through 3 years of COVID disruptions, our teams worked with agility to build our brand presence in the market. And this year's outstanding performance was a testament to those efforts. We drove full year China sales up more than 20% in constant currency, including an acceleration in fourth quarter sales up over 40%. Looking ahead, we expect China to remain one of our fastest-growing markets. We opened 2 iconic World of Ralph Lauren stores in Asia this quarter in Shenzhen Luohu Mall and Pitch Street in Sydney, representing the most elevated expression of our brand to date in Australia. And here in North America, we opened a new store in Miami's Design District, showcasing the modern elegance and exceptional craftsmanship of our luxury collections. All 3 of these iconic stores are parts of the top 30 cities we highlighted at Investor Day. They are designed to anchor our city presence and drive desirability and engagement with consumers. And finally, touching briefly on our enablers, in addition to our strategic priorities, our business continued to be supported by our 5 key enablers. Some of the achievements we were particularly proud of this year included: the launch of our first cradle-to-cradle certified product with our luxury gold cashmere sweater, being part of Fortune's world's most admired companies, moving to number two from number six last year for our sector and Fast Company's 2022 Brands That Matter List for a collaboration with Morehouse and Spellman Colleges. And finally, the Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation's $25 million grant to fund 5 cancer centers in the U.S., including our newest center in Georgetown, which opened just a few weeks ago. In closing, Ralph and I are inspired by our team's performance this year, putting the company in a position of strength to deliver on our strategic commitments even through a volatile consumer backdrop. And as the global environment remains highly dynamic, our focus on offense, agility and pragmatism remains the backbone of our approach moving forward. This year's progress on our Accelerate plan demonstrates that we have the right plan in place even as we face a more pressured environment. We have diversified levers of growth across geography, channel and category, a broad lifestyle portfolio of products that consumers know and trust and that we are actively flexing with the consumers' evolving needs and strong foundational enablers to support long-term growth and value creation from our talented people, innovative technology and supply chain to our balance sheet and muscle of operational discipline. And of course, all of this is underpinned by the strength of Ralph's timeless vision and our iconic brand, which continues to invite people all over the world to step into their dreams.  With that, I'll hand it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. We are encouraged by this year's progress on our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan, which remains on track even with numerous macro challenges that our teams have faced this year. We leveraged our strong brand, multiple strategic growth drivers and superior operational capabilities to deliver strong financial results in a dynamic environment. For the full year, we delivered 10% revenue growth in constant currency, exceeding our guidance with growth in every region. We expanded operating margin and grew profits ahead of top line growth in constant dollars, consistent with our 3-year plan. Adjusted operating margin expanded to 13.7% in constant currency, with operating profit dollars up 15%. Our continued brand elevation and culture of cost discipline were key to our strong results and provided flexibility to more than offset softer gross margins as we focused on keeping inventories clean and well positioned in the marketplace. Operating with discipline will continue to be an important element of our long-term strategic plan with productivity helping to manage changing market dynamics and fuel our investments in sustainable long-term growth. And we continue to make important investments in our business while delivering strong shareholder returns, including more than $650 million this year in the form of our dividends and share repurchases. Exiting the year, we remain confident in both our strategic direction and our fortress foundation enablers, which are allowing us to drive our strategic initiatives even through times of uncertainty. Our full year and fourth quarter financial performance underscored this position of strength through dynamic times. Let me take you through some highlights from the quarter. Total company revenues in the fourth quarter increased 9% in constant currency, above our outlook, led by double-digit growth in Asia. Results included about 180 basis points of negative headwind from the shift of the post-Christmas sales week into the fiscal third quarter from our fourth quarter last year, as previously noted. Our digital ecosystem sales declined mid-single digits in constant currency. Q4 performance included lower European pure-play results as planned, following exceptionally strong performance last year coming out of the pandemic. Sales in our owned Ralph Lauren digital sites grew mid-single digits on top of 20% growth last year. As we continue to elevate this channel, our digital AUR grew mid-teens and our full price sales penetration increased meaningfully to last year. We plan to enhance the user experience with rich digital content and even greater customer personalization in fiscal '24. In addition to the AI machine learning capabilities, we've been utilizing for areas such as inventory optimization, forecasting and consumer engagement, we've started to leverage our early learnings to test generative AI across multiple areas of our business from copy editing and graphics to computer programming. Total company adjusted comparable gross margin was about flat in constant currency, in line with our guidance. Tailwinds from product mix elevation, AUR growth of 12% and lower air freight were offset by peak levels of raw material costs, notably cotton, targeted promotions to drive conversion with our more value-oriented consumers and keep inventories healthy and higher duties in Europe. Finally, freight turned to a 100 basis point benefit in the fourth quarter compared to an 80 basis point headwind for the full year. Despite cost turbulence, our adjusted gross margins are tracking ahead of fiscal '19 pre-pandemic levels and were 170 basis points higher in the fourth quarter and 320 basis points higher for the full year. Adjusted comparable operating margin was 6.1% in constant currency or 390 basis points increased to last year. Adjusted operating expenses declined 380 basis points to last year in constant currency. Marketing was 6% of sales on a more normalized cadence of planned spending compared to 10% in the prior year period. Full year marketing was 7% of sales, in line with our annual guidance as we continue to invest in key brand moments and innovative new platforms. Adjusted operating profit grew approximately 200% in the quarter. Moving to segment performance. The shift of post-Christmas sales from Q4 last year into Q3 this year had a disproportionate impact on both North America and Europe's fourth quarter results, particularly our retail channels. This shift represented about a 270 basis points of headwind to revenue growth in North America and 120 basis points impact on Europe. Starting with North America. Fourth quarter revenues increased 2%. Stronger wholesale growth was partially offset by retail headwinds. In North America retail, fourth quarter comps declined 4% on top of a strong 21% compared last year. Similar to recent trends, strong growth in our full-price stores was offset by softer performance in outlet and digital. North America retail AUR increased another mid-single digits on top of a robust 20% growth last year, reflecting our continued brand elevation efforts around product, distribution and marketing. This helped to mitigate targeted promotion focused on our more value-oriented consumers. Looking ahead, we expect the subsegment of consumers to remain more sensitive to near-term inflationary pressures and this is reflected in our continued caution through fiscal '24. Beyond these headwinds, we are confident in the region's long-term trajectory which was reinforced by improving North America brand health metrics this past year with our strongest growth in brand awareness, perception of value for money and luxury perception. In North America wholesale, revenues grew low double digits to last year as we return to a more normalized cadence of spring deliveries following last year's supply chain disruptions. This benefited our Q4 by about 12 points, and we'll have a roughly 13-point negative impact on our first quarter wholesale growth. Adjusting for the normalized shipment cadence, this implies underlying wholesale revenue flat to last year, similar to Q3 trends. Our wholesale AUR increased high single digits to last year as we continue to elevate product and take market share at key partners. The promotion cadence at wholesale was flat to last year, in line with our expectations. Moving on to Europe. Fourth quarter revenue increased 7% in constant currency. Retail comps increased 8% on top of a 77% post-COVID reopening comp last year. Brick-and-mortar comps were up 9%, driven by positive growth in both full-price stores and outlets, while digital comps grew mid-single digits. Europe AUR increased double digits in the quarter with strong growth across channels. Europe wholesale grew 3% in constant currency. This was ahead of our expectations. However, we remain cautious on the channel into fiscal '24 on softening reorder rates and digital pure-play performance, consistent with our previous comments. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 29% in constant currency, ahead of our expectations with broad-based growth across each of our key markets led by China. China rebounded strongly to more than 40% growth in constant dollars following the loosening of the Zero COVID policies in the previous quarter, with consumers traveling domestically for the first time since the start of the pandemic. Our brand continues to show momentum following a strong Lunar New Year holiday. Korea and Japan also grew double digits on compelling assortments and brand engagement and as Japan lapped last year's COVID states of emergency. Despite meaningful COVID disruptions and foreign currency headwinds through this year, we delivered our highest ever operating profit in Asia in fiscal '23. This is a testament to the growing desirability and momentum of our brand, along with the agility of our teams as they continue to drive our key city ecosystem strategy across the region. Within our other segment, licensing grew low single digits this quarter, slightly above our plan with encouraging results from our Chaps license and Polo Women's intimates launch. Looking ahead, we will fully transition out of our Lauren Men's suiting license in fiscal '24. While this will negatively impact our licensing revenues and overall company margins by about 20 basis points in fiscal '24, the move is consistent with our brand elevation strategy. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet continues to be an important element of our fortress foundation, enabling us to balance strategic investments in our brand and business with returning cash to shareholders. We ended this year with $1.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. We returned $653 million in the form of our dividends and share repurchases this year, consistent with our long-term targets. Net inventory increased 10% with growth moderating significantly on a sequential basis as we reduced goods in transit and return to a more normalized lead times following last year's supply chain disruptions. Inventory growth still reflects higher product costs and our ongoing strategy of product mix elevation. Inventory units declined approximately 5% to last year, and are healthy as we enter fiscal '24. That said, we continue to manage our inventory positions carefully, with the majority of our products still weighted to core and seasonless product that can be flexed with demand. Looking to fiscal '24, we expect inventory levels to continue to moderate through the year and ending below prior year levels. Looking ahead, our outlook contemplates a more pressured consumer spending environment, dynamic macroeconomic conditions and foreign currency volatility, among others. We continue to plan across a range of scenarios and our guidance represents our best assessment of market conditions and resulting consumer impacts. We are taking a pragmatic approach to our plan for this year which assumes continued momentum in the full-price channels and Asia, balanced with a more challenged value consumer backdrop in North America and Europe. With an intense focus on what we control from our core iconic products and continued investments in new consumer acquisition to judicious inventory planning and operating expense discipline, we remain committed to driving progress on our long-term growth and profitability trajectory despite the dynamic global environment. Importantly, we expect to deliver both revenue growth and margin expansion this year. For fiscal '24, we are guiding constant currency revenues to increase low single digits and foreign currency to benefit reported revenues by about 20 basis points. We currently expect growth to be led by Asia, up double digits followed by low single-digit growth in Europe and a low single-digit decline in North America based on softer spring trends and Q1 wholesale timing shifts. We expect operating margin to expand approximately 30 basis points to 50 basis points in constant currency to 12.3% to 12.5%, driven by gross margin expansion of about 50 basis points to 100 basis points. Foreign currency is expected to benefit operating margin by about 10 basis points this year. Relative to our Investor Day base period, this guidance implies about 80 to 100 basis points of operating margin expansion when compared to fiscal '22, holding currency constant, on track with our long-term targets. We expect gross margin to benefit from lower freight costs, continued AUR growth and favorable product, geographic and channel mix this year. Reduced freight costs are expected to benefit gross margin by at least 100 basis points this year. We expect these tailwinds to be partially offset by about 20 basis points of negative foreign currency impact, along with continued pressure from product costs, notably cotton, through the majority of the year. For the first quarter, we expect revenues to be flat to up slightly in constant currency. On a reported basis, including 150 basis points of currency headwind, we expect revenues to be down slightly. First quarter also includes approximately 220 basis points of negative impact from the normalized timing of spring wholesale shipments following last year's supply chain disruption noted earlier. The timing shift is expected to negatively impact our North America growth by about 5 points and North America wholesale growth by about 13 points before returning to more normalized trends in Q2. We expect first quarter operating margin expansion of about 30 basis points to 50 basis points in constant currency, driven by gross margin expansion. We expect gross margins to be driven by lower freight, positive AUR growth and lower wholesale mix, partially offset by higher product costs. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact both operating and gross margins by about 50 basis points in the quarter. From a cadence perspective, we currently expect operating margin to decline in Q2 due to the timing of planned marketing and ecosystem investments and expand again in Q3 and Q4 to last year. We expect our tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25% for the full year and roughly 23% to 24% for the first quarter. And lastly, we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $275 million to $300 million, in line with our long-term guidance of 4% to 5% of sales. In closing, led by Ralph's enduring vision, our brand continues to inspire consumers across every geography. Our dedicated passionate teams around the world are operating with commitment and agility to execute on our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan. We believe our elevated brand, clear strategy and targeted investments combined with our culture of operating discipline and fortress foundation enablers put us in a position of strength to continue to drive long-term value creation. And with that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator:  The first question comes from Matt Boss with JPMorgan.
Matt Boss: Congrats on a really nice quarter. So Patrice, how are you feeling today about your long-term Investor Day guidance exiting year one? And can you help put us into context, just given the more challenged North American and European consumer that you called out for this year in the outlook? And then, Jane, could you just elaborate on your confidence in pricing power for the brand as you cited strong AUR as a continued driver for your gross margin outlook in FY '24?
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Matt, and good morning. Well, let me first reground us in the fact that we just finished an above algorithm year on revenue and on track on profit. So we continue to build our business for the long term. And this past year's progress puts us on the path to deliver on our long-term plan. So to answer your question very simply, our long-term ambitions have not changed. And this confidence is really grounded in a number of unique strengths which are particularly relevant in choppier environments. First of all, a brand that people love and desire that we are continuing to invest in. Second, core products that consumers know and trust that aren't based on seasonal fashion or trends. And we know that during choppier times, consumers tend to gravitate back to these more iconic categories and iconic products. And so for us here, think about Polo shirts, Oxford shirts, blazers, dresses and even ties are back. Third is strong operational fundamentals, which I think have been demonstrated throughout the past few years. Fourth is multiple growth levers, and you saw that play out in this quarter again. And then finally, a proven ability to flex to consumer demand. So these factors give us broad confidence that we continue to be on track with the goals that we laid out about 9 months ago. Now let me offer some perspective on how we're thinking about the consumer overall to the second part of your question, and I know this is a top of mind question for many of you on this call. First of all, I would say our core consumer is resilient. And we are seeing that around the world in Asia, in Europe and here in North America as well. And that segment is growing as we're bringing in new consumers into the Ralph Lauren family. The second point is that our consumers across every region are also responding well to our continued brand elevation strategy. This is evidenced by the fact that our brand desirability continues to strengthen, our value perception is growing, and we track this on a quarterly basis in our key markets. We're recruiting millions of new consumers, 5.2 million this past fiscal year, including growing our highest value consumers double digits, which we're particularly excited about. And all of this while expanding AUR plus 12% this quarter, plus 77% over the past 5 years. The third point I would call out is that we saw a lot of work to grow our consumer base outside of North America. And today, nearly half of our business is international and actually more than half of our profit is international. And as you saw in the last fiscal year, and particularly this last quarter, our Asia performance has been a real highlight. I'm very proud of the work that our teams have done across Asia and in particular, in China and we anticipate another year of above algorithm growth there, broader Asia. And then finally, in North America specifically, there is continued divergence between our core high-value consumers and that subset us more value-oriented consumers that we called out in prior quarter. Clearly, those more value-oriented consumers for a smaller part of our customer base and getting smaller and smaller as we bring in higher -- more higher value consumers into the Ralph Lauren family are feeling increased pressure because of inflation, because of increased interest rates. And I think you've heard this from others as well. But we believe we've appropriately embedded this caution into our guide. So Matt, we know where we're headed. We feel good about the multiple drivers in place to get there. I think we have a strong track record as a team in the business, and we'll manage this year with agility again. Jane, over to you on pricing power.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Thank you. So Matt, I would say an emphatic yes. We have pricing power that we expect to continue into the future. And I can't think of a better proof point than we saw this year, putting up 12% AUR growth to offset inflation. But importantly, I think we are uniquely positioned as we go forward because our pricing power is grounded in our brand elevation journey, and a proven multiyear strategy of executing a pricing strategy with multiple levers, not just like-for-like pricing, but product elevation, category momentum and movement, structural geographic advantages that we have that are coming through in our consumer metrics. Our consumer value perception has never been higher despite the price increases that we've taken. Our perception as a luxury brand has continued to grow and continues to grow and is certainly where our strategy intends to continue. And our model gives us flexibility because we are keenly aware of where we are in the macroeconomic time frame. But our pricing model in its multiple levels gives us flexibility to meet consumers where they are, all while still elevating the brand and you'll see us do that into the coming year.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: I have a two-part question. The first part really follows up on some of the pricing comments you just made. How does this more pressured macro environment impact your overall brand elevation strategy. Are you taking a more flexible approach to pricing or discounting in this backdrop? And then the second question is, Jane, you talked about the fortress balance sheet the company has. How is that going to let you play offense? Patrice, I've heard you used this comment that you can play offense through this tough economic environment. But what does it going to allow you to do both from an operational standpoint and a sort of a return cash to shareholder standpoint in fiscal '24?
Patrice Louvet: So I think it is fair to say that the environment has been more pressured. And listen, we expect it to stay volatile as we come into this new fiscal year. We are still -- you just heard that from Jane, we're still firmly committed to our elevation strategy, which we started well before COVID over 5 years ago. And why? Because it's working. The strategy has served us well through stronger and weaker macro backdrops. We're seeing strong consumer response to what we are doing. And I think it's pretty clear also to Matt's earlier question that our brands continue to have strong pricing power in the marketplace across every region, right? You saw AUR grew across every single region this past fiscal year, in this past quarter. And we believe this is becoming an even bigger differentiator for Ralph Lauren relative to peers in this environment. And we are guided by the consumer here, right? And as Jane mentioned, the consumer response to our brand elevation on product, on storytelling, on selling environment continues to be strong. And the AUR is an outcome of all of that, and we feel quite good about our ability to continue on this journey, and then Jane, I'll turn it over to you for some more color on the second part of Jay's question.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. And Jay, I would just add to what Patrice said on our pricing journey, that you've seen us in the last 2 quarters to be flexible while still putting up double-digit AUR growth, be flexible to the need of the more value-oriented consumer. And as we think about the coming year, we've built that flexibility into the model based on what we're seeing in consumer trends. So we feel really good about that flexibility while still continuing obviously to elevate even in a difficult environment. And then your question on the balance sheet. The balance sheet honestly gives us the flexibility to be brave and do what we need to do for our business. So you saw us during COVID be able to hold inventory when demand was a little softer. The strength of our brands have such a core assortment allowed us to do that and to make sure that we could continue our elevation journey and not be forced in discounting. It allows us to be brave in investing during times of volatility, both in marketing, which you've seen us do consistently through this reset period, and we intend to continue to do even in our guidance today, we expect marketing to be up 7% -- to be up to 7% of sales as we move into the future and to invest ahead of return on growth drivers. You saw us do that on digital, invest in local sites that take some time to pay off, but are good for the long-term health of the brand and consumer outreach and invest in doors that we know will be a halo to the brand, attract consumers and be good investments over time. So we really do believe in it as an enabler.
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen.
John Kernan: Congrats for a nice quarter. Can you talk to just North America, in particular, a lot of us can see the macro environment here getting a little bit more difficult as we went through the spring. Just wondering what you're seeing in both the wholesale channel in North America, also the outlet retail channel and how that is informing your view for North America embedded in the guidance this year.
Jane Nielsen: So what we see in wholesale is that, as we called out in the guidance, we do see a normalization of wholesale sales that were disrupted during the supply chain. And we expect that to be a heavy headwind in the first quarter. Now that's anomalous. We want to call it out. But underlying in terms of wholesale, we have seen some challenges in terms of replenishment orders and some caution in their more value-oriented consumers. So we've taken that into consideration as we've planned our inventories and know that they're taking a more cautious stance in both North America and in Europe, as they give us order -- as they place orders for receipts into spring. We've incorporated that into our guidance. We're more optimistic about certainly, what we've seen in our full-price store environment in North America, it's remained strong through this period, and we're encouraged by that. We are more cautious as we came into the fourth quarter in terms of the outlet consumer. We've been calling that out for several quarters, and we've incorporated that into our guidance as well. We are encouraged that we do see that all our consumers migrating up in terms of the categories that they're buying into. They're buying higher ticket items. Those value consumers are looking for a good deal, but we do see that migration up in terms of the product assortment, and we're adjusting our assortments accordingly. We did see basket growth and AUR growth across all our channels and are encouraged by that. We will follow that while being flexible for the consumers. But encouraged by the overall store environment, and we feel we have the tools to flexibly move through this environment.
Patrice Louvet: And then wholesale, I would add to that perspective that the brand elevation strategy that we're applying is playing out well in the wholesale environment in the U.S. Jane, you mentioned AUR. AUR up 8% in wholesale this past quarter in a relatively promotional environment. Over the long term, we've been growing share in Men's, in Women's, particularly strength recently in Women's and in Children's. And I think we're nicely aligned with the strategic direction of our key wholesale partners.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Chris Nardone: To dive a little bit deeper into your outlook for your European wholesale business and also your direct-to-consumer business this year, in particular, how should we think about the slowdown you're seeing in digital business and how does that compare to maybe some of the underlying trends in your brick-and-mortar channel?
Jane Nielsen: So broadly across Europe, we've been very pleased with our digital progress. We're up substantially in terms of where we were pre-COVID, it's been a source of strength for us. In terms of what we're seeing on our digital growth, we expect continued growth in digital at a more moderate pace for Europe, but continuing our AUR journey in that channel and strong performance. As we look at the wholesale channel in Europe, it is more elevated and healthier than what we've seen in North America but we have seen pressure from pure players. Now that's playing out in our digital ecosystem in Europe, and it's playing out in our wholesale business in Europe. We have adjusted our inventories accordingly and expect to continue to grow with them in the long term, but do see pressure in the near term from the pure players that will play both into our digital ecosystem growth and will -- and plays out in terms of our total wholesale growth in Europe. But overall, it's an elevated offer. We continue to like our market share gains in that channel and are continuing the journey, but the pure plays are the pressure point.
Patrice Louvet: And I would add that our biggest partner there is Zalando in Europe. Zalando is on the brand elevation strategy, pulling back on promotional activity and that's very consistent with where we want to take the brand in Europe. So strategically, we feel very good about the direction that Zalando is taking.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Two items that were called out is one, marketing spend and one on raw material costs. How are those being planned in -- what does it look like for fiscal '24 compared to '23? And then Patrice, would love to hear your take, just expand a little bit on wholesale. How do you see the difference in the wholesale channel operating models, North America versus Europe versus Asia? And how you're planning the business?
Patrice Louvet: Maybe tack team on this. On marketing spend, as Jane mentioned in her prepared remarks, our strategy is to spend about 7% of revenue on marketing. That's roughly where we were this past fiscal year. That's where we will be this coming fiscal year. It won't necessarily play out exactly per quarter at 7% because obviously, we have fashion shows and those types of events that will skew the numbers in a particular quarter. But directionally, 7% of revenue, we expect modest revenue growth, so you can expect the absolute dollars of marketing spend to increase on the total brand. Jane, I'll let you do the raw materials.
Jane Nielsen: Dana, what we see in raw materials is really actually encouraging. What we see in terms of tailwinds is that freight will go from about an 80 basis point headwind in fiscal '23 to about 100 basis point tailwind in fiscal '24. Now as we called out cotton inflation was at its peak in Q4 and we expect that to continue into Q1. But as we exit the year -- because we're long bought on cotton, about a year out. But as we exit the year, at the very end of the year, we will start to see cotton turn to an advantage in terms of raw materials. But we really won't realize that until fiscal '25. And so if you think about it in the big buckets, cotton and freight will sort of equalize each other. But we do see some other tailwinds in terms of our air freight is stabilized and won't be a pressure point. We expect to see continued product elevation and mix and structural advantages as Asia outgrows or leads to the growth from the rest of our regions. So we're very encouraged by what we can see and what we have visibility to now relative to the environment that we faced in fiscal '23.
Patrice Louvet: And then your question on wholesale. So just stepping back a little bit, our direction of travel from a strategic standpoint is to pivot the company further into DTC. Our DTC today is about 63%, 64% of -- for the total company. And as we guided during Investor Day, we expect the numbers to be north of that in the coming years. Now we believe wholesale -- quality wholesale has an important role to play in our go-to-market model as well. If you do the world tour, in Asia, most of our business, if not all of it, is concession. So to a large sense, actually a DTC business. It's nicely elevated. We had really nice momentum there, as you saw in the results that we just announced. And so we're focused on running the play and continuing to drive elevation there. In Europe, it is a mix of concessions and wholesale. And in Europe, what we're working on is continued elevation. There's been some really nice work done in Germany, in France, we're looking very good in France and had really nice performance this past year in France wholesale in the U.K. In Southern Europe, there's opportunity to elevate. So we're putting emphasis on customers like El Corte Ingles, right, to make sure that we show up the way we want to show up in the appropriate doors. And then as we were just talking earlier and Jane mentioned some of this on pure players, pure players are an important part of our wholesale business today. It will be even more important in the future. And I'm actually quite excited about some of the strategic pivots that some of the European pure players are doing because it really lines up nicely with our strategic approach. And I refer to an example earlier on that. And then as far as North America is concerned, kind of 2 tiers of wholesale last, right? Remember, we closed 66% of our wholesale doors over the past 3 or 4 years. The upper tier is performing quite strongly, and we feel good about the way we're positioned there. So think of the Saks in the Blooming deals of this world and consistent with what we talked about our core luxury consumer being quite resilient. As far as the premium tier is concerned, our focus is on share gain. These are players, I think that I would say if they were on this call that they're picking between the winners and the losers and they're putting investment behind the winners and pulling back on the losers. We are fortunate to be part of that winner's column based on our performance over the past few years, share growth, value creation, joint value creation with them. So we are benefiting from staffing investments from these partners. We're benefiting from capital investments from these partners as we continue to elevate our brand presence in these more limited doors given the number of doors that we've closed. And our focus is on share gain, right? And as I mentioned earlier, over the longer term, we are growing share across all 3 of our segments, and we have a number of initiatives in place to continue to drive that while driving brand elevation. And I'm pleased to see that our AUR was up 8%, high single digits, up 8% this past quarter, in an environment that's still relatively promotional. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a sense of how we're thinking about the broader go-to-market strategy moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Congrats on a great quarter and a full year. Jane, I would love to get a little bit more color. Thanks for Dana's question on the bridge on the gross margin. But on the first quarter, can you maybe just kind of give us a little bit of a bracket on how we should think about gross margins? And then second, just following up on the Investor Day, I think you talked about $400 million plus of gross productivity gains. I think 2/3 of that coming from SG&A. Can you maybe just tell us or share with us any further insights or any further confidence you have to achieve those productivity gains.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Let me just start with the gross margin guidance. First of all, I just want to be clear, our Investor Day guidance on gross margin is unchanged. And I think our guidance both this year and this quarter reaffirms that we will be back on track for making gross margin progress. As you think about the first quarter, some of the things that we have that will, for gross margin expansion of 50 basis points to 100 basis points will play out in the first quarter. We expect that we will still have some pressure from FX in the first quarter. And -- but we are very encouraged by our pricing power and by the plans that we have, that we'll be able to expand gross margin 30 basis points to 50 basis points across the business. We have the AUR plans in place. We're basically offsetting inflation and we're continuing our journey to increase our both our category penetration in high-margin categories and our product penetration in the upper tiers of our product assortment. So we're very encouraged by that and expect the -- you'll start to see the progress that we've called out for fiscal '24 in Q1. And as we think about the $400 million that we committed to in Investor Day, we have achieved in fiscal '23, about 1/3 of that $400 million. So we're right on track for where we want to be. We expect another 1/3 or perhaps a little bit more in this year, in this FY '24. And so we're right on track with where we want to be for that $400 million commitment. We've -- we're on pace. And of course, as a cost discipline muscle, we are always looking for more. So we have a number of initiatives. I called out some in terms of AI that we're continuing to develop as we move forward and hope to overachieve as we move into -- through the strategic planning time line.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today and we look forward to engaging with you at our Annual Shareholder Meeting and first quarter fiscal '241 earnings call in early August. Until then, take good care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst : Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet : Thank you, Corinna. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We were pleased to deliver another quarter of better-than-expected performance, including through the important holiday season. All three regions contributed positively to revenue growth. And at the same time, we made strong progress on the strategic priorities we outlined last September in our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan. We have multiple levers of growth and a broad lifestyle portfolio of products. Combined with the agility muscle our teams have built over the last several years, this puts us in a position of strength to become the world's leading luxury lifestyle company even amid macro uncertainty. A key element of this strategy is our commitment to brand and product elevation as we have demonstrated over the past five years, and we're doing all this while maintaining flexibility to respond to consumer demand and market dynamics. This translated to another quarter of double-digit AUR growth even as the broader marketplace became more promotional, as anticipated. We also continue to drive a culture of operating and cost discipline, which enabled us to meet our operating margin targets in the period. As our guidance reflected from the start of this fiscal year, the global environment has been choppy. We are encouraged that our core consumer has remained generally resilient, which reflects the growing desirability of our brand. At the same time, we continue to watch our more value-oriented customers and channels carefully. In this environment, we are taking a pragmatic approach to merchandising, pricing and inventory planning. As we navigate ongoing macro uncertainties, we remain steadfast in driving our three strategic pillars of long-term growth and value creation. These are: first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand; second, drive the core and expand for more; and third, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem.  Let me take you through a few of our third quarter highlights across each of these strategic pillars. First, on our efforts to elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. We continue to invest in our most powerful asset, our timeless luxury brand and way of life to inspire and engage our consumers and ultimately, drive lifetime value. We continue to build our brand desirability with consumers while also growing their value perception of our brand. This is enabling us to grow both market share and AUR. In the third quarter, we drove a diverse range of both global and localized brand activations, showcasing the Ralph Lauren lifestyle. We kicked off the quarter with our California Dreaming Fashion Show at the Huntington Library in L.A. This represented our first ever show on the West Coast, where we have historically been underdeveloped and have an opportunity to scale our presence. From there, we launched into holiday with our Gift of Togetherness campaign, featuring friends of the brand like Shalom Harlow and Tyson Beckford. Our local flagship events range from a family-friendly pop-up skating rink in Ginza to live musical performances at Bond Street in London. These campaigns leverage our authentic brand values around family and togetherness combined with unique localized engagement to excite and delight our consumers around the world. For Polo lovers, we offered our 7 Days 7 Drops on our Polo 67 fan app with a limited edition collection of custom-made skis, vintage ski jackets and collectible posters from the RL archive. In Asia, we drove another successful Singles Day event, ranking #2 for men's apparel and #4 for women's apparel on Tmall. The campaign included our first-ever Tmall cat-faced logo collaboration, generating billions of impressions across online and offline channels in China's key cities. And as we continue to lead in gaming and the metaverse, we launched an innovative collaboration with Fortnite, targeted to next-gen consumers with additional exciting partnerships to come for spring and fall '23.  Together, these activations are both reengaging existing customers while also attracting younger full-price consumers to our business.  In our DTC businesses, we added 1.6 million new consumers this quarter consistent with recent trends. We exceeded 51 million social media followers globally, a high single-digit increase to last year, led by double-digit growth on Instagram. And our online search trends continue to significantly outpace our peers across our top markets globally, driven by our core categories. Moving to our second key initiative, drive the core and expand for more. Across our organization, we are committed to becoming the leading luxury lifestyle company globally. This starts with the work Ralph and our creative teams are doing every day to offer sophisticated, timeless products that meet the needs of our consumers across their modern lifestyles. Ralph Lauren has a unique positioning in the marketplace that has enabled our brands to thrive over 50 years. Our brand stands for much more than a single product or category. It invites our customers to step into their dream of a better life.  At the heart of our business is our collection of iconic core products, which represent 70% of sales and remain a consistent driver of our business season after season. Our core products grew high single digits in the third quarter, led by sweaters, seasonal core knits, sweatshirts and suit separates. Our core also establishes the foundation and credibility to grow our high-potential categories. These include women's, outerwear and our emerging home business. Together, these high potential categories increased low teens in the quarter. Women's represents our single largest long-term opportunity for market share gains and category growth as a company. We are trading her into the brand across categories to drive lifetime value and up to more elevated style with women's AUR up 12% in the third quarter. Highlights from the period included our dedicated head to toe holiday campaigns for both Polo Women's and Lauren, including the expansion of our Polo ID bags in new seasonal fabrications.  Other product highlights and special releases this quarter included the official launch of our Polo Originals line, elevating the upper tier of our core brand with high-quality AUR enhancing styles that pay homage to Polo's roots, our exclusive Navy and gold logo collection capsule with influential Japanese retailer BEAMS, and our Fortnite collaboration with core icons featuring the new Llama player logo and our Polo Stadium collection of digital and physical products. Through these dynamic times, we continue to leverage the breadth of our brand and assortments to give consumers what they want as their lifestyles evolve. This enables us to flex from stay-at-home sweatshirts to return to work outfits, to wedding dresses and eveningwear. Switching to our third key initiative, win in key cities with our consumer ecosystem. We continue to invest in our long-term strategy to develop our key city ecosystems around the world in the third quarter with a focus on elevating and connecting all our consumer touch points across every channel.  Starting with digital. Third quarter sales for our total Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, department store dotcom, pure players and social commerce increased high single digits in constant currency. Our Asia digital ecosystem once again delivered the fastest growth globally. This included another strong Singles Day with double-digit new customer acquisition and sales, significantly outperforming our peers even as we grew AUR by 28%. Within our own digital sites, sales grew low double digits globally in the third quarter.  As part of our fully connected ecosystems, we also continue to open new physical stores that enable consumers to engage directly with our brands around the world. We opened 55 new stores in concessions, focused on our top cities globally this quarter, with the majority again in Asia, particularly the Chinese Mainland. Our brand momentum and opportunities in China remain strong. We reported third quarter Mainland sales up high single digits in constant currency. This was an encouraging result in light of widespread COVID disruptions following the relaxation of zero COVID policies in the period with over 90% of our stores impacted by foreclosures, reduced trading hours and staffing levels. As our dedicated teams on the ground continue to manage near-term disruptions with agility, we expect the countries reopening to be a net positive as we continue to strengthen our growing presence in this key market.  Elsewhere in the region, we continued to drive double-digit constant currency growth across Japan, Korea, Australia and Southeast Asia, where we opened our first Ralph's Coffee experience in Kuala Lumpur this quarter. In addition to our sustained momentum across Asia, we remain bullish on our long-term growth opportunities and ability to strategically drive lifetime value across North America and Europe. In Q3, we opened our largest children's store in the world on Via della Spiga in Milan. Located across from our flagship, we are now able to showcase the full breadth of our luxury lifestyle proposition in this important market. We also launched our first full-price emblematic store in Barcelona, another influential fashion market as we continue to build our connected ecosystems across the region. And finally, touching briefly on our enablers. In addition to our strategic priorities, our business continued to be supported by our five key enablers. In the third quarter, we were proud to be recognized on Fast Company's 2022 Brands That Matter list for our collaboration with Morehouse and Spelman Colleges launched last March. This ground-breaking partnership was just one example of our commitment to evolve how we portray the American Dream in the stories we tell and the faces and creators we champion. We were also recognized as one of Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies, moving from #6 last year to #2 this year for our sector.  And on the sustainability front, we highlighted our first cradle-to-cradle certified product just a few weeks ago with our luxury gold Cashmere sweater. A first-of-its-kind luxury product to achieve this global standard, this is just one part of our commitment to enable our past and future products to live on responsibly. This sweater is the first of five iconic products that we plan to make C2C certified by 2025.  In closing, our strong performance through the first three quarters of the year underscores our consistency and strong execution. This is underpinned by the power of our brand and Ralph Lauren's multiple drivers of long-term sustainable growth and value creation. Ralph and I are proud of our team's continued agility, execution and productivity as we effectively navigate a dynamic global operating environment. Our focus on offense, agility and pragmatism continues to inspire our approach moving forward. And I just want to take a moment to welcome our newest Board member, Wei Zhang, former President of Alibaba Pictures and SVP of Alibaba Group, who joined us this quarter. Her leadership experience across international business development, focusing on China, entertainment, media and corporate social responsibility make her a unique addition to our Board. With that, I'll hand it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen : Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. We are encouraged by our strong early progress on our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan. We leveraged our multiple strategic drivers and superior operational capabilities to deliver third quarter results ahead of our expectations. We drove another quarter of solid top line growth, with Q3 revenues up 1% on a reported basis and 7% in constant currency, above our outlook. All three regions delivered positive revenue growth on both a reported and constant currency basis as well as positive retail comp growth.  Operating margin was at the high end of our guidance with strong expense discipline more than offsetting lower-than-expected gross margin. Operating with discipline has been and will continue to be a cornerstone of our long-term strategic plan with productivity helping to fuel our investments in sustainable long-term growth. Exiting the quarter, we continue to leverage the strength of our balance sheet, which has served us well through times of uncertainty. We believe our elevated brand, clear strategy and targeted investments combined with our culture of operating discipline and fortress foundation enablers, put us in a position of strength to continue to drive long-term value creation. Let me take you through our third quarter financial highlights. Total company revenues increased 7% in constant currency, above our low to mid-single-digit outlook, led by double-digit growth in Asia and Europe. Guidance and results included a timing shift with the week between Christmas and New Year's moving back into the third quarter from the fourth quarter last year due to the 53rd week in fiscal '22. This benefited this year's Q3 sales by about 130 basis points, which should negatively impact our smaller fourth quarter by an estimated 170 basis points. Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem sales grew high single digits in constant currency and more than 40% on a two-year stack.  With our owned Ralph Lauren digital sites, sales grew 10% on top of more than 30% growth last year. We continue to elevate and expand the breadth of our offering online while enhancing the user experience with a rich digital content. We are also driving further improvements in quality of sales with an increase in full price sales penetration and digital margins strongly accretive to our overall profitability in the quarter.  Note that the fiscal quarter shift benefited our own digital sales by about 2 points in Q3 and should negatively impact Q4 by about 3 points. We continue to deliver gross margin expansion in constant currency this quarter, consistent with our long-term guidance. Total company adjusted gross margin was 65.2%, down 80 basis points to last year on a reported basis, but up 80 basis points in constant currency. The increase was driven by product mix elevation with AUR up 10% on top of 19% growth last year and lower air freight reliance following last year's supply chain disruptions. While we continue to drive our long-term brand elevation strategy, gross margins were below our expectations this holiday driven by: first, targeted outlet promotions in North America to drive conversion with our value-oriented consumers; second, stronger-than-expected post-Christmas sale days, which shifted into the third quarter from Q4 last year; and finally, higher duty costs in Europe. Compared to fiscal '20 pre-pandemic levels, adjusted gross margin was still 300 basis points higher in the third quarter. Our better-than-expected revenues and operating expense discipline in the third quarter also enabled us to deliver operating margins at the top of our guidance range. Adjusted operating margin was 16% on a reported basis and 17.8% in constant currency, representing a 190 basis point constant currency increase to last year.  Adjusted operating expenses declined 1%, including a marketing expense decline of 8% over last year's disproportionately back half-weighted spend. Marketing was 7.3% of sales compared to 8.1% in the prior year period. As Patrice mentioned, operational excellence remains a key element of our fortress foundation, and we remain sharply focused on operating expense discipline even as we continue to invest behind our brands and targeted global expansion to drive long-term sustainable growth. Moving to segment performance, starting with North America. Third quarter revenues grew 1% as stronger direct-to-consumer performance more than offset a slight decline in wholesale, as anticipated. The shift of post-Christmas days benefited our performance by about 190 basis points in the quarter. This shift should negatively impact our fourth quarter sales by about 270 basis points. In addition, the absence of last year's 53rd week is expected to negatively impact North America by another 460 basis points in Q4. In North America retail, third quarter comps grew 2% on top of a strong 38% COVID reopening compare last year. While we were encouraged by another quarter of positive comp growth in our full-price stores, this was offset by softer performance in our outlets as anticipated in our guidance.  Our outlet AUR was up high single digits, reflecting our ongoing brand and product elevation in the channel. However, we continued to see softness in our value-oriented consumers. We are focused on driving a strong value proposition to the consumer, which includes expanded category assortments, enhanced selling environments and targeted communications. Our fiscal '23 outlook still assumes caution in this channel through the rest of the year. Comps in our owned ralphlauren.com site increased 9% and more than 40% on a two-year stack, driven by strong performance in core product, tailored styles and footwear. Digital AUR increased on continued product mix elevation. In North America wholesale, revenues declined 2% to last year. As we discussed in November, the decline was entirely driven by a customs delay, which resulted in missed Q3 shipment windows, representing about 3 points of negative impact. As expected, we also saw a slowdown in replenishment trends as our partners focus on keeping inventories clean heading into the new year. Outside of this, our positioning in the wholesale channel remains competitively strong. We gained market share across men's, women's and kids in key partners, and our AUR and wholesale grew 10% on continued product elevation. Promotions on our brands at wholesale were largely aligned with our expectations going into the season. Inventories at wholesale are now normalized following last year's supply chain disruption, and we have experienced minimal cancellations to date for spring '23. We still expect wholesale to be up in the fourth quarter of fiscal '23, despite our more cautious view on replenishment and our spring '23 inventory buys. Moving on to Europe. Third quarter revenue increased 1% on a reported basis and 13% in constant currency. This 13% growth included about 450 basis points of benefit from the post-Christmas timing shift as well as a wholesale allowance benefit recognized in the quarter. We estimate the timing shift will negatively impact the smaller fourth quarter by about 120 basis points in Europe. Q3 European retail comps increased 11% on top of a 55% compare last year. Brick-and-mortar comps also up 11%, benefited from lapping the start of last year's Omicron variant as well as the post-Christmas sales shift into Q3. AUR increased 12% with gains in both brick-and-mortar and digital AUR.  Total digital ecosystem grew mid-single digits in the quarter, with low double-digit growth in owned digital commerce and wholesale dotcom more than offsetting softer pure-play results as anticipated. Europe wholesale declined 1% on a reported basis, but grew 11% in constant currency. This was ahead of our expectations, driven by roughly 8 points benefit related to lower-than-anticipated wholesale allowances as well as stronger spring '23 shipments and fill rates, more than offsetting softer reorder trends. Note that our wholesale outlook continues to embed a notable deceleration through Q4 based on challenging compares and macro headwinds. Overall, while our Europe business has performed better than expected through the first 3 quarters of the year, we remain cautious on the remainder of fiscal '23 into fiscal '24, given dynamic macro conditions across the region. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 1% on a reported basis and 16% in constant currency, a strong result given significant COVID outbreaks in the Chinese Mainland as well as higher infection rates in Japan. Asia retail comps were up 8% with balanced growth across digital commerce and brick-and-mortar stores. By market, third quarter sales in Japan and Korea each increased mid-teens in constant currency. Australia, New Zealand and Southeast Asia were up more than 25% and 50%, respectively. The Chinese Mainland was up 7%, despite the significant COVID impacts Patrice mentioned, while Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan grew low teens in the quarter. We returned to full operations in the Mainland by mid-January. And while our teams are prepared to manage through further disruptions, we are encouraged by the continued resilience and strength of our consumer and brand momentum in China along with the rest of Asia. Moving on to the balance. Our balance sheet continues to be an important element of our Fortress Foundation, enabling us to balance strategic investments in our brand and business with returning cash to shareholders even through dynamic times. Through the third quarter, we returned approximately $560 million in the form of our dividend and share repurchases year-to-date. We ended the period with $1.7 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. Net inventory increased 33%, moderating from first half trends as we reduced goods in transit and significantly improved our lead times from last year's global supply chain delays. Inventory growth still reflects earlier timing of receipts, higher product costs and our strategy of product mix elevation. Nevertheless, we still expect to end fiscal '23 with inventory more closely aligned to sales growth. We continue to manage our inventory position fund with the majority still weighted to core and seasonless product. This gives us greater flexibility to adjust future production levels and allocate product to the channels and geographies with the strongest demand. We also continue to make meaningful improvements in transit times as we move through this year. Looking ahead, our outlook is based on the evolving macro environment, including inflationary pressures, disruptions in the global supply chain, COVID-19, foreign currency volatility and the war in the Ukraine. We continue to plan across a range of scenarios, and our guidance represents our best assessment of market conditions and resulting consumer impacts.  For fiscal '23, we are maintaining our full year outlook in constant currency with revenues expected to increase high single digits or about 8% on a 52-week comparable basis. Our outlook continues to assume a challenging consumer backdrop in Europe and North America. We now expect foreign currency to negatively impact revenues by approximately 600 basis points. We expect operating margin of approximately 13.5% to 14% in constant currency compared to our prior outlook of about 14%. This is based on a more modest level of gross margin expansion in the second half of the year as we keep inventories current and align to demand. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact operating margin by about 180 basis points. This compares to operating margin of 13.1% on a 52-week basis and 13.4% on a 53-week basis last year, both on a reported basis. Gross margin is now expected to be flattish to last year on a constant currency basis. We plan to continue driving stronger AUR and favorable product mix to offset increased product costs. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact gross margins by about 150 basis points in fiscal '23. For the fourth quarter, on a 13-week comparable basis, we expect constant currency revenue growth of about mid- to high single digits. On a reported basis, which includes the impact of last year's 53rd week, we expect revenues to be up 1% and 2% in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 500 basis points. Our outlook also includes about 170 basis points of negative impact from the week after Christmas shifting into fiscal Q3 from Q4 last year. We expect fourth quarter operating margin of about 5.5% in constant currency. This represents a roughly 190 basis point increase to last year, driven primarily by operating expense leverage as we normalize our cadence of marketing spend versus last year. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact operating margin by about 160 basis points in the quarter. We expect constant currency gross margins to be about flat in Q4. This implies roughly 50 basis points of expansion on a 13-week comparable basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact gross margin in the quarter by about 140 basis points. We now expect our tax rate in the range of 24% to 25% for the full year and estimate a roughly 29% tax rate for the fourth quarter. Though this could vary widely as Q4 is our smallest quarter and highly dependent on mix and discrete items. And lastly, we now expect capital expenditures in the range of $240 million to $250 million based on the timing of build-out. In closing, our teams around the world are operating with agility and executing strongly, driving continued progress on our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan. This is a testament to the power of our iconic brand that Ralph created over 50 years ago, and the strength of our Fortress Foundation coupled with diversified engines of growth across product categories, geographies and channels. And with that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey : Good morning, everyone, and nice to see the progress. Certainly seems that there's still a lot of moving pieces on the macro side and you beat again on top line this quarter while continuing to grow AUR, as the environment has become more promotional. Just bigger picture, can you talk about what gives you the confidence that your elevation strategy can continue to work in a less favorable macro or pricing backdrop? And along those lines, any expansion on your thoughts on the health of the consumer in the wholesale channel in different regions, and what you're seeing in your own retail DTC business with the health of the consumer?
Patrice Louvet : Good morning, Dana. Thanks for your question. Listen, Ralph, Jane and I are really proud of our company's outperformance this year to date. As you mentioned, the macro environment certainly continues to be quite choppy, but I think we're used to that by now. Our teams have built this incredible agility muscle over the past few years, if you kind of reflect on what we've worked through COVID, inflation and now a relatively promotional environment. So this agility gives us confidence looking ahead, but it's that agility plus other three things that I would really call out. The first one, and it touches on your second question is, our core consumer remains quite resilient. And that's true around the world, and that's true across channels. And as you know, we've done a lot of work over the past few years to evolve our customer base to bring in a higher value, younger customer that played out again this past quarter, 1.6 million new consumers, higher value, less price-sensitive, younger consumer. The second point is our diverse growth strategy that has multiple growth levers, and we constantly challenge ourselves to make sure they're still relevant in the environment that we are operating in and looking ahead, and we believe they are as relevant as ever, even in a tougher environment. What do I mean by that? Well, you can look at our opportunities to grow across regions, right? We have significant growth opportunities, of course, across Asia, including in China, in particular, but also in key cities across North America and in Europe. On the product front, we have a very wide lifestyle portfolio, and so that enables us to drive our core. You saw our core did quite well this past quarter, up high single digits, but also go after high potential categories like women's up mid-teens this quarter and outerwear up high single digits. And then the third point is really around flexibility, right? And two things I would call out here. One is because of this breadth of product portfolio, we can really flex up and down. You've seen us do that over the past few years based on where the consumer desires, wants, needs are. And I'm sure we'll have the opportunity today to talk a little bit more about products and what we're seeing. But this ability to flex, I think, is quite unique, and it's a real strength for our company. The other thing is our elevation journey, means our pricing structure has built in flexibility, right? If you look back since the start of this elevation phase, our AUR is up close to 70%, which means we can still react to the competitive environment, including when it gets more promotional without walking back our overall brand elevation strategy. I was really encouraged to see our AUR performance again this quarter, up 10%, bringing in more consumers, driving strong topline growth in what is pretty clearly a more aggressive promotional environment. And then underlying our diverse and flexible growth drivers are two critical things: one is our ongoing productivity work, which is as relevant as ever; and the second is our fortress balance sheet. So while the environment remains choppy and we expect it to remain choppy around the world, we believe we are well positioned to continue to attract higher-value consumers and drive growth and value creation. If I double-click on your question regarding consumers and at the risk of repeating myself, a few things to call out. First of all, our core consumer is resilient and in good shape. And so we're seeing him and her respond nicely to the work we're doing on brand elevation, product elevation, shopping experience elevation. I'm very encouraged by the fact that the teams are able to continue to bring in large numbers of new consumers, 1.6 million, I think, is the highest we've done in several quarters now. We've been around 1.3 million, 1.4 million. And again, the makeup of that customer group is higher value, less price sensitive. So we feel good about that. We did mention last quarter that our more value-oriented consumer, which is a much smaller part of our business today, is obviously feeling the inflationary pressures and is having to be more discerning in terms of how they spend, but they're still buying clothes. And here, we're encouraged by our share progress because we're growing share particularly on the wholesale channel that you touched on, Dana. We're growing share in men's. We're growing share in women's. We're growing share in kids. So we're staying very focused on making sure our value perception continues to strengthen, and it did again this quarter such that across all channels, across all consumer groups, we win the consumer level.
Jane Nielsen : And we had that win in North America specifically with AURs up 10%. So that elevation journey continued on a promotional day base that was about equal to last year. Really happy with that quality.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss : So Patrice, could you speak to demand relative to plan that you're seeing for the Polo brand? And maybe just outline market share gains that you're seeing in the women's category? And then, Jane, just in relation to your larger picture comments, how best to think about North America next year relative to your mid-single-digit multiyear target? And just any change in the path to mid-teens constant currency operating margins by FY '25 that we should consider based on anything that you're seeing today?
Patrice Louvet : Sure. So sorry, on demand on the Polo brands, particularly in the Polo brand, as you know, is the heart of this company. We are seeing progress on men's consistently. And what I'm excited about, we touched on it in our prepared remarks, is the introduction of the Polo Originals line that kind of pays homage to the Polo roots, which is just a view the full line of products that our teams have being around to allow us with really a communication that's really resonating with the customers. So continuing to drive that elevation and tapping into the breadth of the portfolio so that if you want athleisure, we have that available with exciting products. But we also have investments in the more tailored proposition, which is where we're seeing the consumer gravitate more and more to this more elevated casual proposition. So Polo Men is really nice momentum with a number of engines of growth that were very promising for the future. Outerwear is obviously an area of strength on the Polo Men. On the women's side, across all the key categories actually, we're seeing Polo Women's get significant traction. And as we're seeing the consumer gravitate to this more elevated casual dimension, then we're able to leverage the breadth of the portfolio and that ranges from sweaters to dresses to acceleration in outerwear, and we expect that to continue. Obviously, we see significant growth opportunities ahead on Polo Women. And then on Polo Kids, we're also continuing to see nice traction and share growth, weve seen share growth for quite a while on that business as well and expect that to continue as we throw a relatively wide net when it comes to attracting new consumers and leveraging the presence we have across multiple categories. So the range of product offerings we have on the Polo brand and the skew to our sweet spot, which is this elevated casual, I think, sets up to run nicely, not just for outperformance now, but for the future. Jane, I'll turn it over to you for the second.
Jane Nielsen : Yes. On some larger-picture perspective now, we feel that this year's performance is consistent with our FY '25 guidance of getting to a mid-teens OI margin. And we feel that because our -- despite some macro choppiness, our strategy is working. Again, this quarter, we were able to offset inflation, putting up a 10% AUR growth. And what undergirds that gives us confidence is that our consumer value perception rating again this quarter improved and is obviously improved from the pre-pandemic level. So the consumer is giving us confidence in our ability to navigate with gross margin -- holding and expanding our gross margin over the next several years.  We also have a robust productivity plan that we outlined. We're still committed to delivering this $400 million over the life of the plan in productivity savings. We're investing in that, and we're seeing the benefits of that in our supply chain, in our buying groups and in just our cost management. And you saw that flow through this quarter in our expense management and beating our OI margin guidance. So those are things that are giving us confidence encourage, also the resiliency of Asia; multiple countries delivering strongly and the resiliency that we see in our China business and Europe continuing in a difficult environment to outperform. All those things are confidence builders that 15% is the right margin. On North America next year, I think that we've outlined as called out for the last couple of quarters, the pressure on the value consumer, I think we're responding appropriately and well within the guardrails of our strategy. So we're still confident in our outlook for growth in North America next year and are pleased with the progress we've made since the reset putting it on a healthier base. So absolutely, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti : Congrats on a really nice holiday. How much of the AUR increase going forward is North America driven? And within that, how much should we think about from here is from SKU mix or channel compared to a like-for-like pricing opportunities? And then Jane, it feels like the right time to ask, North America margin crossed above pre-COVID levels this quarter for the first time in a while. It was nice to see. Could you outline bridge for North America operating margin to get back to the 21%, 22% zone that it was in prior to COVID. You've given us some of the components like digital being accretive, those kinds of things. You know our bigger businesses today. I'm curious what your thoughts are there.
Jane Nielsen : Yes, sure. Let me take the first part of your question, which is AUR base. So as we move forward in this pricing journey, you've seen us continuously put up AUR increases across all three regions. Again, this quarter, we saw Asia, which is furthest along in the journey put a very strong AUR delivery, but more modest than the rest of the regions because they're further along in their journey. So fully offsetting inflation and expanding gross margin. Europe, which is in the middle of the journey also put up nice AUR expansion as did North America. I do believe that because North America is earlier on in his earnings that they will be slightly outpaced in progression through this long term -- through the length of our plan, and they're certainly positioned to offset inflation through the length of this plan. So it's not a disproportionate amount, but I do think there's more opportunities. We've just started this journey in wholesale. We're early on there. And we've continued to make progress across full price our outlets and our digital. So we're encouraged by the breadth of AUR progression that we see in North America.  And again, we have a multi-pronged strategy. Because of inflation, like-for-like pricing is a part of that, but we're getting continued benefits from geographic, and because we're shifting to DTC, we'll see DTC also be a positive tailwind for us and also including the elevation of our assortments, which will continue as we elevate the brand. As I look at North America operating margin, overall, we're very pleased with the reset of North America and putting North America on a more profitable base. Year-to-date, our margins have been pressured really by two primary things. One is, rate impacts were disproportionate in North America, and we do expect that to start to abate a bit in the latter fourth quarter, but certainly into FY '24. The other factor was wage actions that we took last year that were overlapping this year. Those were primarily in our distribution centers and in our retail staff. We think it was the right thing to do, and as we elevate the brand, that continuity is important in our retail. So clearly, as we come out of that and start to get a free benefit into '24 and we'll be out of the overlap of wages, it will be a positive benefit as we move it into North America. And as I said before, we have made some meaningful investments in digital. We have a home app. We now have a full content RL app. Those have been good investments that are now made, and we can start to leverage in the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Kearney with Barclays.
Paul Kearney : Jane, I was wondering, can you help unpack the foreign currency into next year based on current rates? How much of the transaction impact has already hedged or locked in for the year? And what are some of the ways to recapture the 180 basis points of margin impact that you now expect from this year?
Jane Nielsen : So the primary way that we will address gross margin expansion on both a constant currency and reported basis is going to be our pricing strategy. It's a proven muscle for us, and we expect to deliver over the next several years. Now foreign currency, given the tailwinds that we've seen this quarter, which we called out and the impact of ForEx will have lessened since the start of the year in our guidance, we're encouraged, but I don't have a crystal ball. But I do know that I think we've been relatively wise about the hedges we placed going into next year. And as currency continues to strengthen, we should have over translational and transactional benefit, but we do hedge dramatically in layers and again, just optimizing around being relatively smart and placing those layers. So I'm feeling good, but again, I don't have a crystal ball. And it is our practice, we'll give guidance in our fourth quarter results, but we will call out the impacts based on the spot at that time.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu : Jane, I want to ask about China. I think you mentioned -- I know you usually don't mention quarter-to-date trends, but you mentioned that your China operations are back to full operations mid-January. I know it's only three weeks, but just for the audience, if you can kind of unpack what you're seeing? Is it just -- is it traffic just coming back? Or are you also seeing conversion? And then just one quick question on the 4Q gross margin. If you can give us some puts and takes, great to hear that the 4Q gross margin should be up 50 bps. If you can parse that out a little bit, that would be very helpful.
Patrice Louvet : Laurent, we'll tag team on this one. A few things on China. First of all, I have to say, I am really proud of our team's execution, actually not just in China, but across the entire APAC region. And as we talked in prior forums, we see significant near and long-term growth opportunities in China on strong brand building, on relevant product offering and a connected ecosystem expansion in key markets. In Q3, we were up 7% constant currency in China, despite 94% of our stores impacted either by closures or reduced hours or staffing shortages. So it gives you a sense of the team's agility that I referred to earlier and the ability to kind of navigate that still connect with the consumer while the access is a little constrained. You are right that we don't generally comment on in-quarter performance, and it's only been 3 weeks, but we've been very encouraged by the reopening. We are now up and running everywhere, and we're seeing consumers reengage strongly. So far, I think, double-digit rebound across Mainland China. And we're seeing a combination of, of course, the return of traffic both on -- in our brick-and-mortar and also online and then strong conversion. And why strong conversion? Because the work that the teams are doing on brand desirability in China is really resonating with the consumer, and they're leaving the brand into the local fabric of the Chinese culture in a way that really sets us apart.  If you think about what the Ralph Lauren brand is about, right, it's understated luxury grounded in heritage and icons. And that's a pretty unique proposition. And based on where the Chinese consumers' mindset is right now, which is maybe a little less focused on short-term fashion and more focused on brands that have a history to have a heritage and have a set of clear values, that positions us very well. Team is doing a really nice job creating our product line up there, and as we've mentioned in prior calls, we're continuing to see consumers there gravitate towards our highest price items actually around the world. And then we're super excited about the way the ecosystems are playing out in the top six cities that we've called out. Those of you who plan to visit Mainland China in the near term, you can visit our new store in Shenzhen, which we opened a few days ago and is off to a wonderful start. In a store we opened recently flagship in Chengdu, which is also doing quite well. And then this is only about domestic consumption, right? So the other thing that's going to happen is, we're going to see Chinese travelers wanting to shop our brand around the world, and we're in a much better position in terms of brand perception than we were 3 years ago. So I think we'll be able to benefit from that, and we're starting to see some of that in Southeast Asia and parts of Northeast Asia for our business. So promising start, excited about the long-term perspective, and we have a very intentional game plan to win with the Chinese consumer.
Jane Nielsen : Yes. A few things to this -- giving us confidence in our Q4 guide on gross margins, Laurent. But one is that what Patrice just said, which is we expect China to come back resiliently in the quarter. It's our highest gross margin country within one of our highest gross margin countries within Asia. So we expect that to be a mix benefit as we move forward in gross margin. We're also starting to see some of the freight benefits, both the reduction in air freight and some reductions starting in ocean freight. So we're encouraged by that as a tailwind. But underlying it all is our confidence in the pricing strategy that we have and the mix benefits that we have in our assortment moving forward into the fourth quarter, and that is really the strength along with the consumer perception strength that we see that gives us confidence in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow : So Jane, that's actually what I wanted to ask about. So understanding the pricing strategies are working in the margins themselves in absolute terms are still very healthy, can you just explain, versus three months ago looking into Q4, the gross margin differential? Because you're lowering the gross margin for the year. I think The Street was looking at like flattish gross margin. Now you're guiding down 140. I know that that's FX-driven, but just directionally, something is a little bit worse ex currency. So I don't know if that has to do with wholesale being weaker, but can you just kind of explain exactly whats kind of taking place in Q4 versus maybe the prior plan?
Jane Nielsen : So I think that when we guided in May, we gave guidance based on our best estimate of consumer response and pressures. I think the consumer -- the value consumer that we've called out is more pressured than when we gave our original guidance. And we've also looked at the fourth quarter and want to ensure that we are in good shape as we start fiscal year '24 from an inventory perspective. As we've committed, we're going to have inventories more closely aligned to sales, and that's been responding to the desires of our value consumers to have a really compelling value. Total value for us has made us a little more responsive to that and as well that we want to make sure that we're healthy on inventories as we move out of the fourth quarter.
Patrice Louvet : Okay. Well, listen, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '23 results with you in late May. And until then, stay safe, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-11-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'll now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Corinna Van Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Ghinst: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Corinna. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining today's call. It was great to see so many of you at our Investor Day in September where we laid out our ambition to be the world's leading luxury lifestyle company. We also outlined our company's next phase of growth powered by multiple engines, which we are calling our Next Great Chapter Accelerate plan. We are off to a strong early start with our second quarter performance, which exceeded our expectations on both the top and bottom line, demonstrating the consistency and momentum of our business around the world. At the same time, we continue to drive a culture of operating excellence as ongoing productivity is an important driver to fuel our near and long term growth. This resulted in another quarter of double digit AUR growth and sales exceeding our plan, even as the broader marketplace became more promotional into the fall as anticipated. Also, as we had expected from the start of this fiscal year, the global operating environment has remained choppy across many of our key markets. Our solid performance amidst this backdrop is a credit to our team's agility and execution as we focus on delivering what we can control. And while we expect this choppiness to continue in the near term, we're encouraged that our core consumer remains generally resilient despite the macro headlines, reflecting increasing desirability for our brand and the attractive value proposition of our products. As we navigate the broader macro headwinds, we're focused on driving our three strategic pillars of long-term growth. These include first, elevate and energize our lifestyle brand. Second, drive the core and expand for more, and third, win in key cities. With our consumer ecosystem and spanning everything we do is our commitment to deliver positive impact in the world across citizenship and sustainability. Let me take you through a few of our second quarter highlights across our plan. First on our efforts to elevate and energize our Lifestyle brand. As we continue to build our business for the long term, we remain focused on investing in our brand to deliver a differentiated elevated message to our target consumers. Consumers perception of Ralph Lauren as a luxury brand remained high at 78% and their perception of our brand's value for money continued to expand both sequentially and versus last year in the second quarter. This is enabling us to both strengthen our existing relationships and recruit new, younger high value consumers around the world. With the growth in our highest value, consumers significantly outpacing our total business. We are leveraging our core brand values and ROI driven marketing strategy in order to connect authentically with consumers and continue to gain market share. This was evident in the second quarter where we continue to focus our investments on driving brand desirability across a diverse range of activities. First, we celebrated the energy and optimism of sport to our annual sponsorship of the US Open Tennis Championships, which were particularly thrilling this year with record attendance levels and a 50% increase in viewership. It was hard to miss Polo on the court and in the audience from our official ball person uniforms made with recycled plastic to our timeless spectator style showcased by celebrities like Anne Hathaway, Diplo, Angus Cloud, and Jamie Foxx. We were also proud to outfit Serena Williams in Vogue, September issue where the tennis legend announced her retirement from the sport. Our 360 degree campaign for back to school drove strong conversion in our Polo Kids business this fall. Our class of RL video in August followed by our women's Polo ID handbag video in September were our top viewed Instagram reels on our Polo handle of all time. We continue to capture key brand moments that resonate with fashion lovers around the world. 2022 was the year of weddings and we were front and center dressing Hollywood royalty like Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck along with NBA superstar, Kevin Loves wedding to Kate Bock. A few weeks ago we hosted our first ever fashion show on the West Coast at the Huntington Library in L.A., celebrities and friends of the brand like Lily Collins, John Legend, Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis, Jessica Chastain, Diane Keaton and newlyweds JLo and Ben Affleck joined us in celebrating the optimism and joy of California Dreaming, featuring our full luxury lifestyle brand ranging from RRL to Polo Men's, Women's Kids and Home. And as we continue driving our brand leadership deeper into the metaverse, we launched our first collaboration with Fortnite last week in time for holiday. The popular online game has more than 400 million registered accounts with a strong following among 18 year to 24 year olds. The partnership includes a special collection of digital outfits and two special drops of physical product available in our DTC channels and select specialty retailers around the world. Together these activations are attracting younger full price consumers to our business. We exceeded 50 million social media followers globally this quarter. A high single digit increase to last year led by Instagram. In our DTC businesses, we added 1.3 million new consumers similar to recent trends and our online search trends grew low double digits to last year in Q2, significantly outpacing our peers across our top markets globally led by Polo shirts and fall apparel such as sweaters and fleece. Moving to our second key initiative, drive the core and expand for more. As we work toward becoming the leading luxury lifestyle company, our products all come back to the idea of inviting consumers to step into the world of Ralph Lauren. Ralph and our design teams are capturing the breadth of styles and end users consumers are looking for today from a more sophisticated take on casual comfort to their modern hybrid approach to where to work and social gatherings. Starting with our core product, which grew mid-teens in the second quarter, supported by all key categories led by sweaters, seasonal core knits, sweatshirts and chinos as we discussed our Investor Day. Our core product comprises about 70% of our assortment and is a key competitive advantage in the marketplace. In times of uncertainty, consumers continue to invest in brands and products they know and trust. Our core also establishes the credentials for driving our high potential categories, which include Women's Outerwear and our emerging Home business. Together, these high potential categories grew high teens in the quarter. Women's represents our single largest long-term opportunity for market share gains and category growth. As a company, we are trading her into the brand, including the successful launch of our Polo ID handbag collection. This year we are trading here across by building an offering of essentials like sweaters, sophisticated coats, dresses, and denim that will form the foundation of her wardrobe and expand her lifetime value and we are trading her up to more elevated product through our hybrid styling as only Ralph can with Women's AUR up 20% in the second quarter. Within Outerwear, another high potential category, which now represents about 10% of sales, we are establishing our brand as a go-to player for the category. Second quarter highlights included our quilted Beaton and Harper jackets, cotton twill, city windbreaker, and Terra Packable vest. Our Kids Outwear business was led by the launch of our P Layer outerwear system, a versatile collection of functional outer shells and liners constructed of all recycled materials, other product highlights and special releases. This quarter included our US open collection, which drove our highest sales ever for the event. We also introduced our first US Open Sneaker, which sold out in our stores our NOLA Collection for women inspired by the culture, climate and beauty of New Orleans and our Polo Active Club collection tailored to next generation consumers. The digital campaign was brought to life with skateboarder filmmaker Mikey Alfred and his skate group. From our Polo bear sweaters to a return of tailored dressing. Our teams are consistently delivering the styles consumers are craving in this new normal. Switching to our third key initiative win in key cities with consumer ecosystem, we continue to drive our long-term strategy of investing in our key city ecosystems around the world in the second quarter with a focus on elevating and connecting all our consumer touchpoints across every channel. Each of our ecosystems is led by a digital first mindset representing the best expression of our brand through innovative storytelling, dedicated shop-in-shops and virtual selling experiences. Second quarter sales for our total Ralph Lauren and digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, department store.com, pure players and social commerce accelerated to mid-teens growth in constant currency. Our Asia digital ecosystem once again drove the fastest growth globally over a smaller base, up more than 60% in constant currency to last year. Within our own digital sites, sales grew mid-single digits in the second quarter and more than 40% on a two year stack. We continue to drive an increased penetration of full price selling through elevated products and investments in AI powered targeting and high quality new consumer acquisition growth was also supported by the continued launch of new sites, including the recent additions of Korea and Australia. Our digital capabilities also provide true endless aisle connectivity to our physical channels. Indeed, our stores remain a critical component of our ecosystems to build our brand and consumer engagement around the world. We opened 29 new stores and concessions in top cities globally this quarter with the vast majority in Asia, particularly the Chinese mainland. Our brand momentum and opportunities in China remains strong with sales up more than 30% performance was balanced across Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the Mainland despite mandatory closures in the period. As you heard at Investor Day, China provides not only the successful blueprint for our elevated ecosystem strategy globally, it also represents one of several geographic long-term opportunities for our brand. With strong brand momentum, our highest AUR in the world and significant runway for strategic store openings to strengthen our relationship with the Chinese consumer. Looking ahead, the strength we are also seeing across markets like Korea and Australia are just two examples of the diversity of growth drivers that we have around the world. As you heard in September, we remain bullish on our long-term growth opportunities and ability to strategically drive lifetime value across all of our regions. And finally, touching briefly on our enablers. In addition to our strategic priorities, our business continued to be supported by our five business enablers, which we highlighted in September. These include our people and culture, one of our key competitive advantages, best in class digital technology and analytics, superior operational capabilities, the powerful balance sheet and leadership in citizenship and sustainability. I won't go through all of these in detail again, but in the second quarter we were particularly proud to be named one of the world's best employers by Forbes. Our people are at the heart of everything we do. They inspire us to be better and to do better. Just a few weeks ago, our teams around the world came together for our first in-person Pink Pony Walk since COVID. We celebrated the Ralph Lauren Foundation's $25 million grant to fund five cancer centers in the US this year, but it was also a moment for us to reflect on our purpose and what we've been through over the past few years as humans as an organization and the important role we play in our communities. In closing, we are highly aware of the macro challenges across each of our geographies. Ralph and I are exceptionally proud of the creativity, agility, and execution. Our teams continue to demonstrate as we effectively navigate these dynamic times and while we expect the environment to remain choppy in the near term, what gives us confidence to deliver on our commitments are our powerful authentic brand. Ralph built a brand that stands not just for one product but a lifestyle, a dream to aspire to our multi-pronged strategy with diversified growth across regions, consumer groups, categories and channels, and our fortress foundation. With that, I'll hand it over to Jane to discuss our financial results and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results demonstrate solid progress on our NGC accelerate plan, exemplifying our team's execution strength across our multiple strategic drivers and superior operational capabilities in the face of further macro challenges and disruptions around the world. Our top line growth continued with Q2 revenues up 5% on a reported basis and 13% in constant currency ahead of our outlook. This quarter's was once again supported by positive growth in constant currency across all three regions. Operating margin also slightly exceeded our expectations, even with inflationary cost pressures and a more normalized cadence of investments versus last year. We believe our elevated brand focus strategy and targeted investments when combined with our culture of operating discipline and Fortress Foundation enablers put us in a position of strength to continue to drive long-term value creation through uncertain times. Let me take you through our second quarter financial highlights. Total company revenues increased 13% in constant currency above our outlook led by double digit growth in both Asia and Europe. Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem sales continued to outpace our total company rate up mid-teens in constant currency on top of a strong compare of nearly 50% last year. This includes mid-single digit growth within our owned Ralph Lauren and digital sites on top of more than 30% growth last year. We continue to invest in enhanced digital content and storytelling and to expand the breadth of our offering, including the addition of a home shop. In the past year, we are also driving further improvements in the quality of sales with a meaningful increase in full price sales penetration and digital margins still strongly accretive to our overall profitability in the quarter. Total company adjusted gross margin was 64.6% down 270 basis points to last year on a reported basis and 80 basis points in constant currency in line with our outlook. Second quarter AUR was up 18% on top of 15% growth last year. Continued AUR momentum was more than offset by channel mix pressure from stronger than expected wholesale performance and higher product costs including freight. However, the higher freight spend enabled our improved fall on time delivery rates and full price selling to deliver revenue outperformance in the quarter. Compared to fiscal 20 pre-pandemic levels, gross margin was 310 basis points higher in the second quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 13.4% on a reported basis and 16% in constant currency representing 110 basis point decline in constant currency as we normalize spending versus unusually low levels last year during COVID. This was ahead of our outlook driven by strong operating expense discipline and productivity measures. Adjusted operating expenses increased 7% to 51.2% of sales, including marketing expense growth of 18% over last year's lower spend. Marketing was 6.8% of sales in line with our guidance of 6% to 7% for the full year. While we have built increased flexibility across our operating expense structure, we remain committed to investing in our brand, which is driving both near term top line momentum as well as longer term brand equity. Moving to segment performance starting with North America. The region's pivot to growth continues with second quarter revenues up 3%. In North America. Retail comps were flat on top of a strong 31% COVID reopening compare last year. While we were encouraged by positive comp growth in our full price stores, this was offset by softer performance in our outlets. As anticipated in our guidance, our outlet AUR up mid-teens reflects our ongoing brand elevation efforts in the channel. However, we continue to see softness in our value oriented consumers a subsegment of the channel. In the current environment, we are focused on communicating our strong value proposition to the consumer, which as Patrice mentioned continued to strengthen in Q2. This is supported by our targeted personalized communications. We are managing this channel carefully given ongoing macro headwinds and have assumed increased caution in our fiscal 23 outlook North America store traffic trends remain below pre pandemic levels consistent with the broader industry. Although our foreign tourist sales continued to show improvements to last year. Comps in our owned Ralph lauren.com site were down slightly but increased more than 30% on a two year stack. While we were encouraged by our increased penetration of full price sales online, this was offset by higher seasonal clearance to keep inventory clean ahead of holiday. In North America, wholesale revenues increased 8% to last year accelerating sequentially from first quarter trends driven by full price channels. Our strong continued performance reflects our improved brand positioning in the channel with further market share gains in Men's, Women's and Kids versus pre-pandemic levels in key partners. Our sellout grew high single digits to last year on better than expected fall fill rates and enhanced marketing. Our AUR at wholesale also grew high single digits to last year. As we elevated product pulled back promotions and increased targeted communications inventories remain well positioned in the channel versus demand and we have not experienced cancellations to date for either holiday or spring 23. We still expect the channel to be up modestly in the second half of fiscal '23. Despite challenging compares from last year and our more cautious approach to spring 23, inventory buys off price. Sales declined double digits to last year and more than 60% to pre pandemic levels as we realign this channel to be an excess clearance vehicle. Moving on to Europe. Second quarter, revenue was flat on a reported basis and increased 15% in constant currency. Retail comps increased 3% on top of a 27% compare last year. Brick and mortar store comps were flat over last year's strong 28% compare, which benefited from the reopening of all markets post COVID. Total digital ecosystem grew mid-teens in the quarter, including a mid-teen comp in own digital commerce. While the first half trends were robust supported by improved receipt performance, we remain cautious in the second half of fiscal '23 into fiscal 24, given dynamic macro conditions across the region, Europe wholesale grew 9% on a reported basis and 24% in constant currency driven by stronger fall receipts and fill rates. Our outlook continues to embed a notable deceleration in the second half based on strong compares and macro headwinds broadly across the region. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 17% on a reported basis and 33% in constant currency. Asia retail comps were up 25% with strong growth in digital commerce along with brick and mortar stores. Over the last year's easier compares due to store closures by market every country delivered double digit growth or higher in the second quarter. This was led by strong continued momentum in Korea, up 26% in constant currency and sales in Japan, which increased 16% as we lapped COVID restrictions in the prior year period. Following last quarters, heavy COVID restrictions in Shanghai, China returned to robust growth increasing more than 30% in Q2 despite COVID related closures in about 35% of our Mainland stores, nearly all of China's stores were reopened by the end of the quarter. Southeast Asia and Australia both grew triple digits in the period in constant currency lapping, pandemic lockdowns. In the prior year across our regions, our Q2 performance continued to exemplify the diversity of our growth drivers, not just by geography but across product categories and channels. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet continues to be a cornerstone of our fortress foundation, enabling us to balance strategic investments in our brand and business with returning cash to shareholders even through dynamic times. During the second quarter, we returned approximately 220 million to shareholders in the form of our dividend and share repurchases. We ended the period with 1.4 billion in cash and short term investments and 1.1 billion in total debt. Net inventory increased 36% to last year moderating from first quarter trends, but strategically higher to support continued demand for our brand and products earlier receipts and higher goods in transit to mitigate global supply chain delays, increased product costs including freight and cotton, which we will start to overlap in the second half of fiscal '23 and continued elevation of our product mix. We are managing inventories carefully in this dynamic environment. While we still expect inventory growth to remain at similar levels through the holiday, this should become more closely aligned sales by the end of the fiscal year. We believe our inventories are well positioned with 70% of our business comprised of core and replenishment product. As Patrice mentioned, this drives greater consistency in our growth as well as better supply chain planning and visibility and shorter lead times. Looking ahead, our outlook is based on the evolving macro environment including inflationary pressures, disruptions in the global supply chain, COVID-19 foreign currency volatility and the war in Ukraine. We continue to plan across a range of scenarios and this guidance represents our best assessment of market conditions and resulting consumer impacts. For fiscal 23, we are maintaining our full year outlook in constant currency with revenues expected to increase high single digits or about 8% on a 52 week comparable basis. While the first half revenues outperformed our expectations, this incorporates our more cautious view on second half revenues, given the challenging consumer backdrop in Europe and North America. We now expect foreign currency to negatively impact revenues by approximately 730 basis points driven by the strengthening US dollar. As a reminder, we still expect fiscal '23 growth to also be negatively impacted by about 100 basis points, due to the absence of last year's 53rd week. We now expect operating margins at the low end of our previous range of 14 to 14.5% in constant currency. This reflects a more challenging global macro environment, including our more cautious outlook on second half revenues, geographic mix with a higher sales contribution from Asia this year and channel mix, including the impact of a US customs delay on select wholesale shipments in Q3 expected to be resolved in the next few months. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact operating margin by about 200 basis points. This compares to operating margin of 13.1% on a 52 week basis and 13.4% on a 53 week basis last year, both on a reported basis. Gross margin is still expected to increase 30 to 50 basis points on a constant currency basis. We plan to continue driving stronger AUR and favorable product mix more than offsetting increased freight and material costs. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact gross margins by about 170 basis points in fiscal 23. While we still expect input costs to remain structurally higher in the near term, we expect gross margin expansion in the second half of the year as we start to lap higher cost increases. For the third quarter, we expect constant currency revenues to grow in the low to mid-single digit range. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 780 basis points. We expect third quarter operating margin in a range of 17.3 to 17.8% in constant currency. At the midpoint, this represents a roughly 160 basis point increase to last year driven by gross margin expansion. As we start to lap higher air freight costs from last year. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact operating margin by about 180 basis points and gross margin by about 170 basis points in the quarter. We still expect our tax rate in the range of 25 to 26% for the full year and also for the third quarter, and we moderated our CapEx outlook to about 250 to 275 million based on the timing of projects. In closing, we are proud of our team's execution, agility, and progress on our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan this quarter even as we navigate a highly dynamic global operating environment, Ralph created an iconic brand that inspires people around the world to dream. These qualities hold as true today as they did 50 years ago. With our brand as our touchstone, we will continue to focus on what we can control and leverage our multiple engines of growth across geographies, product categories and channels. And with that, let's open up the call for your questions
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Michael Binetti with Crdit Suisse Securities.
Michael Binetti: One for each. I guess Patrice, you outlined the diversified growth engines that the investor day in September. You spoke to them again today. Just given the current macro that you talked to about today, which of these drivers are still the most relevant in your view? And then Jane, so North America operating margin compressed quite a bit relative to pre-COVID levels. Can you speak to where you saw the most pressure? How much is transitory in your opinion and how you're planning that North America margin and holiday in the rest of the year?
Patrice Louvet: Thank you and good morning, Michael. So clearly the macro pressures are out there, right? Inflation currency, geopolitical concerns and so on, and you all know them as well as I do, and they're of course top of mind for us. That said, we have a clear game plan and as you mentioned, multiple diversified engines of growth. What I think is really unique for us is the breadth and depth of these growth drivers. It enables agility, so in other words, we have this unique ability to lean harder on some areas of the strategy if others are more challenged, and Q2 is actually a good illustration of that, taking it across the different growth drivers. If you could look at it from the regional side, we were proud that all of our regions grew top line in constant currency and we delivered disproportionate growth, as you heard in Asia where we're seeing the strength of the brand across just about every single individual country, whether that's, out size growth in Korea, Japan, Australia, Southeast Asia, and we're particularly proud of the continued growth in China. Even with a number of our stores closed with China up 30% this last quarter. If you look at this through the channel lens, we're encouraged that the strength in our full price businesses is more than offsetting the softness that we're seeing from our value oriented consumer subsegment, which is more prevalent in our outlet business. And on the product side, we can flex the breadth of our portfolio and I think we've demonstrated our ability to dial categories up or down for the consumers as their needs desires change. For instance, in this quarter think more sports coats and dresses and less hoodies. So our ability to be agile in this way is a real competitive advantage in a volatile environment, which already served us quite well during COVID. And to this end we really believe that this is the time to continue to be on offense, recruit new consumers and continue to take market share. Jane, over to you on North America.
Jane Nielsen: Okay. So good morning, Michael, and thank you for the question. So in Q2, our margins in North America were negatively impacted by a more normalized level of marketing investments versus last year we were more cautious last year given some of the pressures in store and coming out of COVID and so this year really represents a normalization of that spend. So as that spend normalizes in the second half, we would expect that pressure or that leverage pressure from marketing to abate. We also saw more elevated freight expenses in the quarter as we move to make sure that we could offset receipt delays from global supply chain challenges and have inventory ready for full price selling. We think that that was the right decision. You certainly saw it come through in our AUR this quarter. We're also overlapping some higher labor costs in the year and expect that to abate as well in the second half. So longer term, we the real opportunities in North America, both on the wholesale side and on the DTC side. We're in the earlier phases of our journey in wholesale, so that's encouraging as well as some of the earlier phases in outlet where we see opportunities in the margin between full price in our outlet. So we're optimistic and expect that to start to play out in the second half. Great, thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks and congrats on a nice quarter. Thank you. So Patrice, on current positioning of the Polo brand. What do you see as the global market share opportunity? What have you seen more recently and what have you seen from recent selling trends, maybe a direct to consumer, any change in wholesale orders at all? And then just for Jane, what is your level of visibility on outlet in Europe as we think about the moderation that you've embedded in the guide today?
Patrice Louvet: So Matt, what's exciting about this business candidly is how fragmented the market is, right? So our market share is while we have a sizable business in Polo, Men's, Women's and Kids. In relative terms, its still very small. So we have incredibly long runway when it comes to market share growth across all three businesses. You will have seen in the more recent share reads that we're continuing to grow share on Men's, were continuing to grow share on Women's Continuing to grow share on Kids, particularly strong performance last quarter on kids' share growth. And I think as we look around the world at what Polo stands for, that the type of products that we have within our lifestyle portfolio and what the consumer is looking for right now, we actually feel that we're really in the sweet spot of consumer demand with the breadth of our range and with the overall positioning across Men's, Women's, and Children's. And I think this is as true in North America as it is across Asia, as you heard me, referred to performance earlier as well as in Europe. So I think we're very nicely positioned on Polo and we're going to continue to invest to bring in more consumers, continue to elevate the positioning across that portfolio. When it comes to your question on wholesale orders and Jane and I will tag team on that in the second part listen, there are a few things I would say about our wholesale partnerships right now. First of all, I am really pleased to see how aligned we are strategically with our key wholesale partners, both in North America and around the world. And that's really enabling us to look at things through a similar lens when it comes to, to growth and value creation. We have seen strong progress this past quarter. You saw North America of 8% strong results in Europe and Asia as well. We are not seeing any pullback on orders or any cancellation of orders around the world with our key wholesale partners. So I would say, Matt, as we, as we said in the guidance, we are not seeing cancellations at this point, but we are more cautious and we took a more cautious stance on our spring buys, given the macro pressures that we're seeing. So while we're very happy with our position in sales, especially in the second quarter, we wanted to be well positioned for the holiday season, overlapping a challenging previous quarter. We are embedded in the guidance, a softer outlook for spring based on those macro pressures. And as we look at in the second part of your question, the visibility that we have in outlet in in Europe, we have seen softer trends and we've incorporated those softer trends into our guidance for EMEA. It's not a one country, one region story. I do think that there is variability in the marketplace. This quarter, Germany performed quite well. We saw some more pressures in in the UK, as you might expect, given some of the inflation pressures, coupled with some political uncertainties. Given the fuel pressures and the outlook we have, we've taken a more moderate view across Europe, but especially in some of the countries like Germany, where we expect gas rationing and fuel prices to be an explicit pressure.
Corinna Van Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Gabby Carbone with Deutsche Bank.
Gabby Carbone: Hi, good morning. Congrats on the nice quarter. So my question is on the promotional environment, it is getting, more challenging out there, giving the high inventory levels across the marketplace. What do you believe is working in Ralph Lauren's favor as you continue to deliver higher AURs? And then just as wondering if you could dig into category performance and where within the business you're seeing the strongest demand. Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Of course. Thanks, Gaby. So what we're seeing across the competitive environment, we are seeing an increasingly promotional environment, as was expected, there you can see the results as well as we do. There's excess inventory out there and many are looking to liquidate. But our long term strategy, despite the cure the promotional environment has not changed. We're trying to stay agile and mindful of the competitive environment, but we really have multiple vectors of growth across AUR. And I think that that is really serving us well. Saw that show up in our AUR at plus 18% this quarter. And we're really encouraged underneath the covers that despite our higher AUR, within a more promotional context that we've seen, our value ratings from our consumers continue to increase, increase both versus pre pandemic levels and sequentially again this quarter. So for us, that's a key IOR indicator and gives us a lot of confidence. Now that being said, as we have in the past, we build a strategy that has, that is fully aligned with our long term strategy, but has some flexibility in it. We don't, we are not going to overly react to the promotional environment, but we are going to be strategic about it and know that we need to stay competitive. We feel good about that. We feel good about into the second quarter. We've embedded in our guidance, the confidence that we'll be able to offset inflation with pricing. And you can see that in our implicit gross margin guide. So feeling good and feeling good about the consumer, and especially because it's really based on our multi-year elevation work that we've done as well as the reset work we've done. That's really put us on a healthier base. Yeah, increasing desirability, increasing value equation. Those are things that we're driving and we're really pleased to see because that will drive sustained performance. On the product front, Gaby, probably three things I would call out. One is our core is actually doing quite well. It was mid-teens this past quarter, and as we talked that investor, our core is 70% of the company, It's actually not surprising that it's doing well because I think at times where consumers are more discerning on where they spend their money, obviously they're going to gravitate towards brand they know and trust and learn to gravitate towards products they know and trust. So strengthen the core. We've seen really nice performance in our high potential categories, which were up high teens this past quarter in constant currency. The probably the best performer was again, Outerwear where we saw a very strong performance, where we're also very excited to see the progress we're making on Women's across collection Polo Women's and Lauren. And then the last thing I would highlight is the tailored business continues to, to strengthen and improve. So to my prepared or earlier response to Michael's question, we're seeing more sports coats and less hoodies.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. Great execution this quarter. I wanted to ask you about some of the new consumers the many new consumers you who joined the Ralph Lauren franchise during COVID I think many of them younger. How, are those consumers performing in this kind of post-COVID era? Are they still kind of behaving with not much price resistance to the brand? I'd also love a quick update on the wholesale channel. Just give us a quick reminder on how you and the wholesale, your wholesale partners are managing inventory planning differently today versus in the past as we're seeing some other retailers and brands out there going to get seeing some pockets of blow-ups and inventory that you're seeing seeming to be able to avoid. Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Omar. So listen, we're going to talk team with Jane on this one on the consumer front. So up again, 1.3 million this past quarter. Im really pleased with actually the makeup of that new consumer cohort, younger, exactly, to your point, higher value, less sensitive to promotional activity more, more diverse. When it comes to response to our product and AUR -- we're seeing pretty consistent positive response to our AUR increases across the different products. And again, it really traces back to what Jane mentioned earlier, which is the progress we're making on brand desirability and value equation and our value perception scores are consistent across the different segments, and that is relevant for those younger consumers we're bringing in. I expect with the partnership that some of you may have seen, that we will continue to bring in some of these younger consumers as we're able to really connect with them where they, where they play, no pun intended and, where they want to engage with brands. So feel good about that one. Data point that we're particularly pleased with is retention, right because it's a wonderful thing to bring in new consumers, but you want them to stay within the franchise. So we can drive this concept of lifetime consumer value. And we've seen our retention scores actually strengthen this last quarter across the board, which I think bodes well for, for the future. So Omar, I would just call out a few key differences in terms of our inventory planning with our wholesale partners. I think throughout our reset as Patrice called out, we've had an incredibly productive and transparent dialogues with our wholesale partners and have really approached them with the spirit of partnership. But the focus has really been on sell out performance as the key driver to receipts and expected sell out in the coming seasons. That's been our focus. It's been our mutual focus, and that is a strategy that's really winning for us. In addition for that, we've really tried to pivot the conversation away from VA negotiations towards natural margin accretion for both our wholesale partners and for us. So it's still an emphasis on profitability, it's total system profitability, and it's focused on natural margin, which plays nicely in to the AUR and elevation that we're driving in wholesale. And we're doing that together, of course. And then from an inventory position level, we've made a commitment to be in our wholesale partners with inventory in time for the full spectrum of full price selling. You saw us take some air freight for that, but we're doing the spirit of partnership. And I think it, if you look at this quarter, again, strong sellout, strong AUR performance, that strategy and that partnership of working with them to make sure they have the inventory that the consumer needs has been very productive. We're in good position for holiday. Our inventories are clean, they're fresh. We are above last year's second quarter level because as you'll recall, we were at an artificially low level given supply chain challenges, but we're still about 20% below pre pandemic levels in this same quarter versus FY 20. We think that's the right level given our strategy. So we feel good about it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great, thank you so much. I have a two part question. Patrice, could you elaborate a little bit on the momentum in China that you've seen? Has it continued so far in this quarter and given Singles Day is upon us, is that going to be important for the brand? And just maybe just talk about what some of the key drivers have been in China, and then secondly it seems like the trend in buying back stock has accelerated a little bit from where it was last year, do you expect the trend to continue through the rest of the year? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Very good morning, Jay. Listen, we're really proud of the team's execution in China, actually across the entire APAC region, and we continue to see near and long term brand opportunities in China. What's really working well right now, but has been for a while, right? This is not just a one quarter story, is the fact that the teams are weaving the brand into the fabric of the local culture and translating our core values, our core propositions in a way that's resonating with that younger Chinese consumer, both men and women. And they're taking both global programs that they're translating in the market, and then also complementing that with, with local activities, partnerships with influencers and others. The second piece is the product offering and, and the curating that the team is doing there to really make sure that within the broad range of products that we have, we have items that really resonate with that specific consumer. And I think this Jay, but our highest AUR is actually in China, right? So that's where we're focusing some of our most elevated products and we're seeing very good response from the consumer. The last point is around connected retail, and I think China to some extent is our poster child on connected retail and bringing all of that together digital brick and mortar in a way that is seamless in a way that really meets consumers expectations. So those have been the drivers this past quarter have been the prior quarter -- will continue to be moving forward with really a team that's in touch with that, that local consumer understands that local consumers and ensures that we're showing up in a way that's, that's incredibly relevant there. So our Singles Day is concerned. So Singles Day for us is really more of a brand building opportunity than it is an opportunity to sell a whole bunch of volume. So our game is not high promotional activity. We're not interested in doing that. And over time I think that strategy has worked for us. It's really about brand exposure, brand awareness, brand desirability, and we're in the middle of it. So we will see how ultimately all this has played out, but what we've seen in key events leading up to Singles Day is we've actually seen out outperformance consistently. So our encouraged with how China is going, but I, I put in, in the context of the broader growth drivers for the company of course momentum in China, but we have many geographical opportunities in addition to, to what's happening in China. On the repurchase side, Jay, you have seen us be more, more aggressive are guidance supplies about 450 million to 500 million in buybacks a year. In the first half we've repurchased about 390 million in shares. We tend to be fairly ratable, but opportunistic as well. And given the price where it was, often below $90, we felt that was an outstanding time to buy back our shares and so you saw us lean into that. Again, I think we're comfortable with our annual guidance. We might be on the high side of that and remain opportunistic, but it's about the right range for us from a buy back standpoint. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Chris Nardone: Good morning, Thanks for taking my question. Can you elaborate a little bit on your guidance for gross margin expansion in 3Q? Is there any way to provide guardrails around the magnitude on a reported basis? And then also tied to that, can you just discuss how your expectations for markdown activity in your DTC channel has changed compared to when we last spoke at your investor day? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: So, our guidance does imply a an improvement in in gross margin through the second half. Notably in the fourth quarter, you'll in the second half we'll start to lap higher air freight and product cost increases from last year. And while there's, while we expect those inflationary factor to still be with us, we'll be able to move into higher gross margin as we overlap some of the more significant increases last year. And as you look at it from a roughly a reported basis, I would expect as we called out in the third quarter, that growth that FX would impact us by about 170 basis points. And we're calling that it'll be about similar for the full year. So FX is a meaningful headwind as we as we move through this year. But you'll start to see us get actual gross margin improvement in the second half, both on a reported and a constant currency basis. And then the second part of your questions.
Chris Nardone: Markdowns?
Patrice Louvet: So as we look at a more promotional environment again, our strategy is not changing. We're on an elevation journey. Our long-term pricing strategy is to match our pricing with inflation as we guided before. We expect inflation headwinds to be meaningful in the second half, but we're also confident that we'll be able to offset those inflation factors. Now that being said, we while we won't follow the competition down in any way, we will, we have built flexibility in our plan to make sure that we continue to offer a compelling value to consumers and be competitive on a total value basis in the marketplace.
Corinna Van Ghinst: Last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats on all the momentum. Jane, how do we think about the implied operating margin expansion for the fourth quarter and then the timing and sequencing of operating margin expansion as we get out of fiscal '23, as some of the, the onetime headwinds roll off and freight maybe FX get a little easier? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Yes. So as we look at operating margin expansion in the second half, it's really predicated on that improved gross margin that I just talked about. That'll be the primary driver. You will also see that couple with SG&A leverage. Now we have taken some revenue caution into the second half, but we will still get SG&A leverage in the second half to drive a combination of operating margin expansion through gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage into the second half. So while some of that revenue deleverage has moved us towards, about the 14% constant currency OI margin, we're still very comfortable in our three year outlook of getting to that mid-teens OI margin. Next year I'm not a prognosticator on FX, it's been a meaningful headwind. But next year we feel confident in continuing our elevation journey on some of the margin rich categories that Patrice called out in terms of Outerwear and our Core performing well, we're well positioned with inventory. So we're encouraged by that. Next year as we think about inflation in Q1, we'll renegotiate our freight contract. You're seeing that spot market come down, that'll be a tailwind into next year. We'll also have a more normalized cadence of marketing through the year. So you won't see that first half, second half story play out. And we're also seeing a better cotton environment. So some of those material cost headwinds that we're facing now, we'll start to phase out. And remember, we long buy cotton, so I expect that to be in the second half of fiscal '24. But we've got nice layers of cost -- reasons for cost optimism, should I say, throughout the year,
Corinna Van Ghinst: Jane. All right. Well listen, thank you everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to reconnecting in February to share our third quarter fiscal '23 results and until then, take care and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-08-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties, principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings.  To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. Our strong first quarter performance underscores the resilience and momentum of our business around the world. This follows our significant multiyear reset to transform our consumer base, product portfolio and distribution. These results also validate the strong confidence that Ralph and I have in our teams who are consistently executing with incredible dedication and agility through what continues to be uncertain times.  We exceeded our expectations again on both the top and bottom line with broad-based strength across all 3 regions despite macro headwinds from COVID and inflationary pressures in the quarter. Our teams are driving increasing desirability for our brands and products enabling high-quality consumer recruitment as well as retention.  Our proven ability to drive a strong value proposition for our consumer, which has strengthened over the last 4 years of our strategic plan is an important advantage for Ralph Lauren, especially through times of macro uncertainty. We are obviously highly attentive to the volatility highlighted recently by our retail peers across the price spectrum. And while we are not immune to broader macro headwinds, we remain focused on what we can control. We have many areas of strength that include a powerful, differentiated brand that we continue to invest in, a strong core business that is resilient through challenging cycles, a more flexible expense structure, a diversified global supply chain with proven agility and discipline in our inventory management and a robust balance sheet, which enables us to make the right decisions for the long-term health of our business.  And while we continue to adapt to shifting macro developments, this strong foundation gives us confidence as we drive our business across multiple engines of long-term growth. These include: first, continuing to drive brand heat and desirability; second, leveraging our luxury halo and unique multi-category lifestyle proposition, where we can dial certain product categories up or down as consumer needs evolve; and third, rolling out our ecosystem strategy led by digital.  We are balancing these priorities with our ongoing focus on productivity, an important driver to fuel our top and bottom line growth and spanning everything we do is our commitment to deliver positive impact in the world across citizenship and sustainability.  Our first quarter performance was a strong example of our progress across each of these areas. Let me take you through a few of our first quarter highlights across the strategic pillars of our Next Great Chapter plan. First, on our efforts to win over a new generation. In the current operating environment, we remain focused on investing in our brand to deliver a clear, differentiated message to our target consumers. Our multifaceted marketing strategy is focused on leveraging our core brand values to connect authentically with consumers, strengthening existing relationships and recruiting new and younger high-value consumers around the world.  This was particularly evident in the first quarter where we continue to focus our investments on driving brand desirability across a diverse range of activities. First, we kicked off the 50th anniversary celebration of our iconic Polo shirt this spring with a 360-degree campaign and book launch across our stores, social media and celebrity moments, which we amplified globally. While our business is so much more than a Polo shirt, this icon is a testament to the unique emotional connection consumers have with our brand across ages, genders and geographies.  You may have seen our dynamic billboards in the heart of Seoul, Paris, London and L.A. We also launched a limited edition vintage Polo collection in stores and our latest sustainable Earth Polo.  We invited our fans throughout the world to share touching personal stories about their memories with the Polo shirt on social media. As consumers increasingly value brands that are timeless and authentic, we continue to weave Ralph Lauren into the fabric of modern culture around the world.  Similarly, we celebrated the optimism and perseverance of sport through our 17th annual sponsorship of the Wimbledon Championships. Inspired by our timeless spectator style, this year's new uniforms combine the heritage of our brand with modern silhouettes and fabrications, including the use of recycled materials. And we continue to capture key brand moments that resonate with fashion lovers around the world, including our Gilded Glamour dressing at this year's Met Gala.  Friends of the brand like Alicia Keys and her showstopping to the New York City skyline with , Ryan Reynolds and Jay Balvin channeling old Hollywood and the always daring were all featured in our brand. These activations attracted younger full-price consumers to our business driving another quarter of strong top line growth.  New consumers on our digital sites grew nearly 70% to pre-pandemic levels. And our online search trends grew high teens to last year in Q1, led by our Polo shirt and spring luxury campaigns, significantly outperforming our peers globally.  Touching on our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories. Ralph and our design teams continue to deliver the products consumers are craving in this moment, with broad-based strength across our range of luxury lifestyle categories.  People are coming together again with a renewed appetite for style from a fresh approach to wear to work, to weddings and other social gatherings, our brand is uniquely positioned to capture this mix of sophisticated and casual dressing.  Product highlights this quarter included our global Polo shirt campaign, which drove strong performance across a range of styles from our core mesh to our seasonal prints and novelty offerings. This strong trend was reinforced by the introduction of our Upcycled Polo Shirts, celebrating the timeless quality and consumers' emotional connection to this iconic style.  Our Cobble Hill collection for Polo mens, which celebrates our sophisticated sportswear in the modern wardrobe. And our Athletic Club collection, bringing classic tennis and golf inspired styling to the next-generation was a standout for the season.  With strong sales in lightweight sporting windbreakers, rugby shirts and fleece in classic combinations of white and dark green. From our clean summer whites to our colorful Classics, Ralph Lauren embodied the exuberance of a return to head-to-toe dressing at its best.  Shifting gears to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. We continued our long-term strategy of investing in our key city ecosystems around the world in the first quarter, with a focus on elevating our touch points with the consumer across every channel.  During the quarter, we opened more than 60 new stores and concessions in top cities globally. Nearly all of our store openings were in Asia and notably the Chinese mainland, where our brand momentum and opportunities remain strong despite transitory COVID lockdowns. Following our first 2 emblematic store openings last year in Beijing and Shanghai, we opened a third emblematic concept in Chengdu, another key city cluster, which also included our first restaurant and bar in China, reinforcing our lifestyle offering in the market. And while roughly 50% of our China stores were negatively impacted by COVID closures in the quarter, driving Mainland sales down 10% to last year in constant currency, we continue to reinforce our elevated brand positioning in the market.  Our festival performance outpaced our closest peers by double digits, while we also increased our penetration of full-price sales. We remain confident in our long-term growth trajectory in China with strong brand momentum and an encouraging recovery in performance as COVID-related store restrictions were lifted in late June as expected. We continue to watch our key markets carefully, including the ongoing impact of COVID variants.  Moving to our priority of leading with digital. We have made significant progress over the last 4 years in repositioning our digital business, putting it on the path of strong margin-accretive growth that is outpacing total company growth. This progress is underscored by our recent ranking in the for 2022, where we were proud to rank #2 among 75 global luxury retailers, up from number 5 last year.  First quarter sales for our total Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce, grew mid-single digits in constant currency. This was on top of an exceptionally strong compare of more than 80% last year and about 85% growth in first quarter of fiscal '21.  Within our own Ralph Lauren digital sites, sales grew high single digits in the first quarter. We continue to drive strong full price selling as we deliver the right mix of products and invest in AI-powered targeting and high-quality new consumer acquisition.  We also launched new localized digital commerce sites to support our ecosystem expansion globally. This includes the 21 sites launched in Europe in fiscal '22 and new sites added in the first quarter in India and Israel.  Our Asia digital ecosystem once again drove the fastest growth globally, over a smaller base, up more than 60% in constant currency to last year. This was led by triple-digit growth in Korea and 40% growth in China, where our digital businesses outperformed peers and the broader market despite disrupted supply chains in Shanghai and shipment restrictions on nonessential goods.  We were also encouraged by early performance in our Australia digital flagship, which we launched at the end of Q4.  Moving to our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth. Our teams have operated with incredible agility to mitigate emerging macro challenges, delivering operating margins ahead of our expectations in the first quarter despite increased cost headwinds.  In June, we published our timeless by design, global citizenship and sustainability report, outlining our commitments to address our impact. I encourage you all to download the report from our website, let me highlight a couple of exciting initiatives. First, we officially announced our first cradle-to-cradle certified product with our iconic luxury cashmere sweater launching later this fiscal year with more C2C products to come.  And we're kicking off our Live On Promise to enable our past and future products to live on responsibly by 2030. In addition, we were proud to recently be named one of Best Companies for Women to advance for the third year in a row as we further our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts.  In closing, our company has weathered a variety of macro environments over the last 55 years, not to mention the last 3, with our organization emerging stronger and more agile than ever before. Ralph and I are incredibly proud of the passion and execution our teams have demonstrated throughout all while staying true to the values that have made this brand revered and emotionally connected since its inception. And I am confident that the healthy foundations we've put into place along with our multiple engines of growth will enable us to continue driving toward our commitments of long-term value creation.  As always, we remain keenly focused on what we can control, and are executing on our long-term strategic initiatives while continuing to navigate an uncertain global environment. We look forward to sharing more with you at our Investor Day next month.  And before I turn it over to Jane, I'd like to welcome Deb Cupp, who joined our Board of Directors last week, currently the President of Microsoft North America, she will bring important perspective to our digital acceleration and more. Ralph and I would also like to thank Parting Director, , who has served on our Board since 2001, and for many years of leadership and dedication to the company.  With that, I'll hand it to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results demonstrate the broad-based strength of our strategic plan, the durability of our business model and the execution excellence of our teams in the face of challenges and disruptions around the world. Our pivot to offense showed in our top line growth with Q1 revenues up 8% on a reported basis and 13% in constant currency, above pre-pandemic levels and more than 500 basis points above our outlook. This was supported by positive growth across all 3 regions, despite lapping our final quarter of major distribution resets and COVID-related shutdowns in China.  Operating profit dollars also grew versus pre-pandemic levels with continued operating expense discipline helping to mitigate transitory cost pressures. And we achieved all of this while continuing to drive important investments in marketing, digital, new stores and people.  We believe our elevated brand, focused strategy and targeted investments when combined with our culture of operating discipline and fortress balance sheet gives us a position of strength to continue to drive long-term value creation through uncertain times.  Let me take you through our first quarter financial highlights. Total company revenues, up 13% in constant currency, significantly outperformed our outlook. Results included roughly 4 points of negative impact from our divestiture of Club Monaco and licensing of our North American Chaps brand last year, implying even stronger underlying growth.  Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem sales grew mid-single digits in constant currency on top of more than 80% growth last year. Our owned Ralph Lauren digital sites grew high single digits on top of last year's 49% compare, reflecting our compelling product assortments, new consumer acquisition and user-friendly connected retail capabilities. Digital margins remain strongly accretive to our profitability in the quarter.  Total company adjusted gross margin was 68%, down 180 basis points to last year on a reported basis and 80 basis points in constant currency.  First quarter AUR was up 8% on top of 18% growth last year. Solid AUR momentum was more than offset by higher-than-anticipated freight spend, which helps support our strong spring on-time delivery rates and full price selling to deliver revenue outperformance in the quarter.  Compared to fiscal '20 pre-pandemic levels, gross margin was 350 basis points higher in the first quarter. We continue to expect freight raw materials and labor costs to pressure gross margins this year, particularly through Q2 until we start to lap higher cost increases in the second half of the year.  We plan to leverage our multipronged elevation strategy to continue driving AUR in order to mitigate mid- to high single-digit product cost inflation this year.  Adjusted operating margin was 12.7%, down 410 basis points on a reported basis and 270 basis points in constant currency as we normalize spending versus unusually low levels last year due to COVID. This was ahead of our outlook driven by strong operating expense discipline and productivity initiatives.  Adjusted operating expenses increased 13% to 55.2% of sales, including marketing expense growth of about 40% over last year's lower spend. Marketing was 7% of sales at the high end of our guidance of 6% to 7% for the full year. While we have built increased flexibility across our operating expense structure, we remain committed to investing in our brand, which is driving both near-term top line momentum and share gains as well as longer-term brand equity.  Moving to segment performance, starting with North America. The region's improved trajectory continues with first quarter revenues up 6%. These results included about 3 points of headwind from our licensing of Chaps, implying even stronger underlying growth. Q1 represents the final quarter of meaningful headwinds from our North America strategic resets.  In North America Retail, comps increased 5% to last year, led by double-digit growth in our full-price stores. Performance was driven by improved traffic, larger basket sizes and 12% AUR growth on top of 39% last year, reflecting our ongoing elevation around product mix, marketing and more targeted pricing and promotions. Foreign tourist sales continued to show sequential improvement, but we're still below pre-pandemic levels.  Our premium position helped our outlet channel deliver positive comp growth in the quarter. However, growth was more modest than in our full-price business. We attribute this partially to higher cost pressures and weaker consumer sentiment among value-oriented shoppers across the marketplace.  We are rolling out a number of interventions. These include leveraging our AI-driven targeted communications, accelerating new ways of selling to support conversion, expediting shipments of core products that are selling well and more. We will continue to watch this channel carefully given ongoing macro headwinds and have embedded increased caution in our current fiscal '23 outlook.  Comps in our owned RalphLauren.com site grew 2% on top of a strong 51% compared last year, supported by solid demand for our products and ability to retain newly acquired consumers. In North America Wholesale, revenues increased 5% to last year, significantly above our expectations. Results included about 8 points of negative impact from licensing Chaps. This outperformance was driven by our full-price wholesale business, reflecting our improved brand positioning in the channel.  Sellout grew mid-teens to last year on better-than-expected spring fill rates and enhanced marketing. Our AUR at wholesale also grew double digits to last year as we further elevated product, pull back promotions and increased targeted communications.  We are winning with the consumer with continued market share gains in men's, women's and kids in our key partners. Inventory growth was also broadly aligned with sellout.  While we are watching macro developments carefully, we continue to be strongly encouraged by our healthy foundation and broad-based momentum across North America, setting the path for long-term growth.  Moving on to Europe. First quarter revenues increased 17% on a reported basis and 28% in constant currency. Retail comps increased 34%, brick-and-mortar store comps grew 45% to last year when approximately 15% of our stores were closed, along with further heavy restrictions from the Delta variant. Digital commerce comps grew 7% on top of a 98% compare last year, when widespread COVID closures shifted a disproportionate share of business online.  Europe wholesale exceeded our expectations again this quarter, up 8% on a reported basis and 20% in constant currency, driven by stronger fall bookings and fill rates, reorder trends and sustained growth with our digital pure plays.  Turning to Asia. Revenues increased 16% on a reported basis and 26% in constant currency. Asia retail comps grew 19% on top of a 43% compare last year, with digital commerce increasing 37% and brick-and-mortar stores up 17%. We maintained strong momentum across our total digital ecosystem in the region with more than 60% growth this quarter. This was supported by double-digit increases across our owned sites and wholesale digital businesses.  By market, first quarter sales in Japan improved sequentially to 32% in constant currency following last quarter's Omicron restrictions. This represents a double-digit increase to pre-pandemic levels in fiscal '20. Strong momentum also continued in Korea, where sales grew 30% in the quarter. And both Australia, New Zealand and Southeast Asia grew double and triple digits in the period, respectively.  Our broad-based performance helped to offset strict COVID lockdowns in the Chinese Mainland this quarter, where total sales declined 10% in constant currency due to store closures. Based on our strong return to positive sales growth from late June onward, we remain optimistic about the resilience of the Chinese consumer and our continued brand momentum in the market. And while we continue to manage through COVID disruptions, including recent lockdowns in Macau and Hong Kong, our teams are driving offense across our other key markets to deliver strong double-digit growth.  Moving on to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet continues to be a source of strength, enabling us to balance strategic investments in our brand and business with returning cash to shareholders even through dynamic times. During the first quarter, we returned approximately $260 million to shareholders in the form of our dividend and share repurchases. We also paid down $500 million in debt that matured in June to end the quarter with $1.8 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.1 billion in total debt. This compared to $3 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.6 billion in total debt last year.  Net inventory increased 47%. Similar to the previous quarter, this growth is to support strong demand for our brand and products, a deliberate increase in goods in transit as we take inventory earlier to help mitigate supply chain delays, particularly in wholesale. Increased product costs, including freight and cotton, which we will start to lap in the second half of fiscal '23 and continued elevation of our product mix. Based on these trends, we expect inventory to remain at similar levels through holiday, becoming more closely aligned to sales by the end of the fiscal year.  We are managing inventory very carefully in this dynamic environment. In order to satisfy robust consumer demand, while maintaining our long-term quality of sales trajectory. This includes leveraging our strong core and replenishment business, which has greater supply chain visibility and shorter lead times to effectively flex up or down as needed with demand as we did most recently through the pandemic.  Looking ahead, our outlook is based on the evolving macro environment, including inflationary pressures, disruptions in the global supply chain, COVID-19, foreign currency volatility and the war in the Ukraine. We continue to plan across a range of scenarios, and this guidance represents our best assessment of market conditions and resulting consumer impact.  For fiscal '23, we are maintaining our full year outlook in constant currency with revenues expected to increase high single digits, centering on 8% on a 52-week comparable basis. Based on unfavorable spot rates, however, foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 600 basis points. As a reminder, we still expect fiscal '23 growth to also be negatively impacted by about 100 basis points due to the absence of last year's 53rd week.  In addition to the factors we outlined last quarter, including FX, softer consumer sentiment in Europe and Q1 China COVID lockdowns, our updated full year outlook also incorporates increased caution around our value-oriented consumers in North America, notably the potential for softer traffic and conversion rates through the end of the year. That said, we are reiterating our full year revenue outlook based on our strong Q1 outperformance and diversified engines of growth.  We still expect operating margin in the range of 14% to 14.5% in constant currency. Foreign currency is now expected to negatively impact operating margin by approximately 180 basis points. This compares to operating margin of 13.1% on a 52-week basis and 13.4% on a 53-week basis last year, both on a reported basis.  Gross margin is still expected to increase 30 to 50 basis points on a constant currency 52-week basis. We plan to continue driving stronger AUR and favorable product mix more than offsetting increased freight and material costs. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact gross margins by about 150 basis points in fiscal '23.  We still expect gross margin contraction in the first half of the year due to increased freight pressures to meet demand. This is followed by gross margin expansion in the second half of the year as we start to lap the significant input cost increases.  For the second quarter, we expect constant currency revenue growth in a range centering on 11%. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 750 basis points.  We expect second quarter operating margin in the range of 15.4% to 15.7% in constant currency, reflecting increased headwinds from higher freight and marketing expense which are expected to normalize in the second half of the year. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact operating margins by about 240 basis points in the quarter.  Second quarter gross margin is expected to contract about 40 to 80 basis points in constant currency with further AUR growth more than offset by increased freight and product costs. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact gross margins by about 190 basis points in the quarter.  We still expect our tax rate in the range of 25% to 26% for the full year and also for the second quarter. We continue to expect CapEx of about $290 million to $310 million.  In closing, we delivered another strong quarter inspired by Ralph's creative vision, coupled with the agility, dedication and relentless execution of our teams, all while continuing to navigate a volatile, global operating environment.  While staying grounded in the macro developments, we remain confident in our multiple engines of growth. We are laser-focused on what we can control: strengthening our consumer base; enhancing the desirability of our timeless brand; and maintaining operating discipline across our business.  And with that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Jay Sole with UBS Securities.
Jay Sole: Great. My question is the global operating environment appears to be getting more challenging from inflation and weak consumer sentiment, just to a more intense promotional stance of some of your peers. So what gives you confidence that you are better positioned versus your peers to continue driving offense and deliver growth in this kind of environment and particularly in Europe?
Patrice Louvet: Well, thank you for your question. Yes, it has been a more challenging operating environment. And as you heard us talk about in the prepared remarks, we do expect more choppiness ahead given the various macro signals. But we still have strong confidence in our game plan and our ability to navigate and execute successfully through this choppiness.  As you know well, we've been repositioning this company for the past 4 years to establish a very strong, broad foundation with multiple engines of growth ahead. And I will highlight 4 clear sustainable advantages.  The first one is an iconic lifestyle brand. With consumer metrics like desirability that are improving in every market, as you know, we track our brand perception in our top 7 markets monthly and we continue to see strengthening across the board. And we have millions of consumers joining our brand every year. This past quarter, we had 1.3 million consumers join us on top of over 5 million last year.  The second element is the unique breadth of our product offering. We're really the only brand that can credibly offer categories from sneakers to tuxedos, which means we have the ability to dial up and dial down specific elements based on consumer demand and desire.  The third is a clear and regionally balanced go-to-market strategy so that even if one region is adversely affected, we're diversified across market and can offset in other parts of the world. And I think we've also proven our ability to rebound quickly as recently demonstrated again in China where you saw that we were able to deliver strong performance given half of our stores were closed for the majority of the quarter.  And the fourth area I would call out is a diversified and agile supply chain. There's been work that's been going on for the 5-plus years to really establish that. And that has proven to be both a huge asset and a major competitive advantage for us as we navigate this [indiscernible] world. And supporting all of this work, we have an organization that is engaged, that has fully embraced operational discipline, as you've seen with our continued margin expansion versus pre-pandemic levels.  So net-net, I would say we're staying in touch, of course, with what's happening. And while we're not immune to macro pressures, we are staying focused on the medium and long-term direction for the company.  If I had to sum up where our current position is in 3 words, I would say offense, agility and pragmatic. Offense, to maintain and fuel our momentum. Agility, as we face a continually volatile operating environment and pragmatic and choiceful about where we use our resources to ensure we continue to build our brand and our market position for the long term.
Corinna Van Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: I guess one at higher level and then maybe one on the near-term. [indiscernible] Around guidance for the year, the top line and the bottom line despite the currency movements here. Maybe just some of the puts and takes around how you were able to hold the guidance on the top and the bottom.  And then I just want to circle up on -- Jane, it looks like you're bracing for a little bit tougher trend potentially in the North America outlets. Can you speak to what August looks like in direct-to-consumer or anything that's fueling your concerns? Are you seeing that slow down now? Or is it something you're just anticipating?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks, Michael. We were pleased with the performance this quarter, and it really helped us to maintain our full year constant currency guidance in the context of a lot of macro choppiness out there. And as you would expect, we're actively scenario planning around the consumer. And I'll get to your value consumer at the end. But I did want to just walk you through some of the puts and takes on the guide for fiscal '23.  First, on the top line, really, our positive performance trends in international gave us some flexibility on the full year as both Europe and Asia came in stronger than we initially expected back in May. China was largely locked down, as Patrice mentioned, in Q1, but was offset by the strength in other countries, Korea, Japan and Australia, all performed extremely strongly through the quarter. So we were very pleased with that. And Europe also trended well despite the known political and consumer macro headwinds there. So we're pleased with Europe through the quarter and have been cautious entering the year.  And while we see North America on a nice, healthy mid-single-digit growth trajectory, we are adding some additional caution around the value-oriented consumer. This really speaks to the inflationary headwinds and weaker consumer sentiment that's out there. We're not naive about what's happening to that consumer from a macro standpoint and wanted to make sure that we were building that in overall.  And I say that for the guidance, this all speaks to our diversified engines of growth and gives us confidence in continuing our strategy despite a more uncertain environment. And our margins, clearly, we're managing through cost inflation that we've communicated over the last several quarters.  But there are some signs of relief on the horizon. I don't think they'll impact fiscal '23. But given we've got proven pricing strategies, we've reengineered many aspects of our cost structure, and we are laser focused on ROI. We feel pretty balanced on our margin guidance at this point.  So in terms of the second part of your question around the value-oriented consumer, we think that we're watching the macro developments carefully. And Q1 was solid. As you saw, we had positive comps in factory. But we saw outperformance in our full-price stores as that consumer remained healthy and robust.  And so with that disparity -- which has been happening over the past 5 quarters. So this is not anything new. But given that disparity, we thought it was prudent, given what's happening with that consumer externally to take a more cautious approach in the back half, notably on that consumer.  So we feel good about where we're at. We feel about good maintaining our full year guidance. And I do think we've derisked the back half of it with that -- with some caution around that value consumer.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: So Patrice, on the multiyear foundational initiatives that you walked through and that you've put in place, when do you believe you saw the inflection in the organization that for this year supports your reiterated 8% constant currency top line forecast, and that's despite the dynamic macro backdrop? But then also, how do you see these initiatives as accretive multiyear if we're thinking about your sustainable top line plan, which I think in the past was cemented in the low to mid-single digits?
Patrice Louvet: Thanks for your question. Listen, I think let's take it by region on the first part of your question. Certainly, our business has been on a very strong trajectory in APAC for years, right? And that's really where a lot of the concepts that we've expanded across other regions have originated. The work on ecosystem, the work on brand elevation, the work on AUR growth. We then took that to Europe, I would say, 18 to 24 months ago, and we've seen the benefit of that play out. And you saw another very strong performance this past quarter in Europe in what, as Jane described, was a pretty volatile environment. And then as far as North America is concerned, we had a lot of resetting to do to get the business on healthy foundations both from a consumer targeting standpoint, bringing in a younger, more elevated consumer, from a product standpoint, focusing disproportionately on more elevated proposition. From a go-to-market standpoint, resetting our wholesale distribution, completely transforming our digital operations. Most of that is now in place, Matt.  So I think as we started this fiscal year, we're lapping a couple of elements, Chaps, licensing, Club Monaco, sale. But all in all, I think the entire organization is now in execution mode relative to the strategy that we're applying across all of the regions.  We do expect, as I mentioned in response to question, these building blocks to be sustained for many years, right? If you think about the elements that we have, we have a brand that just keeps getting stronger and stronger every quarter that goes by. And this isn't just me saying it. This is the consumer telling us that in the tracking that we do on a monthly basis. It's getting stronger on awareness, getting stronger on brand consideration, getting stronger on Net Promoter Score. Our luxury perception is increasing, actual scores were very strong in North America this past quarter, thanks to all the good work our marketing teams are doing there.  Our product portfolio, both our core, which is going to be particularly helpful as we navigate discontinued uncertainty and has proven to be a real strength for this company during more difficult times is coupled with high-growth categories where we are seeing momentum acceleration. And I really expect, Matt, that this will continue for quite some time, whether that's the focus on women's, whether that's the focus on outerwear and others.  And then our key city ecosystem, which is very focused, top 30 cities, frankly, there's still a lot of white space. And as we continue to strengthen these ecosystem, we're seeing consumer response that we're really pleased with. We talked about in the prepared remarks, the opening we just did in Chengdu, that establishes brand's presence in another key influential area of China. And we're going to be activating the full ecosystem as we've done in other key cities like Shanghai and Beijing, but we're also doing that now in North America.  So looking at -- context, looking at continued volatility, which I think if you just reflect on the past few years is, I think, the new normal for our generation right now, these elements are sustainable, and they are real competitive advantages. And we will continue to sharpen the saw to get better and better as time goes by, but I expect these to drive momentum for us for a while.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I think there are a few pivotal moments that we've seen as we really started to develop multiple engines of growth through the post-pandemic period. One was, as China came back after -- and we had pivoted to extensive digital growth, we continued digital growth and saw a big acceleration in comps. So that was, I think, a pivotal moment for us in APAC. In Europe, as we went into the pandemic, you saw very strong e-commerce growth that was based on new consumer acquisition at higher operating margins. I think that was a pivotal moment in Europe. And then in North America, starting in Q4 of '21, our sellout went positive in wholesale has maintained positive along with share gains and pricing increases. And at the same time, we started to really move having reset our business in RLE and you saw nice growth and big margin movements in RLE in North America. I think that Q4 '21 was also a pivotal moment, and those all give us confidence in the pivot to strong positive growth that we're guiding to this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Nice to see the progress. Jane, you just mentioned what I was thinking about is wholesale and the pickup in strength in wholesale that you've been seeing across the board. How do you think about that as different drivers in each region? Is there different reasons for each? Is it the refurbishment of the in-store shops in terms of what you've been seeing? And then to pick up on that, on your 30 key cities retail store network, where are you in that redevelopment?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Well, Dana, it is a story that's different across the different regions. In North America wholesale, you'll recall, this has been a long-term strategy. So I think the first stage was really getting out of about 2/3 of our doors and really elevating to the higher end of the doors with our wholesale partners. That was step one. Step two was working with our partners even in the -- more than a year in advance of the pandemic to say we are going to take pricing. We're going to take pricing in partnership with you. We started to do that in FY '21, have improved it in our own stores. And that's been a real pivotal moment. Our inventories were clean. We prepared for it. We had the momentum in the market in our own stores, and we've pivoted to what you're seeing this quarter, which is double-digit growth on a mid-teens sellout so very positive dynamics that really had the groundwork laid many years ago. And now it's pivotal.  The partnership with our wholesale partners has never been stronger. We've moved into this strategy together. We were prepared for it. And so we're moving in partnership. And of course, we're reinvesting in those wholesale doors, not just in North America but also in Europe. And I think the strength in Europe has come from -- we were already in very elevated partners. And there's a very strong pure-play component where we have great representation and are gaining share in Europe. So strong partnerships in Europe that we did -- we've been doing the strong elevation journey, and they've been following in that elevation journey, with great momentum from our digital pure play partners and the pure play digital components of our more traditional partners. So very strong and very pleased with our wholesale around the world.  Wholesale is are a very small portion of the Asia Pac business. It's much more concessional.  And our journey on the key cities is really about creating the right ecosystem, which includes every touchpoint. You saw that in our guidance this year, we expect to open 200 new doors around the world, largely in Asia, but also in Europe and North America. Those are important pieces of the ecosystem. You've seen us open emblematic doors. The door in , the Chengdu door that Patrice talked about. They are centers for the ecosystem. And the work we're doing on wholesale and as we roll out local sites are really an important part of that third -- top 30 key city ecosystems.  So we have a proven model. We're continuing to roll it out. It goes across every touch point of the consumer, and we're pleased with our progress. And I think you'll see as we close out this year, we'll have a -- we'll have another year of good progress there.
Patrice Louvet: And Dana, I would add to Jane's perspective on the top 30 cities. What's interesting, particularly when you look at the luxury landscape right now and I was in the conversation earlier this morning on this topic where you see a number of luxury players pivot from China to the U.S. in terms of investments. For us, as we look at our top 30 cities, they're pretty balanced across the 3 key regions that we operate in. And the U.S. still represents significant white space opportunity for us. So we're going to double down on that opportunity but continue to invest in APAC, continue to invest in Europe. We recently opened a couple of stores in the Berlin area, which is a key iconic cultural city for our brand. So I think you can expect that to be pretty -- it continue to be a broad-based effort across all 3 key regions for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Congrats on your continued success. I wanted to do a quick clarification, Jane. Did you say the spread between full price and outlets was widening? Or that was just maintaining the same level? And then I wanted to ask for a little bit more detailed response around China. It seems like you guys are putting up really strong numbers there at a time when others are struggling, given the lockdowns. Is it fair to say that the brand is at an inflection point in China? And if so, why now?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So what we said about -- we said for the last 5 quarters, we've seen a disparity between our full price comps in our outlet comps. And so as we look ahead, we are, I think, mindful of what could be coming for the value consumer based on the macros and wanted to embed some caution in our forward guidance for the balance of the year.
Patrice Louvet: And when it comes to -- Is there anything else you want to add? No? When it comes to China, yes, we are very pleased with the work that our teams are doing in that market and the performance we are delivering. I don't know, Omar, that I would talk about an inflection point. We are seeing a general pace of growth that is quite healthy and strong, right? Digital was up 40% this past quarter in China, despite all the delivery challenges because of the lockdowns.  I think if you boil it down to the 3 key drivers for us, the team is doing a very nice job on the brand front, balancing global storytelling like our recent publisher's initiative, along with working with local influencers and local content and messaging. And I think that's really weaving the brand into the local culture in a way that is bringing in more consumers, younger consumers, more elevated consumers.  On the product front, I think the gang is doing a great job curating our global lineup to really make sure that we're delivering along the more elevated expectations of that customer. And we're seeing a really nice balance between our men's and women's business. It's actually the more balanced split that we have across the world. And actually, the Chinese market is a great source of inspiration for us as we continue to elevate our product.  And then we touched on it a couple of times earlier in this call, but the power of the ecosystem, right? And I actually think there's a virtual cycle there, as we build capabilities on the digital front as we establish iconic store presence that just consistently builds on itself and get stronger and stronger as time goes by.  So listen, we're not out of touch with the realities of lockdowns and things like that. But we feel like the brand is really nicely positioned in China at this point. It's something we're going to continue to invest in. And the key for us is to really stay in touch with that local consumer.
Corinna Van Ghinst: Last question, please, Angela?
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Christopher Nardone: So you talked about your ability to pivot categories depending on the demand environment. Can you just talk little bit more about which categories have shown the strongest demand in the most recent months and then maybe some categories that are either dragging or may have a little bit too much inventory?
Patrice Louvet: Sure, Chris. So it's actually really interesting to see what's happening with the consumer right now. And we're actually really uniquely positioned to capture the consumers evolving wardrobe choice. Because what we're seeing is a combination of reinvesting in core wardrobes. So specifically, that's products like sweaters or denim and then a pivot towards newness and elevation and sophistication, right?  So the pivot towards newness for us will translate into more elevated cashmere sweaters, for example, or a novelty and matching . And then you have consumers not going out during the day, right? And it's still early days on that journey, and therefore, a need for greater outerwear and need for greater dresses and need for greater sports coats.  And then we're also seeing more evening activities more going out. So obviously, that's supporting and impacting our overall evening where more dressier parts of the portfolio.  So general direction of travel is elevation for your sophistication. Chris, when I look at categories, there are no categories where we feel we are heavy, if I could use that terminology. I think the team has done a nice job managing inventory across all of these, and that's the result of shorter lead times, greater agility, greater diversification in our supply chain. But very clearly, we are seeing the consumer pivot towards more sophisticated, more elevated products versus what we saw during COVID, that was much more athleisure reliant.  All right. Thank you for that question, Chris. Well, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to sharing our updated strategic plan with all of you mid-September, September 19. Until then, stay safe, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-05-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2022 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations Web site. And now, I'll turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We are pleased to report strong fourth quarter and full-year results that exceeded our expectations on both the top and bottom line. This year's performance underscores the strength of our business and desirability of our brand around the world, with both strong loyalty among our existing consumer base and enabling new high-value consumer recruitment. Ralph and I are inspired everyday by our team's engagement, agility, and execution, which is driving this progress. As we enter fiscal '23, our consumer remains healthy and motivated to invest in the timeless quality products we have always stood for. While we consistently adapt to ever-changing macro developments, our strong brand momentum will continue to be supported by multiple engines of growth. These include, first, continuing to drive brand heat and desirability with increased marketing investment and a combination of iconic lifestyle campaigns and precision marketing. Second, leveraging our unique, multi-category lifestyle proposition to drive the mix of sophisticated and casual dressing consumers crave. As we look ahead, there remain significant opportunities for category expansion and continued product elevation. And third, rolling out key city ecosystem strategy, which integrates a brand-elevating, cohesive consumer experience across our touch points. Originally developed in Asia, we're still in the early innings of scaling this model across each of our regions, including North America. Within this ecosystem, we lead with digital commerce, which continues to represent a significant growth opportunity while already solidly accretive to every region's profitability. Woven into all of these engines of growth is our focus on delivering positive impact in the world, across citizenship, and sustainability. Our fourth quarter performance was a great example of the continued progress we're making across these priorities as we pivot to growth while maintaining our culture of productivity. Despite macro headwinds from COVID, the devastating war in Ukraine and significant inflationary pressures, we expanded operating margin and each of our regions reported strong double-digit top line growth fueled by digital. Let me take you through a few of our fourth quarter and fiscal '22 highlights across the strategic pillars of our Next Great Chapter plan. First, on our efforts to win over a new generation, from our iconic brand moments at the summer and Winter Olympics to our launches in gaming and the metaverse, consumers around the world are connecting more than ever to our brand positioning and product portfolio. We're also strengthening our relationships with higher-income consumers across both our new and existing consumer base. This was particularly evident in the fourth quarter where we shifted a significant portion of this year's investments to drive brand desirability across a diverse range of activities. First, this March marked our celebratory return to the runway at New York's Museum of Modern Art, where our men's and women's fashion show immersed viewers in the world of Ralph Lauren, as only Ralph can. On stage and in the audience were faces familiar to the brand, including Janelle Mone; Gigi and Bella Hadid; Emily in Paris' Lily Collins; New York City Mayor, Eric Adams; and our newest fragrance ambassador, Angus Cloud; from the hit show Euphoria. As we continue to amplify our events globally, we delivered our most successful TikTok campaign ever around the show, with our largest growth in new followers on the platform this year. You may have seen our exciting partnership with Morehouse and Spelman Colleges this quarter, honoring the legacy of HBCUs and their contribution to the culture of American fashion. Inspired by the rich heritage and esteemed traditions of these two schools, this creative collaboration is just one example of our commitment to evolve how we portray the American dream in the stories we tell and the faces and creators we champion. The collection, conversation, and press surrounding this collection sparked strong consumer engagement and traffic to our North American digital flagship in the quarter. And we continued to strengthen our leadership in the world of sports through our high-visibility sponsorships of the Australian Open and Team USA at the Winter Olympics. This year's events were particularly thrilling as we celebrated the spirit of optimism and aspiration that these sports represent consistent with our brand values. These activations not only drove another quarter of strong top line growth, but also helped recruit younger, full-price consumers to the brand, particularly on our digital channels. New consumers on our digital sites grew more than 70% to LLY, including an increased penetration of under 35 higher-value consumers. Our online search trends also grew double digits to last year in Q4, significantly outperforming peers globally. Looking to fiscal '23, we will continue to drive this momentum and desirability with iconic brand moments in sports and culture across our portfolio, all of which you will see amplified across our global campaigns. Touching on our second key initiatives, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories. Ralph Lauren is one of the few brands in the marketplace with the authenticity, [Technical Difficulty], and credibility to deliver products across a range of lifestyle categories. As Ralph likes to say, the brand is not about chasing fast trends, but rather about living. And I can't think of a moment where this has been more relevant as consumers come together again with a return to pre-pandemic activities. Our design team is leveraging the breadth of our portfolio to create products that our consumers can live in and feel confident in regardless of what the new normal looks like for them. In the fourth quarter, consumers gravitated back to more sophisticated, luxury, and formalwear looks, while we also continued to drive a mix of elevated, but comfortable casual styles. As we continue to drive brand heat and new consumer acquisition, special collections this quarter included the Polo Color Shop, our pre-Spring ode to the easy luxurious style of the Cte d'Azur; our Morehouse and Spelman Colleges Collection, which sold out almost immediately; our Team USA Olympic styles featuring Intelligent Insulation technology and inspiring our next generation of outerwear; and our Lunar New Year gifting celebrating the Year of the Tiger. We were also proud to open our first iconic World of Ralph Lauren home shop at Harrods this quarter, with more to come as we build on this high-potential category. And in April, we launched our first unisex fragrance, Polo Earth, with consciously designed vegan fragrance featuring sustainably sourced ingredients and recycled packaging. Shifting gears to our third key initiative; drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. We continued our long-term strategy of investing in our key city ecosystems around the world in fiscal '22, with a focus on elevating our touch points with the consumer across every channel. During the year, we opened 122 new stores and concessions in top cities globally. This fiscal year marked our first emblematic concept stores in China, in Beijing and Shanghai, our first European flagship opening, since 2010, in Milan, and our first slate of full-priced North America store openings since 2016. The vast majority of our store openings continue to be in Asia, and particularly the Chinese Mainland, where our brand momentum remained strong despite recurring COVID lockdowns. Our fourth quarter Mainland sales were still up more than 25% to last year in constant currency. And our Lunar New Year performance across the market significantly outpaced the competition as we continue to build our brand for a local audience. We further expanded our successful key city ecosystem model to other markets around the world this quarter. In North America, we just opened one new full-price store in Century City, Los Angeles, and relocated one store in Bal Harbour, Miami, for a total of eight new full-price openings this fiscal year. Overall, coming out of fiscal '22, we are strongly encouraged that North America's turnaround is well underway as we fire on all cylinders following our final phase of major distribution resets over the past year. Moving to our priority of leading with digital, sales for our total Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, departmentstore.com, pure players, and social commerce grew low double digits in the fourth quarter, a more than 80% to LLY in constant currency. For the full-year, digital grew more than 40% to last year, and 65% to LLY, reaching 26% of total revenue. This is consistent with our penetration levels during the heights of COVID, when store were closed. Within our own Ralph Lauren digital sites, sales grew 18% in the fourth quarter, and more than 70% to LLY. We continue to drive strong full-price selling as we deliver the right mix of product and invest in AI-powered targeting and new full price consumer acquisition. We also launched new localized digital commerce sites to support our ecosystem expansion globally. This includes our first digital flagship in Australia and the Middle East as well as 15 new ship-to destination largely across broader Europe. During the year, we expanded on the connected retail capabilities we launched during the pandemic, from virtual selling appointments to endless aisle product availability. Looking ahead, we will focus on scaling these capabilities along with our full catalog mobile app launched this past holiday to provide our consumers with a seamless elevated brand experience across every touch point and our entire portfolio. Moving to our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth, our teams have operated with incredible agility to mitigate emerging macro challenges, delivering both growth and operating margin expansion again in the fourth quarter despite increased cost headwind. In addition to implementing a culture of operating discipline across our company, over the last 24 months we have driven further efficiencies in how we operate. From the launch of digital product design and virtual showrooms to digitizing our supply chain in order to enable real-time visibility and planning, we also continue to make significant strides across our global citizenship and sustainability commitment over the past quarter and fiscal year. Let me highlight a few high impact initiatives, meaningfully progressing towards our target of at least 20% under represented race and ethnic groups on our global leadership team by 2023. Delivering $2 million donation in scholarship for students at historically black colleges and universities through their Ralph Lauren Foundation, launching the U.S. Regenerative Cotton Fund to support long-term sustainable cotton production in the U.S., unveiling color on demand, the world's first scalable zero waste water cotton dyeing system, and bringing to market CLARUS, a first-to-market patented technology and critical step in scaling our use of recycled cotton. And recall that in fiscal '22, we incorporated key ESG metric into our executive compensation plan for the first time. In closing, this year has been an exciting chapter on our journey to elevate our brands and pivot to offense. Ralph and I are proud of and encouraged by the passion, collaboration, and execution of our team. Together we have fundamentally repositioned our business and are already starting to yield positive results across our multiple engines of growth. Looking ahead, we have strong confidence in this growth model. And we'll continue to invest behind this year's momentum to deliver long-term value creation. We remain keenly focused on what we can control while continuing to navigate in uncertain global environment. We look forward to sharing more with you at our Investor Day on September 19. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jane to discuss our financial results. And, I will join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. We closed our fiscal '22 with strong fourth quarter and full-year results that demonstrated meaningful progress toward our next great chapter goal along with execution excellence by our teams and broad-based performance across our business. All three regions are back to top line growth. Our revenues are now slightly ahead of pre-pandemic level. And our operating profit dollars are also 30% higher all while ramping up investments and marketing, digital, new stores, and people. Compared to two years ago, our businesses are over 25% bigger in Asia, nearly 10% bigger in Europe, and North America is reset and delivering growth on a much healthier foundation. At the same time, our balance sheet enabled us to return significant excess cash to shareholder in line with our capital allocation principle. And we resumed our quarterly dividend and share repurchases this year. With the reset behind us, we are driving multiple growth engines across our brands, channels, and geography that will not only deliver more sustainable growth but also help to mitigate ongoing macro challenges. Let me take you through our fourth quarter financial highlights. Total company revenues increased 18% to last year on a reported basis, and 22% in constant currency, with double-digit growth in every region. This includes roughly five points of negative impact from our deliberate North America resets last year. Revenues exceeded both our fiscal '19 and '20 pre-pandemic results despite the resets. Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem sales grew low double-digits in constant currency on top of the challenging compare of more than 60% growth last year. Our owned Ralph Lauren digital sites grew 18%, reflecting our strong product assortments, new consumer acquisition, expanded connected retail capabilities, and high-impact marketing. Digital margins remain strongly accretive to our profitability again this quarter. Total company adjusted gross margin was 63.3%, up 40 basis points to last year on a reported basis and 120 basis points in constant currency as we continue to successfully mitigate a dynamic inflationary environment. Fourth quarter AUR was up 13% on top of 31% growth last year, with growth across every region. This strong AUR growth along with favorable channel and geographic mix, more than offset higher than expected ocean freight costs with steep increases in oil prices following the evasion of Ukraine. We expect higher freight raw material and labor costs to remain elevated into fiscal '23. Particularly in the first-half until we start to lap higher cost increases in the second-half of the year. We plan to leverage our multi-pronged elevation strategy to continue driving AUR significantly above our long-term targets in order to mitigate mid-to-high single-digit product cost inflation in fiscal '23. Adjusted operating margin of 3.6% expanded 20 basis points to last year on a reported basis and 140 basis points in constant currency driven by continued operating discipline. Adjusted operating expenses increased 19% to 59.8% of sales, up 30 basis points on a reported basis, but down 20 basis points in constant currency. Marketing grew 48% to 9.5% of sales in the fourth quarter. We shifted a significant portion of our marketing investment from the first-half to the second-half of the year, as planned to accelerate our brand momentum and direct-to-consumer expansion coming out of the pandemic. Full-year marketing was 7.3% of sales, in line with our guidance. For fiscal '23, we still expect marketing of about 6% to 7% of sales. As we continue to support our new digital site, mobile apps, content creation, new consumer acquisition, and key brand moments, also drive desirability and purchase intent. Moving to segment portfolio; starting with North America, the regions turnaround continuous with fourth quarter revenues, up 19%. These results included a 13-point headwind from our strategic distribution reset and license of chaps implying strong underlying growth. In North America retail, comps increased 21% to last year. Growth was driven by improved traffic, transactions and 19% AUR growth on top of 30% last year, reflecting our continued elevation around product mix, marketing and more targeted pricing and promotions. Brick and mortar comps grew 19% driven by double-digit growth in AUR, basket sizes, traffic, and conversion. Performance was strong in both our full price and factory stores on growing domestic demand, even as foreign tourism remains muted. We drove further momentum in our own digital commerce business this quarter with comps up 27% on top of 25% growth last year. Our continued focus on high-value, new consumer acquisition helped deliver growth in AUR and basket sizes, while further reducing our discount rates. In North America, wholesale revenues increased 1% to last year, slightly above our expectations. These results included 25 points of negative impact from our deliberate reset and chaps. Underlying growth and quality of sales continued to exceed our expectations. This was led by our full price businesses with sell out growth of more than 20% to last year, and 45% to LLY. We drove continued market share gains in Men's and kids in our key partners along with three consecutive quarters of gains in women's ready to wear. Our wholesale AUR was also up more than 25% to last year, as we elevated our assortments and pulled back on seasonal promotions. As we close out fiscal '22, we are very encouraged by our strong foundation and broad based momentum across North America, setting the path for long-term future growth. Moving on to Europe, fourth quarter revenue increased 26% on a reported basis and 34% in constant currency, retail comps increased 77% led by triple digit comps in brick-and-mortar stores. While we experienced Omicron related disruptions in the first few weeks of the quarter, it was a significant improvement from the prior-year period, when roughly 50% of our physical stores were closed due to COVID. Digital commerce comps declined slightly on top of an outsized 79% comp last year, when the widespread store closures shifted a disproportionate share of business online. We expect growth in both owned and wholesale digital in fiscal '23 driven by further site expansion and our healthy partnerships, despite strong compares. Europe wholesale exceeded our expectations again this quarter up 5% on a reported basis, and 12% in constant currency on top of a 41% reported growth last year, driven by stronger sell out and reorder trends. In the fourth quarter, we suspended our wholesale shipments to Russia and also paused operations in Ukraine given the devastating events unfolding there. Combined, these markets represented less than 1% of company sales prior to the war. We're not assuming any sales to these countries in our fiscal '23 outlook. While Europe remains our most dynamic market heading into fiscal '23, due to macro pressures and the war, our business remains fundamentally healthy, our consumers are resilient, and our teams continue to execute with agility. Turning to Asia, full-year fiscal '22 represents our highest ever revenue and operating profit for the region. Combined with five consecutive years of AUR growth, and the highest AURs in the company, Asia gives us strong confidence in the brand elevating ecosystem model we implemented over four years ago. These results in the midst of ongoing COVID impacts are especially strong and are testament to the outstanding work of our teams. For the fourth quarter, revenue increased 20% on a reported basis and 26% in constant currency. Asia retail comps grew 12% with digital commerce increasing 46% and brick-and-mortar stores up 10%. We maintain strong momentum across our total digital ecosystem in the region, with more than 50% growth this quarter. This was supported by gains across our own sites and wholesale digital businesses. All of our key markets in Asia increased double-digits in constant currency this quarter, led by 45% growth in Korea. And despite COVID related disruptions, our Chinese Mainland sales grew 27% while Japan sales increased 17% to last year. Both markets accelerated sequentially despite stricter containment measures across our top cities, roughly 40% of our own stores in China experienced some form of closure or operating restrictions late in this quarter. Overall, we continue to see meaningful near and long-term growth opportunities for our business in China, where our brands are resonating with consumers and the underlying health of our business remain strong. While we are still navigating COVID disruptions, particularly in China, continued momentum across Japan, Korea and Australia are helping to offset these near-term headwinds. Moving on to the balance sheet, our strong balance sheet continues to be a competitive advantage, that gives us the flexibility to balance strategic investments with returning cash to shareholders, and opportunistic M&A, even through these dynamic times. This year, we returned approximately $600 million in dividends and share repurchases and ended the year with $2.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.6 billion in total debt. This compares to $2.8 billion in cash and short-term investments, and $1.6 billion in total debt last year. Net inventory increased 29% to support continued strong demand coming out of the pandemic, a deliberate increase in goods and transit, as we take inventory earlier to help mitigate supply chain delays, particularly in wholesale, increased product costs including freight and cotton, which we will start to lap in the second-half of fiscal '23 and continued elevation of our product mix. We are managing inventory carefully in this dynamic environment in order to satisfy growing consumer demand and to maintain our long-term growth and quality of sales trajectory. Looking ahead, our outlook is based on our best assessment of the current macro environment, including disruptions from inflationary pressures, the global supply chain, COVID-19, foreign currency volatility and the war in Ukraine. For fiscal '23, we expect constant currency revenues to increase high single-digits with our current outlook at about 8% versus fiscal '22 on a 52-week comparable basis. Based on current spot rates, foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 400 basis points. Last year's 53rd week negatively impacts fiscal '23 growth by about 100 basis points in constant currency in addition to the headwind from foreign currency impact. We currently expect all three regions to drive positive revenue growth this year, with the largest dollar contribution from North America and highest growth rate in Asia. Our top line outlook also includes significant foreign currency headwinds primarily related to the Euro and the Japanese Yen, especially in the first-half of the year, potentially softer consumer sentiment in Europe from inflationary headwinds and the war with no sales to Russia or Ukraine assumed this year. COVID impacts notably in China, where we expect key city lock downs to continue through the first quarter of fiscal '23 and a limited contribution from foreign tourist sales. We expect operating margin in the range of 14% to 14.5% in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact operating margin by approximately 130 basis points. This compares to operating margin of 13.1% on a 52-week basis, and 13.4% on a 53-week basis last year, both on a reported basis. Gross margin is expected to increase 30 to 50 basis points on a constant currency 52-week basis in line with our long-term plan. We plan to continue driving stronger AUR and favorable product and channel mix more than offsetting increased freight and material costs. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact gross margins by approximately 110 basis points in fiscal '23. We expect first-half gross margins to be lower with the highest freight pressures in Q2 followed by gross margin expansion in the second-half of the year as we start to lap the significant increases in freight and raw material costs. For the first quarter, we expect revenue growth in a range centered around 8% in constant currency, foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 480 to 500 basis points. Our first quarter outlook reflects known COVID related restrictions, notably in China. We expect first quarter operating margin in a range centered around 13.5% in constant currency, reflecting increased headwinds from higher freight and marketing expense, which are expected to normalize in the second-half of the year as we start to lap cost increases from the prior-year. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact operating margin by about 130 basis points in the quarter. First quarter gross margin is expected to contract slightly to last year in constant currency with strong AUR growth more than offset by increased freight and product costs along with more normalized channel mix compared to last year store closures. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact gross margins by about 100 basis points in the first quarter. We expect our tax rates in the range of 25% to 26% for the full-year, and 24% to 25% for the first quarter. Lastly, our capital allocation priorities remain largely unchanged, with a focus on reinvesting behind our key strategic initiatives and returning excess cash flow to shareholders in the form of our dividend and share repurchases. We completed approximately $150 million in share buybacks in the fourth quarter, with $1.6 billion remaining on our current authorization and we recently raised our dividend for fiscal '23 by 9% to $3 per share. We're planning fiscal '23 capital expenditures of approximately $290 million to $310 million, or around 4% to 5% of sales. In closing, our teams around the world continue to execute with agility to drive brand desirability, and deliver growth across multiple levers all while navigating a still volatile global environment. Our strong performance this year underscores the timelessness of Ralph's creative vision, our strengthening consumer base and the power of our brand. As we accelerate our top line momentum, we remain strongly committed to balancing our pivot to offense with long-term profitability, leveraging our culture of operating discipline that has been embedded across our organization over the last four years. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Thanks, and congrats on a nice quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So, Patrice, with the macro backdrop having changed across many of your key markets, since the February call, I guess what gives you confidence entering FY'23 to continue your pivot to offense despite the tougher backdrop, maybe what structural changes support your pricing structure? And can you touch on the total addressable market for refined casual exiting the pandemic and how you see the Polo brand position?
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Well, good morning, Matt. Few things I would call out here, first of all, I think as all of you know, we significantly repositioned our company over the past couple of years, right? And we're coming into this new fiscal year with strong momentum. We now have multiple engines of growth, and we're delivering growth across every brand, every channel, every region, with opportunities for continued acceleration across each of them. So, our game plan is working. And I believe our deep brand strength, our demonstrated pricing power, and more diversified growth strategy becomes even more important during these turbulent times. There are few things I would call out. One, our consumer remains strong around the world, all right? And as we recruit new consumers, you saw this past quarter, we recruited 1 million new consumers, 5 million over the past fiscal year. We've been fundamentally pivoting our base towards higher-value full-price consumers who are less promotion/price sensitive. Second, as we've talked in prior calls, our designers and our merchants have been spot-on with this post-pandemic style of dressing and our products are driving desirability as they leverage the full breadth of our lifestyle portfolio. Third, our supply chain is built to be flexible and resilient. There's been a lot of work that's gone on over the past two, three years to get us there. And we now have proven our agility over the past couple of years, and I think I have a lot of confidence going into the continued turbulent environment. And then lastly, we've built a culture of cost discipline in the company, and we continue to drive value through productivity as well. So, listen, of course, we're grounded in reality and we're tracking closely consumer sentiment, bigger cost headwinds, including FX as well as COVID trends, particularly what we're seeing in Asia right now. We're not immune to any of these, but in this context, we are in the strongest position we could be in terms of what we can control moving forward. Now, specifically on the space that we play in, and you know, we've been on the brand elevation journey now for multiple years, right, working to get closer to the luxury groups. And so as we look at the consumer in that space right now, and this is both a reflection of what we're seeing in North America, but also in Europe and in Asia; that consumer is strong, that consumer is engaged in our category. And we're actually seeing some really interesting things in terms of purchasing pattern. We're seeing a combination of reinvesting in the core -- core wardrobe, so think of sweaters, think of denim. And then we're also seeing the consumer pivot towards newness and sophistication, examples for us would be cashmere hoodie or a novelty fleece. And then, and I think this characterizes the broader population, consumers starting to go out during the day, so there's a need for a sports coat, there is a need for auto wear, there's a need for dresses, and then the return to social activities in the evening or on the weekends. So, that that whole space for us continues to be healthy, continues to grow. And if anything, we're actually very energized by the diversity of the opportunities that we have as consumers pivot their apparel needs in this kind of new normal. Polo, within that, which is at the heart of our company, is actually really in a sweet spot when it comes to serving these needs nicely and competitively. And that's both the combination of our very strong core products, right, that's really a foundation for this company is our core propositions. And obviously, as I mentioned earlier, that taps into consumers reinvesting in their core. And then also, we're seeing some really nice elevation and innovation across a number of different categories within the Polo brand, whether that's Polo women's, with all the wonderful work that the team is doing on dresses, for example, or broader propositions, and all the work that our Polo men's and our Polo kids teams are also doing to serve this more elevated, more sophisticated consumer need right now. So, we actually think, well, the Polo brand is really well-positioned within this total addressable market and from everything we're seeing so far in market, consumer healthy and strong in that space.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys, thanks for all the detail here. Want to ask you two quick ones. I guess you seem to be against the trend here with your guidance of constant currency expansion for both gross and operating margins this year. Given the macro backdrop, what gives you confidence in your current margins and their sustainability? And then as a follow-up, on the North America wholesale business, I know you said that it was a plan of 1%, including the 53rd week. I know you've done a lot of work there. It does seem like that channel is still holding back the model a little bit relative to the other channels growing a lot faster. And Jane, I thought it was interesting that it was up 1%. You said POS was up 20%. I think North America wholesale was up 21% on a two-year basis, and POS was up 45%. So, there's just a big gap that keeps rolling forward with North America wholesale. How do we think about that growth rate in '23? Is it mid single-digit to sustain the 8% constant currency revenue growth, maybe some thoughts there to help us understand how North America is positioned for the year?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Michael. Let me start with the first, about our guidance. We are comfortable with our fiscal '23 guidance at this point. Our momentum and our track record of expanding both our gross margins and our operating margins through our Next Great Chapter plan are really a strong foundation for our fiscal '23 guidance. And as you saw, our business trends are good. Now, clearly, we're watching the macro headwinds very carefully. So, as we thought about our guidance, particularly in gross margins and in operating margins, we really tried to take a balanced approach, balancing both risks and opportunities that we saw and we tried to do this across our guidance. We are encouraged as we look ahead. And let me give you a few reasons why. First, our consumers are resilient. They're at the higher end of income demographics, and they've proven, through COVID that their desire for the brand has increased and that they've come back repeatedly. Second, our value perception, our quality score, and our purchase intent have strengthened through the pandemic, even with the backdrop of us taking pricing up 50% over the last two years. So, quality, value, and purchase intent all up in the face of that kind of pricing; that gives us tremendous confidence. And third, we are maintaining new consumer acquisition momentum of younger and higher-quality consumers through this journey, and we intend to continue that and investing in that. And that's a very important part of our gross margin journey. And then finally, our team, obviously, they've managed through disruptions and headwinds, and have done so with great agility. And we have confidence in our ability to navigate the macro headwinds doing that. We're confident in these drivers to expand our gross margins this year and beyond, and feel that we're on a very solid ground to achieve our mid-teens operating margin, that's our longer-term goal. And feel that this year will put us a step closer to getting to that goal. Now, on North America wholesale, what you've seen, in up 1% in terms of overall, there is about 20 points of headwind from Chaps in that number. So you will recall, Michael, that we took Chaps out of our owned and operating model and we moved it to a license model, that impact is sitting on North American wholesale growth. Without that impact, we would have been up mid-20%. Now, that is going to continue. We lap out of that transition in August, and there is about $17 million of revenue in the first-half of fiscal '23. So, you will see that continue, but we expect the underlying growth in wholesale to be quite healthy, and we're very encouraged by the progress that we're making there, but you will see that in the first-half of fiscal '23.
Patrice Louvet: Yes, you look -- you see, Michael, through our share performance, I think, a truer reflection of how we're doing in that channel. And actually, we're really pleased with, one, the partnerships that we've built with our key wholesale partners and, two, the momentum that we have from a consumer voting standpoint, which is really what share measure is all about. And we're growing share in men's meaningfully, we're growing share in kids, we're growing share in home. We're now growing share in women's ready-to-wear, three quarters in a row of share growth in women's ready-to-wear, excited about the progress both on Polo women's and on Lauren, in particular. So, fundamentally, to your point on where does this stack up relative to our growth drivers in North America, we think wholesale is actually very nicely positioned, now that it's been reset, and we're certainly seeing the consumers vote very clearly in favor of our brands.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning.
Patrice Louvet: Morning.
Omar Saad: Great numbers on the digital side, you have a lot of momentum in that channel. Maybe you could elaborate on that integrated market digital strategy that you talked about earlier on, developed with China, rolling it out to other markets. Maybe you could talk about how it operates? Why it's so effective? And where you think the biggest opportunities are in that owned digital channel? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So, our go-to-market approach is really characterized by the ecosystem lens. And we focus on our top three cities, and there we work hard to make sure we have the right brick and mortar and digital representation. And exactly to your point, we want the consumer to have a completely seamless experience, whether they're shopping online, on our app on our sites, or whether they're actually in our stores. What we have seen, and to some extent, COVID has been an enabler for that, the COVID crisis has been enabled for that, there's an acceleration of our connected retail capabilities, and there are ranges from digital clienteling, which is now ingrained in the way our teams work. So, the seamless connection between the store and the Web site for example, we have Boris, you're familiar with BOPIS, which is Buy Online Pick-up In Store, now we also have buy online return in-store. So, that's very seamless experience for the consumer. We've introduced the app a few months ago, which is also nicely connected to consumers purchase history. So, we're able to tell for those who are comfortable sharing that data, what's in your closet, and therefore we can use that data for really targeted one-to-one marketing to serve you in the way that fits best your shopping patterns. And then, we've recently introduced something I'm very excited about, which are endless aisle, actually screens in our brick and mortar stores, where even from a 1,000 square foot store you can now shop every element of the Ralph Lauren line. And we started to experiment with that in North America, and in several stores we're seeing very positive results. And it further gets to your point, Omar, of no longer really segmenting, this is brick and mortar, and this is digital, but for it to be a completely connected experience. Certainly our experience in Beijing and Sanlitun with the work that we've done with Tencent has also reinforced that leveraging, you know, the local kind of WeChat mini programs as a way to connect the consumer to our brick and mortar operations. But I think what you'll continue to see from us is a ramp up of these capabilities. And then, there's we stay in touch with what the consumer is looking for and we adjust our offerings and our experiences accordingly, but I feel very good about the momentum we have in digital across the company. And I think our penetration right now is about 26% of total revenue is digital. We've seen that hold up nicely as the stores have reopened. So, feel good about the sustainability of that, and our ambition is to make that over 30%. But again, the consumer should have absolutely seamless experience, and more and more a personalized experience.
Jane Nielsen: And Omar, on your question about local sites, we opened up 20 local sites this quarter. They tend to be smaller markets. We opened North Africa, the Middle East, some larger markets; Australia, and Korea were also local sites that we opened this quarter. It was one of our key investments as we exited the second-half of this year and will continue as we move into next year. So, we're very pleased with our ability to reach digitally new markets in local language and local shift to addresses and we think that's going to be a very positive driver as we move forward.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. Patrice and Jane, I appreciate you guys call three regions to drive positive revenue growth for FY'23. Jane, I think you mentioned that the largest dollar contribution should be from North America and the highest growth rate should come from Asia. Is it fair to assume that North America should grow about mid single-digit rate, Asia should grow low double-digit rate? And if that's the case, what is embedded in your Asia assumption for China growth this year.
Jane Nielsen: So, we don't guide our regions exclusively, but we think that North America is positioned for strong growth as we move forward. We are very pleased about North America becoming an engine of growth. We expect Asia to be driven by the reopening of Japan, which would have significant market shutdowns through this year. And also China, while we contemplated the shutdowns in Shanghai and some of the key cities for Q1, which are material, Shanghai alone is 40% of our China business. We still expect strong double-digit growth as we exit the year, this year for China. We've seen China being very resilient through COVID. Our consumer scores there are some of the highest we have around the world, and we have seen very strong continued digital momentum even store comps have come back. So, we are very bullish about our China business. You saw it very sequentially strengthened this quarter. We are realistic about the impact of the shutdowns, but we have contemplated that for Q1, and still expect strong double-digit growth in China.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you could spend a little more time on the inventories either by region or how much in terms of in-transit is impacting it. Just curious in terms of like how you are planning mainly the European market with the orders on a wholesale basis. And I guess the second question would be around that same topic. But from the perspective of like late shipments to wholesale, I think you said supply chain was really impacting all your wholesale inventory. Has there been any change in your retail partners' willingness to take product whenever it comes even if it is late or miss shipping windows?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Bob. You saw our inventory increase in the fourth quarter. That was two factors. One, over the past three quarters, our sales numbers has significantly exceeded our inventory growth numbers. And so, this quarter we move to reset some of our inventory level. In addition and as I think as we've talked about, we made a move to take inventory earlier, especially for our wholesale account. And so, to address the challenge that you said, we want to maximize full price selling in our wholesalers. And so, you've seen us take inventories earlier. And hold it longer due to some of the supply chain delays that we are still experiencing and expect to experience through the first few quarters of this year. We have seen great partnership with our retailers. They are appreciative of our moves to secure their inventory and supply. And we feel great about our wholesale inventories. While they were up 16% this quarter, our sell out was up almost mid 20%, so, very healthy inventory, and no resistance at all in terms of taking our assortments and truly great partners in terms of our move to secure inventory for them.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Great. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thanks so much. Just wondering if you can elaborate a little bit more on your plans for the balance sheet for this upcoming year. And what your plans are for the free cash flow after you invest within the business? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jay. As we look at our capital allocation priority, it really hasn't change. So, number one is to invest in our business. And you saw -- take our CapEx up largely for growth-oriented initiatives, new stores. We are planning to open 200 new stores this year, which is a big step up from this year. We opened about 122. Digital infrastructure is an area of investment. And we feel great about digitizing our supply chain which is an important productive initiative. So, we are investing in our business and that's our first priority. From a balance sheet capital allocation perspective, first take up our dividend 9%, and we are committed to returning excess free cash flow to shareholders. We repurchased about $450 million of shares last year. We still have 1.6 remaining on our authorization. And expect to be able to continue -- returning excess cash to shareholders through this year about the same level you saw us do last year. So, we are encouraged by the health of our balance sheet. And we are encourage by our opportunity to invest in our business.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Let's go to the last question please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Chris Nardone with Bank of America.
Chris Nardone: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk a little bit more about the outlook for underlying sales growth in Europe ex-FX? In particular, are you seeing any cracks in consumer sentiment or any spending patterns in Western Europe markets?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So, we are encouraged by the underlying growth of our Europe business as we moved forward. The biggest impact that we see is FX. While we did see some pullback in Q4 with the war in the Ukraine, we are seeing consumers subsequently respond well and see nice traffic into our stores. So, we are encouraged by the European consumer. The underlying growth we expect to be consistent with our long-term guidance which was in the mid single digit range. And we expect Europe to be in that range this year -- mid to high single digit range this year. And we've fully contemplated some of the impact of the Ukraine war and impact to European sentiment in their guidance. It was about 1% of sale when we stopped shipment to Russia and Ukraine, and probably another percent in terms of overall overhang of the war to consumer sentiment.
Patrice Louvet: And we are seeing this growth actually to be broad-based, right, so, 34% constant currency up in Q4 for total Europe. Both particularly driven by the U.K., by Germany, by Italy where we recently invested in our ecosystems in the [long] [Ph], so pretty well diversified growth, and for our earlier conversation, I think at this point we are feeling that the consumers that we appeal to is in good place in Europe. All right, thank you for your question, Chris.
Patrice Louvet: Well, listen, thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our first quarter fiscal '22 results with you in August. In the meantime, stay safe and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website.  And now I'll turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We were pleased to report strong third quarter performance during the important holiday season. Our better-than-expected results across all 3 regions are a testament to the outstanding work our teams have done to fundamentally reposition our business, elevate our brand and pivot to offense, including in North America, where our turnaround is well underway. Our significant reset work is behind us. Our brand is strong, and our growth is supported by multiple levers, from geographic and channel expansion to recruiting new higher-value consumers and developing high potential product categories. While we expect these growth levers to be sustainable and deliver in the future, they are already driving profitable growth, with all of our regions reporting positive increases to last year and pre-pandemic levels. And we delivered this broad-based performance while many of our markets around the world are still managing through the impacts of COVID. Let me share a few highlights from the third quarter across the 5 strategic pillars that we outlined at the start of our Next Great Chapter plan. First, on our efforts to win over a new generation, consumers around the world are connecting more than ever to our brand positioning and product portfolio. Together with our multifaceted strategy for demand creation honed through the pandemic, we are engaging both new and existing consumers in exciting ways. This is particularly evident in our fiscal third quarter, where we shifted a significant portion of this year's investments to drive brand momentum across a diverse range of activities. From celebrity activations to the metaverse, we drove a significant increase in digital share of voice globally. These activations not only drove our strong top line outperformance in the quarter, but also helped recruit younger full-price consumers to the brand, particularly on our digital channels. New consumers on our digital sites grew 58% to LLY, including an increased penetration of next-generation under 35 and higher-value consumers. For the critical holiday period, our brand tracking data showed that our high-impact campaigns further increased consumer perceptions of Ralph Lauren as a key destination for gifting in all regions. Online search trends across our family of brands also grew strong double digits the last year, significantly outperforming peers in our largest markets in Q3. Some of the innovative holiday campaigns that drove brand heat and enabled consumers to engage with and shop our brand in new ways included: first, we expanded our leadership in the metaverse with our Ralph Lauren Winter Escape program on Roblox, where we recreated the world of Ralph Lauren with an immersive holiday theme user experience and exclusive digital apparel collection for purchase. Roblox is one of the top interactive digital platforms in the world, and particularly for Gen Z, with 47 million users. This follows last quarter's world of Ralph Lauren launch on another popular metaverse, ZEPETO, where we continue to gain traction with over 2.5 million visits to date and maintain the #1 rank among all brands on the platform. You may have seen our mobile pop-ups and synchronized drone shows in select cities this holiday, featuring hundreds of drones lighting up the night sky to celebrate the return of festive dressing and our customizable gifts. We also drove highly successful live streaming events during the quarter, including our brand elevating Singles' Day and FARFETCH holiday live streams. In China, we continue to leverage our work with key influencers, accompanying the launch of our first major fragrance in the market this fall, our collaboration with popular actor and singer, Xiao Zhan, sold 40,000 units of Ralph's Club fragrance in a 6-hour period in December. Looking to the fourth quarter, we will continue to drive this momentum with iconic brand moments in sports and culture, including our Spring '22 fashion show in New York, our sponsorship of Team USA in the Winter Olympics opening today and our second year sponsoring the Australian Open, all of which you will see amplified across our global digital campaigns. Moving to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories. Ralph created the quintessential American luxury lifestyle brand more than 50 years ago. His vision is one that has always been about a world to aspire to rather than any single product, category or fashion cycle. While the Polo brand and elevated sportswear still sit at the heart of what we do, Ralph Lauren is one of the few brands in the marketplace with the authenticity, quality and credibility to deliver products ranging from fleece hoodies to evening gowns and from accessories to home. Our multi-category lifestyle proposition affords us the flexibility and competitive advantage to deliver for consumers whatever the backdrop. And this flexibility enables us to be agile as consumers shift their wardrobes to a new hybrid mix of elevated but comfortable casual styles, for example, mixing our women's cashmere joggers with our sophisticated Sawyer wool tuxedo jacket. Our fall holiday performance in Q3 is a great example of how Ralph and our design teams are effectively capturing this mix, which is translating into market share gains around the world. Let me share just a few of these highlights. Our Boston Common apparel collection introduced an expanded assortment of elevated heritage icons driving strong sales in our stores with our most aspirational consumers. Our holiday Cortina collection celebrated Alpine style in a sophisticated palette of blues and whites. We drove a strong return of our sweater business with an expanded offering of our iconic cashmere styles, along with the introduction of new modern active hybrid models. And we continue to drive outsized performance in outerwear, one of our high-potential categories, which has grown about 50% since the start of our Next Great Chapter strategy. Q3 outerwear sales were fueled by an expanded range of active insulated models, including our newest collection of RLX Performance for men as well as elevated shearling, wools,and cashmere for women. As we continue to drive brand heat and new consumer acquisition, special capsules this quarter included: Black on Black; our latest limited-edition Major League Baseball drop; our bold new U.S. Olympics capsule, inspiring a new generation with looks rooted in active and performance outerwear, fleece and mitts; and for our brand loyalist on the Polo app, our 7 Days, 7 Drops Polo bear skateboard decks with Gossip Girl star and skateboarder, Evan Mock, kicking off the event at our Prince Street store. Shifting gears to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. We continued our long-term strategy of investing in our brand-elevating key city ecosystems around the world in the third quarter with 40 new stores and concessions opening in top cities globally. This included our first European flagship opening since 2010 in Milan with early performance beating our plans by double digits. The majority of our store openings were in Asia and particularly the Chinese Mainland, where our brand momentum remains very strong despite recurring COVID shutdowns. Our Mainland sales were still up more than 20% to last year and 65% to LLY in constant currency. The highly innovative emblematic concept stores we opened in Beijing and Shanghai earlier this year, continued to perform ahead of our expectations, lifting overall growth trends in their respective city ecosystems, and our Singles Day performance significantly outpaced the competition despite our less promotional approach. As we start to expand our successful key city ecosystem blueprint around the world, we were particularly excited to open 4 new full price stores in North America this quarter in Miami, Chicago, Atlanta and Detroit. This represents our highest number of full-price store openings in North America in 6 years and commences a new phase of retail growth in our home market following several years of repositioning. Having substantially reset the profitability of our full price fleet over the past year through enhanced category offerings, new ways of selling and operational discipline, we are moving forward with our plan to open about a dozen new margin-accretive full-price stores in North America over the next couple of years. Moving to our priority of leading with digital. Sales for our total Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, Departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce, grew more than 40% in the third quarter in constant currency and more than 60% to LLY, ahead of our plan. Within our own sites, digital sales grew more than 30%. This was driven primarily by full-priced holiday selling as we deliver the right mix of product, pull back on promotions and invest in AI-powered targeting and new full-price consumer acquisition. We continue to scale and expand on the connected retail capabilities we launched during the pandemic from virtual selling appointments to buy online, pick up in store, to endless aisle product availability. We launched our first ever full catalog Ralph Lauren mobile shopping app in time for holiday, seamlessly leveraging our connected retail capabilities to deliver our most personalized and content-rich platform to date. Now touching on our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth. Our teams continue to operate with agility to mitigate macro headwinds, delivering better-than-expected gross and operating margins again in the third quarter. The global operating environment remains highly dynamic. Notably with COVID, supply chain and cost inflation still pressure points coming into calendar 2022. However, we remain confident in our ability to manage these headwinds, to deliver further growth and operating margin expansion through our proven pricing power as well as our culture of cost discipline. This discipline is helping us to fuel our strategic investments in long-term growth. And further, part of investing in our business also includes a commitment to investing in our people and innovation. A few recent highlights include the following: in December, the Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation announced a $2 million donation in scholarships for students at historically Black colleges and universities. This is part of our broader commitment to invest directly in the future of Black students with enhanced access to education and advancing our recruitment and development programs for Black talent. We were also recently proud to achieve a score of 100% once again on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index and earned the designation as the best place to work for LGBTQ equality. On the sustainability front, just a few weeks ago, we were incredibly excited to launch our first product made with Clarus, a first-to-market patented technology that uses recycled cotton to create a high-performance fabric. Developed by natural fiber welding, which we announced an investment in last year, CLARUS has all the features we've come to expect from synthetic performance materials like comfort, breathability and moisture management while reducing our reliance on synthetics that use fossil fuels such as polyester and nylon. This is a critical step in scaling our use of recycled cotton and making progress on our target of sustainably sourcing 100% of our key materials, including cotton by 2025. This latest launch comes on the heels of our groundbreaking introduction last year of Color on Demand, the world's first scalable zero wastewater cotton dying system. And lastly, we announced an exciting new limited partnership with Franklin Venture Partners in Silicon Valley, focused on female-led businesses, the partnership backed disruptive technologies and consumer solutions with the potential to positively transform the fashion industry. Like our investment in natural fiber welding, this move underscores our long-standing commitments to innovation, sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion. In closing, Ralph and I are incredibly proud of the performance our teams have delivered through the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year. All channels and geographies are showing strong momentum as we build on an increasingly healthy foundation, leveraging work that we started well before the pandemic, but accelerated through this time of challenge. Looking ahead, we are focused on driving sustainable growth supported by continued investments across digital, our brand building and more personalized demand creation as well as key markets and categories. We look forward to sharing more with you at our Investor Day this summer. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results were very strong and well ahead of our expectations. Our growth was broad-based across multiple levers in our business and delivered improved operating margin and profit growth of 52%. Consumer response to our fall and holiday offerings was strong and our teams are navigating supply chain challenges with agility. Their passion and tireless work produced strong progress across each of our key strategic initiatives. We were particularly encouraged to report North America's pivot back to high-quality revenue and operating profit growth versus pre-pandemic levels, continued double-digit growth across Europe and Asia businesses and strong digital momentum, all while investing for growth and delivering both growth and operating margin expansion. We continue to generate strong cash flow and increased our cash returns to shareholders in the form of our dividend and share repurchases. Importantly, we achieved these results in the context of navigating a still uncertain macro environment. Total company revenues increased 27% to last year, with positive growth in every region, led by North America and Europe. Compared to third quarter fiscal '20 or LLY, revenues increased 4%. This 4% includes 7 points of negative impact from last year's strategic reset of our distribution and our Chaps business, which moved to a license model, implying low double-digit growth to LLY on an underlying basis. Strong and highly profitable growth continued in our digital ecosystems. Ralph Lauren digital ecosystem sales grew more than 40% in constant currency to last year and more than 60% to LLY. This includes more than 30% growth in our owned digital business reflecting our strong product assortments, new consumer acquisition, expanded connected retail capabilities and high-impact marketing. Digital margins remain strongly accretive to our third quarter profitability. Total company adjusted gross margin was 66% in the third quarter, up 60 basis points to last year on a reported basis and 90 basis points in constant currency, despite increased freight headwinds of approximately 150 basis points. Gross margins were better than expected despite lapping last year's unusual COVID mix benefits, driven by better pricing and promotions along with favorable product mix. Adjusted gross margins increased 380 basis points to LLY. Our brand elevation work continued with third quarter AUR up 18% on top of 19% growth last year, with increases across every region. Driven by favorable product mix and strong pricing power in the marketplace, we are confident in our ability to navigate this inflationary cycle. We expect to continue growing AUR above our long-term targets into fiscal '23 to mitigate mid- to high single-digit product cost inflation. Adjusted operating expenses increased 22% to 50.1% of sales, a 210 basis point decline to last year, but a 190 basis point increase to LLY on increased marketing investments. Marketing grew 78% to 8% of sales in the third quarter to support a number of initiatives around holiday, our digital expansion into new markets and categories and new consumer acquisition. As discussed last quarter, we shifted a significant portion of our marketing investments from the first half to the second half of the year to accelerate our brand momentum and direct-to-consumer expansion coming out of the pandemic. We expect a similar level of marketing dollar spend in the fourth quarter to support our Spring '22, Lunar New Year and digital campaigns, including our new Ralph Lauren mobile app and digital home shop. Other fourth quarter activations include Beijing Winter Olympics and the Australian Open as well as our continued focus on high-value new consumer acquisition. Based on increased confidence in our demand creation activities, we now expect marketing in the range of 7% to 7.5% of fiscal '22 sales. This year's elevated level of investment is supporting increased content creation, new consumer acquisition, our digital launches, new store openings and key brand moments coming out of the peak of the pandemic. Adjusted operating margin for the third quarter was 15.9%, up 260 basis points to last year and 190 basis points to LLY. This was above our guidance of 13% to 13.5% margin, driven by stronger gross margins and operating expense leverage on higher sales. Moving to segment performance, starting with North America. A very strong holiday selling season accelerated third quarter revenue to 30% growth to last year, with both wholesale and retail performing significantly above our expectations. This was driven by improved product assortments, new full-price consumers and market share gains. These strong results reinforce our confidence in North America as a driver of growth into the future. Compared to LLY, North America revenues increased 2%, a meaningful improvement from first half trends. These results included a 15-point headwind from our strategic distribution reset and Chaps, implying even stronger high-teens growth to pre-COVID levels on an underlying basis. While resets are expected to have an even larger impact on our reported North America revenues in Q4, we expect continued sequential improvement on an underlying basis to LLY. In North America retail, comps grew 38% to last year and 9% to LLY. Comps increased on improved traffic, conversion and 24% AUR growth, reflecting our continued elevation around product mix, marketing and more targeted pricing and promotions. Brick-and-mortar comps accelerated to 40%, driven by double-digit growth in AUR, basket sizes and traffic. We were particularly encouraged by improved trends in our factory stores, which have been disproportionately impacted by weaker traffic through the pandemic, including a lack of foreign tourist travel. While U.S. border restrictions were eased in early November, Q3 foreign tourist sales still declined 35% to pre-pandemic levels. We continue to monitor for potential impacts from Omicron and other variants closely. We drove further momentum in our own digital commerce business this quarter with comps up 32%, supported by strong full-priced holiday selling. Our continued focus on full price new consumer acquisition helped deliver larger basket sizes at significantly higher quality of sales on our site. In North America wholesale, revenues increased 11% to last year, including a 16-point negative impact from our deliberate resets and Chaps. Underlying growth and quality of sales continued to exceed our expectations for the quarter, led by our full price businesses. Total sellout was up 25% to LLY in the third quarter, led by continued market share gains in men's, kids, home and women's ready to wear in our key partners. Our brand elevation in this channel continued with wholesale AUR up more than 30% to LLY this fall as we elevated our assortments and pulled back on seasonal promotions. And our momentum on wholesale.com drove digital sell-out growth of more than 35% to last year and 50% to LLY. Inventories at our full-price North America department store partners remained very healthy and clean at the end of the quarter, declining more than 20% to LLY. Moving on to Europe. Third quarter revenue increased 47% on a reported basis and 50% in constant currency, above our expectations. On a LLY basis, revenue growth accelerated 6% with stronger performance in France and the U.K. more than offsetting COVID-related restrictions in Germany and the Netherlands near the end of the quarter. Europe comps increased 55%. Brick-and-mortar comps were up 68%, with double-digit increases across all markets. Digital commerce comps increased 27% on top of a challenging 68% last year when COVID-related closures shifted more business online. Europe wholesale exceeded our expectations again this quarter, driven by stronger sellout and reorder trends across wholesale brick-and-mortar and dot-com. We launched 30 campaigns with our top partners to deliver 500 million impressions over the quarter, including special holiday gifting experiences. Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 16% on a reported basis and 20% in constant currency. This quarter represents our highest ever revenue and operating profit for the region despite ongoing COVID impacts. Our Asia retail comps increased 14%, with 64% growth in digital commerce and 12% growth in brick-and-mortar stores. Performance exceeded our expectations going into the quarter, primarily due to strong recovery trends across every key market led by Japan and Korea. China Mainland sales remained robust despite government-mandated COVID controls in certain areas. Mainland sales grew 22% to last year, including 2 points of negative impact from COVID closures in the quarter and grew 65% to LLY. Our digital ecosystem momentum also continued in Asia this quarter with triple-digit growth to LLY. This was supported by key events like Singles' Day and our 12/12 activations, where our brands ranked #2 on both Tmall's Luxury Pavilion and JD luxury platform. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $3 billion in cash and investments and $1.6 billion in total debt, which compares to $2.8 billion in cash and investments and $1.6 billion in total debt last year. Net inventory increased 7%, slightly below our plan due to ongoing global supply chain delays, which will shift some inventories into our fiscal Q4. While still highly dynamic, we are seeing some improvement on lead times and our inventories are well positioned to meet demand for the spring season, thanks to the agility of our teams and a flexible inventory allocation process. We now expect to end the fiscal year with inventories roughly in line with sales growth to support the upcoming Spring '22 season. Overall, we continue to manage our inventories closely to demand in both our direct-to-consumer and wholesale channels. Looking ahead, our outlook is based on our best assessment of the current macro environment, including global supply chain challenges, Omicron and other COVID-related disruptions. For the full year fiscal '22, we are again raising our top line outlook based on stronger-than-expected demand across geographies. We now expect revenues to grow in the range of 39% to 41% in constant currency, up from 34% to 36% previously, all on a 53-week basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenues by about 70 basis points. We are also raising our operating margin outlook to approximately 13% on both a reported and constant currency basis, up from 12% to 12.5% previously, reflecting our stronger performance through the first 3 quarters of the year. Compared to fiscal '20, or LLY, our updated outlook now implies we are on track to end this year with full year revenues roughly in line with pre-pandemic levels, despite about 10 points of headwind from our strategic reset, operating margin more than 250 basis points higher and profit dollars expanding by more than $175 million as we grow off a healthier and more profitable base. For the fourth quarter, we expect constant currency revenues to increase about 17% to 18%. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenues by about 400 basis points. We expect gross margin expansion of about 160 to 180 basis points in constant currency, or 50 to 70 basis points on a reported basis. Continued growth in AUR should more than offset increased freight and material costs. We expect fourth quarter operating margin to expand approximately 80 basis points to 4.2% in constant currency with continued gross margin expansion more than offsetting increased marketing investments to fuel future growth. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact operating margin by approximately 120 basis points. We expect fourth quarter and full year tax rate around 21% to 22%. Lastly, our capital allocation priorities remain largely unchanged, with a focus on reinvesting behind our key strategic initiatives and returning excess free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We completed $300 million in share buybacks in the third quarter with approximately $280 million remaining on our current authorization, plus an additional $1.5 billion repurchase plan recently approved by our Board. In closing, our teams around the world are operating with agility and passion to drive brand desirability and deliver growth across multiple levers, all while navigating a still volatile global environment. Our strong year-to-date performance underscores the timelessness of Ralph's creative vision, our strengthening consumer base and the power of our brand. We are playing offense to leverage our momentum and invest in the key strategic initiatives to support our long-term growth and value creation. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot for all the detail. You gave us a lot to choose from here, a lot of areas we're repositioning look like they're lifting off all at once. Maybe I'll start there. There's been a lot of moving parts over the last 2 years through COVID and through the strategic resets. As you guys enter calendar '22 here, maybe you could talk to us a little bit about how you see Ralph Lauren positioned for the future and where you see the biggest differences in the go-forward strategy? And then, Jane, here we are with the new guidance, we're at mid-teens EBIT margins for the year. That's in line with your long-term guidance. So I guess the question there is, what's next? How should we think about EBIT margins as we think about calendar '22, given all the acute costs the industry is experiencing right now, which arguably some of them will be tertiary, but -- or transitory? But maybe your longer-term thinking on margins, but also I'm really focused on '22, how you see the margin profile rolling forward, given what you just delivered in the quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Sounds good, Michael. Listen, on the first part of your question, I would outline a few things. First, we have fundamentally repositioned our business over the past couple of years. And this is clearly visible through the performance, not just this quarter, as you highlighted, but also over the prior quarters. And clearly, as Jane closed in her opening remarks, the company is back on offense. And so based on that, I have a lot of confidence in our ability to comp this year's outsized recovery growth and deliver sustainable growth ahead. Here's why, our company is fundamentally healthier than it was 2 years ago. If you look at the different elements, the brand is elevated, it's strong, it's desirable around the world. We're bringing in a younger, higher value consumer, less price-sensitive consumer. And our growth is broad-based: geographies, channels and brands. So looking to the future, we clearly have multiple engines for growth that are delivering both now, and we are confident are sustainable for the mid to long term. And there are really 3 that I would call out. First of all, on the product front, our unique lifestyle positioning means we can drive our core, while also continuing to scale high-potential underdeveloped categories like home, outerwear and others. The second one is on the channel front, right? I think as you've seen through the performance this past quarter and in prior quarters, our digital business is strong, broad-based, whether that's our own digital or pure players or bricks and clicks. We've got a compelling blueprint for retail growth, and I'm particularly energized by the fact that we're now opening stores in the U.S., which we haven't done in almost a decade. And then the third area is our wholesale is now rightsized. It's on a healthy foundation. And if you look at the way the consumer is voting, looking at market share, we're growing share across our core categories, again this past quarter. So lots of opportunities from a channel standpoint. And then finally, from a geographical standpoint, you know we take a key city lens to the world and we look at our top 30 cities around the world, and we see growth opportunities across all the key markets, notably in North America. Now we're obviously not immune to macro challenges, but I hope you all see that we've built a business and a supply chain that are both strong and resilient, and we have demonstrated pricing power as we've been elevating AUR consistent with our brand elevation work for several years now. And you saw that again in this past quarter. So the short answer, Michael, to your question, is that we're optimistic about the future, we have multiple levers to fuel our growth, not just over the next year but well beyond that. And now Jane will get -- give us perspective on our margin.
Jane Nielsen: All right. So Michael, just as you called out, our third quarter is very encouraging to us from the margin expansion that we were able to achieve. And of course, it gives us confidence as we move into our next fiscal year. We're not guiding specifically. But I can tell you right now, we still feel that our mid-teens OI margin is the right long-term target for us. What I think you've seen us deliver is sequential progress along that growth, that's our mindset right now. And we are very clear-eyed about the challenges going into next year. I think we've stated that we still expect gross margin expansion to be a driver for us into next year, and our increased revenue growth is going to leverage SG&A to help us deliver EBIT margin expansion as we move into the long term. We'll have much more for you as we come out of the fourth quarter. We're planning an Investor Day to provide even more perspective, but that's the way we're thinking about it now.
Operator: The next question comes from Beth Reed with Truist Securities.
Beth Reed : Can you give us some more color on what drove the gross margin outperformance in the third quarter? And then also, what gives you confidence in your ability to drive further gross margin expansion, I guess, just beyond this year, given increased cost headwinds? And then relatedly, with AUR trends year-to-date running well ahead of your raised high single-digit outlook, just curious where you're seeing the most upside versus your expectations. Are there certain categories or channels or regions that you'd call out?
Jane Nielsen: Of course. As I said, we were very pleased with our Q3 performance, and we're pleased that we've been able to raise our gross margin outlook again this quarter all in the context of comping last year's outsized gross margin gains that were primarily channel mix-driven, offsetting this year's supply chain and logistics pressures, and we're able to raise gross margin while still gaining momentum across all of our regions even on a pre-pandemic basis. So very encouraged. This holiday specifically, what drove our outsized performance was really our consumers, which shopped early and shopped at full price. So we got ahead of the curve on the holiday, and we maintained that momentum through the holiday without pulling significant promotional levers. We were much less promotional this year than we were last year. I think that's based on the desirability of our brand. We're seeing that in the consumer scores that Patrice mentioned and very strong reaction to our products. So very encouraging there. As we think about the long term, we really have multiple tailwinds to leverage. And again, given our view of the upcoming inflationary cycle, we feel well positioned to leverage them. First of all, there's the increasing desirability of our brand. Second, there's the new full-price consumer acquisitions that we're doing: bigger basket sizes, higher AUR purchasing. We also have some, I'd say, long-proven pricing capabilities across multiple levers. We don't just take a like-for-like pricing increase across the board. We really look at the competitive environment. We balance that with promotion, driving into personalization. All of those tools, we'll be leveraging into next year. Our product elevation and category migration is working and enhancing both our AUR and our gross margin, and we have favorable geographic and channel mix on our side. Now on the headwind side, we've been very clear that the magnitude of gross margin expansion in fiscal '23 will be tempered by cost inflation, especially raw materials costs, which we called out early last quarter, and we expect to be with us through the spring of '23. But this modest gross margin expansion combined with SG&A leverage is really what allows us to reiterate what I just said to Michael, which is we still believe our mid-teens guidance is the right guidance and sequentially improve. And finally, I can't talk about my confidence in gross margin without really calling out the agility and capability and passion of our teams. They've done a magnificent job managing through some challenging environments, and we know they're committed to doing that in the future.
Patrice Louvet: And Beth, to give some color on specific categories or channels or geographies where we've seen different AUR growth, the one thing I would highlight -- because it was actually pretty broad-based and you saw, right, plus 18% on top of plus 19% last year total company, pretty broad-based. But the thing we're clearly delivering on is the acceleration in North America, right? And our AUR growth rate progression is actually the fastest of all the regions. And we now have all the engines of AUR growth by channel motoring ahead, particularly wholesale, right? And I really appreciate the partnership we have with our key wholesale players here in North America because I think we're fully aligned on how we want to approach promotional strategy, pricing and product elevation as part of our overall proposition. We saw very strong AUR growth in wholesale. We saw very strong AUR growth on our digital business as well as across our brick-and-mortar presence. So this is the one that started latest of all 3 regions, right? Really, the journey started first in Asia, then in Europe and now in North America. We're still very early innings, particularly in wholesale. So as we look at it through that lens, we think there are many, many more quarters to come in our ability to drive AUR. Maybe not at the pace we've delivered this year, but certainly consistent AUR growth moving forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas Exane.
Laurent Vasilescu: Jane, I think you said that the reset was about a 700 basis point impact to 3Q North America. And I think you mentioned that it may have a bigger impact in 4Q. Just want to be sure if you can quantify. And then I think, Patrice, on this note, I think you said in your prepared remarks, great to hear that the reset is significantly behind you. Just curious to know, is there any more left to consider when we think about the year out and your Investor Day?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Laurent, let me take the first part of your question. Yes, it was 700 basis points to full company and obviously much more significant to North America, and about 15 basis points -- 15-point impact in North America. As we move forward, when you think about the resets, we'll anniversary the department store exits this year along with the daigou reset as we come out of the fourth quarter. There will still be some pressure, notably in wholesale, because of our Chaps conversion to a licensed model. And that pressure point will be notable in North America in the fourth quarter. So it's important to look at those resets. The fourth quarter is meaningful. And then, of course, we lap out as a total company of Club Monaco as of June. But you're right to keep a look out, especially in North America on that reset impact in the fourth quarter.
Patrice Louvet: And Laurent, just to double down on the North America number. Therefore, I think from a LLY standpoint, North America was up something like 16% or 17% like-for-like, right? Which thats  hopefully, you feel the enthusiasm and the confidence we have in our trajectory in North America because the numbers are clearly playing that out. Beyond the things that Jane mentioned in terms of reset, Laurent, I think we are complete. So we will continuously challenge every location in which the brand is sold. But thats part of our ongoing model as we continue to make sure thats kind of showing up in the right place and is obviously delivering attractive returns. But the heavy lifting from a brand portfolio standpoint, from a door closure standpoint, from a pullback on daigou online and a major pullback relative to promotional activity, that will be behind us as we close out this fiscal year.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Congrats on a nice quarter. So 2-part question. Patrice, can you elaborate on the hybrid wardrobing behavior that you cited, and just changes that you've made to position the brand for this backdrop? And then, Jane, if we think about your low to mid-single-digit top line growth algorithm before the pandemic, I guess maybe what's your confidence today potentially exiting the pandemic as we think about growth drivers in North America, Europe and Asia, maybe relative to those drivers as we saw a couple of years ago before the crisis?
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So listen, on product, the first thing I would call out is that our lifestyle positioning, the breadth of our offering really puts us in a strong competitive position to flex with consumer needs and their wardrobe evolution. And I think that's a real differentiating point for our company relative to many peers in this industry. The second thing I would call out is the fact that we've seen a new product apparel cycle start in the spring -- and I think we talked about this together last time, and accelerate in the fall. And what's exciting about it, I think it's still very early innings with many tailwinds ahead because the consumer hasn't really fully returned to work and certainly hasn't fully returned to more regular external activities. So what we're seeing on the hybrid approach by consumers is, on the one hand, a replenishment of their core wardrobe, and on the other hand a gravitation towards newness and sophistication. Let me peel the onion a little bit on that to give you a specific product category examples. So replenishing core elements of the wardrobe, those are things like denim, sweaters, those types of products. On the pivoting towards newness and sophistication, there are 2 things I would call out. One is the elevation of casual looks, right? And this is clearly driving newness in our assortment. To give you a specific set of examples, cashmere hoodies, novelty and matching fleece, for example. And then the other element to call out here is items to wear outside of the house, right? Items to wear outside of the house during the day. So we're seeing a significant pickup in our sports coats, we're seeing significant pick up in our outerwear. And then elements to wear in the evening as people go out. Now that's a smaller part of our business, but it has an important halo effect overall. So those are evening gowns and tuxedos. We, based on where the consumer is and where the consumer is going, are uniquely positioned to serve this hybrid need and expectation. And as I mentioned a couple of minutes ago, we expect this to continue, and I think this will be actually a really nice tailwind based on how we are positioned.
Jane Nielsen: Great. Matt, just to answer the second part of your question, on what's changed since our last Investor Day when we had a low- to mid-single-digit growth algorithm. I would say the biggest change is that our business is now on a healthier base from which to grow. So at that time, we still had daigou that we had to address. We weren't to where we wanted to be strategically in off-price. We knew we had some wholesale cleanup to do, and that work is done. We also were very nascent in our pricing journey. So what's different today is that we have proven our pricing capabilities across all 3 regions. At the time, we had Asia that we had a good proof case in, Europe was sort of early innings on that journey and North America was still to come. We now have confidence across our regions. And I think that, that underscores what's different as we think about the future, that North America is now positioned for growth. That's probably -- that's the biggest driver. And it's all -- you can always go stronger and faster with a [3-piston] engine.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Congrats on the momentum in the business. My question is for Jane on North America. I'm curious at what point you would expect to see unit growth again. And then if I can just follow up with Patrice on China. It definitely felt that, that region has been a positive outlier for you versus many other peers, particularly this earnings season. So curious if you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing on the ground and just what that interplay is between physical traffic versus digital?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Erinn, thanks for the question. Taking a step back, we really expect our growth to come from AUR growth, as you noted, unit growth in targeted high-value areas. Over the past several years, we've been on a journey to restructure our business and really move away from low value, low AUR units and transition into higher value, higher AUR units. So our exiting of the lower wholesale doors, our licensing of Chaps, we really transitioned those units and are moving into units, like the elevated product assortments: sweaters, outerwear, sneakers, accessories, those denim, those higher-priced AUR units are where we are focused. As we look at North America, we're going to continue that journey. But we do see that we're growing units in our digital business. I think on our reset days, we'll be growing in -- we'll start to see some growth in the future in our wholesale business, especially as we've gained share, and we've had a couple of quarters of share gain in men's, kid's and women's, home and women's ready-to-wear. And we're very encouraged by the comp trends that we are seeing in our stores. And so we're confident about the future, but we're also confident in our strategy about growing units in high-value areas.
Patrice Louvet: Erinn, so on China specifically, we've been really pleased with our continued performance in China. And as you know, this hasn't been just 1 quarter. We've been able to do this on a sustained basis. But including this past quarter, just as a refresher, up 22% versus LY, up 65% versus LLY despite Omicron disruption, right, which I think we're all in touch with. And I have to say the team on the ground is doing an awesome job navigating the volatility of Omicron in continuing to drive the brand. So we clearly see China both as a near-term opportunity and a long-term opportunity. From a brand perception standpoint, we track our brand equity on a monthly basis, and we see the brand continue to strengthen in that market, particularly with the younger population and nicely balanced from a gender standpoint, men's and women's. As we look at our business, digital versus physical, to your specific question, we really approach things through this key city ecosystem omnichannel lens, right? Shenzhen, Chengdu, Shanghai, Beijing is really where we're putting a lot of our emphasis. And we're building the ecosystem that has a strong digital wrapper, both RalphLauren.com, which we launched not that long ago and doing particularly well, and our key partners, Tmall, JD, WeChat as well, combined with the flagship presence that really projects brand image, as we've just done with the openings in Shanghai, in Beijing. And you heard in our prepared remarks, they're off to a really strong start across the board. So we've been really pleased with that. And then we are continuing to expand our store footprint beyond these flagships with these flexible Polo formats that are really performing quite well for us. So we're working hard to make sure all this is connected so that the consumer is at the center of it, it doesn't really matter whether it's digital or brick-and-mortar because fundamentally, what we want is to make sure we give that consumer an amazing experience. And we know he and she goes back and forth between these different channels. But I think we're really well positioned, and we have a very deliberate strategic approach to driving our expansion in that market. What I particularly like as well, and we've been talking a lot of AUR since the beginning of this call, is the elevation of the brand and the brand desirability in that market. And if you look at the data, China is probably one of those markets where the brand perception is the highest. So one, that gives us a lot of confidence in the near and long term for us to win in that market, particularly because the team has done a nice job weaving the brand into the local fabric of the culture. And two, there are a lot of learnings that we pick up from China that we replicate outside. And what -- some of the things you've seen recently relative to North America has actually been inspired by our success in the Chinese market. So just to wrap, it's -- China is still small for us, which I view is good news, because that means a significant upside, right? Still, total China business is about mid-single digits for the company. When you look at some of our peers and the Chinese penetration of their business relative to ours, that gives us still a great deal of runway. And I think we're nicely positioned despite some of the volatility that we're seeing.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Lets go to the last question, please, Angela.
Operator: Our final question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup.
Paul Lejuez: You guys have talked about bringing more new customers to the brand several occasions. I'm kind of curious what those customers are buying? How are you hooking them into the brand? And I'm also curious what that younger customer wants from the brand, how that might be different from your older customer and how that might differ by geography.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Yes, we've been excited about the progress we've made in terms of bringing new customers, younger customers, higher basket size customers, less price-sensitive customers to the brand and also more balance between men and women. Paul, the headline thought is they actually buy a lineup that's pretty consistent with our historical customers. Probably the areas of differentiation are in sneakers, you would expect that, are in outerwear. We have the Polo Sport brand that we've relaunched and repositioned that is really getting fantastic traction with that younger customer. And they're obviously resonating really nicely with some of our innovation and product drops. You heard us give a few examples on some of what we're doing there. So I would say pretty consistent with some areas of strength, particularly tying actually to those high potential underdeveloped categories that we have recently been putting disproportionate emphasis on. All right. Well, listen, thanks to everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to sharing our full year and fourth quarter fiscal '22 results with you in late May, and then we'll have our Investor Day after that where we can provide you with perspective from a longer-term standpoint. Thank you for calling in. Stay safe, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a Question-and-Answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. . As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Good morning. And thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements.  Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results. You should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Corrie. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining today's call. We were delivering strong progress on our fiscal '22 plan with second quarter performance exceeding our expectations across all key financial and consumer engagement metrics. Our brand elevation strategy, which cuts across our product, marketing and distribution channels, is resonating with consumers in every region. We're driving these results despite greater-than-expected disruptions in the global supply chain and extended COVID restrictions in key markets like Japan.  And while we continue to face a volatile environment, the work we have done to build a resilient supply chain over the last several years, as well as our significant AUR elevation, will continue to be competitive advantages as we navigate emerging challenges, and mitigate risks. To give you some context and color our supply chain is intentionally diversified across multiple markets. A key initiative we started over four years ago.  This allows us to quickly shift production when certain markets are affected by COVID or other issues. We've created a strategic supplier program, whereby we prioritize our partners with a presence across multiple markets, and maintaining these shifts to happen even more seamlessly. And we have proven pricing power. Elevating our AUR across every channel and geography over the last 4.5 years. So that we have room to absorb near-term pressures we've seen in our business, such as tariffs or current inflationary headwinds. This built-in agility gives us confidence as we continue to navigate a volatile global operating environment ahead, but I want to be clear that this is not just about our ability to play defense.  Even as macro challenges arise or subside, Ralph Lauren is firmly driving often to position the Company for long-term sustainable growth. We are leveraging our strong momentum to further accelerate investments across brand-building, personalization and new customer recruiting, digital, and key markets and categories in the months ahead. Reflecting on the last quarter, a few key highlights. First, our overall recovery is outpacing our expectations. This was led by out-performance in Europe and North America with Asia in line with our plan, and positive to fiscal 2020 or  despite extended COVID measures as our product assortments resonated strongly with consumers globally.  Second, our digital momentum continues following our reset work across product, pricing, and promotions last year. In our digital operating margins continued to be strongly accretive to our overall Company margin rate. And third, our elevation strategy is translating across all channels, including positive trends in wholesale across regions. On top of all of this, we made further progress toward our long-term target as mid-teens operating margins with second quarter margins of 17% representing the highest Q2 rate since Fiscal 13. And we achieve this even as we continue to reinvest for future growth and plan to increase returns to shareholders over the next several quarters. Our performance demonstrates our team's strong execution against the 5 strategic pillars that we outlined at the start of our Next Great Chapter plan. Let me share a few highlights from the quarter across each one.  First on our efforts to win over a new-generation, we continued to invest in our brand-building initiatives to drive both new customer acquisition and retention in order to fuel long-term growth. In the second quarter, we further strengthened our brand consideration, purchase intent, and net promoter scores globally while Ralph Lauren brand sentiment also improved across every region. Some of our key campaigns underpinning these results included; the continuation of our summer sports program, with the U.S. Open Tennis Championships here in New York, as well as Team USA's victory at the 2021 Ryder Cup in golf. These came on the heels of our sponsorship of the U.S. Olympic team in Tokyo earlier in the quarter.  Together, these campaigns generated over 71 billion media impressions in the second quarter as we continue to inspire new-generations of athletes and dreamers. In September, we celebrated the return of fashion's biggest night, the Met Gala. And what better opportunity to showcase this year's team of American fashion than with one of the most iconic American brands, Ralph Lauren. Celebrities and influencers from Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck to Chance the Rapper and Lily Aldridge, were featured in our designs, driving strong engagement and traffic to our channels. Ralph's design of Lily Collins wedding dress, some of you will know her as Emily in Paris, garnered worldwide media attention.  And we were excited to announce a new collaboration this quarter with Zepeto, a metaverse or virtual world, where users Avatars, can socialize and create content. This partnership represents the latest frontier in digital engagement in which users can purchase exclusive digital Ralph Lauren apparel for their 3D avatars for the first time ever. Early engagement has outpaced our expectations with a 100,000 items already sold in just a few weeks. In all, we added 1.4 million new consumers to our direct-to-consumer channels alone this quarter, a 19% increase to last year. And our total social media followers continue to grow, reaching 46.9 million globally, led by Instagram.  Moving to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high potential, underdeveloped categories. Ralph and our design teams continue to inspire consumers around the world as they begin to incorporate sophisticated, casual styles back into their closets. While still seeking elevated comfort with categories like loungewear. We are uniquely positioned to capture this evolving hybrid way of dressing, given the breadth of our portfolio. And we're also making strong progress on our high potential categories like outerwear and denim. During the second quarter, we drove our core sportswear categories along with seasonal styles, such as transitional sweaters and fleece as we headed into early fall selling. On the men's side, we saw strength across bottoms, including denim, active styles, and shorts, as well as sweaters and performance suits.  Though a small parts of our business prior to COVID, tailored clothing and dress shirts continued to show sequential improvement. In women's, we drove outsized performance in sweaters, sweatshirts, mid layer knits, and bottoms. Outerwear, including transitional quilter jackets, updated lasers and denim jackets, also grew double-digits to doubled LY. This should bode well for the key outerwear selling period the following holiday. We also launched our new Ralph's Club fragrance globally with a digital first campaign featuring Lucas Haba and Gigi Hadid. This marked our first major fragrance launch in China. And in its first month, it ranked among the top 3 men's fragrances in key markets around the globe, including in the U.S. And more than 75% of purchases on ralphlauren.com were made by consumers who are new to the brand.  This takes me to our third key initiative; drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. We continued the build-out of our brand, elevating key city ecosystems around the world in the second quarter. With 35 new stores in concessions opening in top cities globally and 13 locations closed. The majority of these store openings were in Asia, and particularly the Chinese Mainland, which continues to represent a significant long-term growth opportunity for our brand. Despite COVID-related shutdowns in July and August, our mainland sales were still up more than 25% to last year and more than 70% to double our OI in constant currency.  And comp trends rebounded quickly in September, once restrictions were lifted, we opened our second emblematic store experience in China at Shanghai's Kerry Center this quarter. Following our first opening in Beijing this spring. The emblematic concept provides an example of how we are transforming the retail experience with digital integration throughout, exciting in-store activations, and hospitality features like Ralph's coffee that are fueling new consumers acquisition. Early performance is well ahead of our expectations, and these stores are also listing overall growth trends in their respective omni -channel ecosystems, moving to our priority of leading with digital.  Our global digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, department store.com, pure players, and social commerce, grew approximately 45% in the quarter in constant currency, and 50% to double LY. Our digital momentum continues, even as traffic returns to physical stores, driving a benefit to our overall operating margin mix. This is the result of our continued digital investments focused on content creation, data analytics, and AI to serve our consumers through an elevated, connected retail experience. Now, touching on our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth. As I mentioned, our teams continue to operate with agility and focus to mitigate supply chain headwinds, delivering better-than-expected gross and operating margins. In the second quarter.  At the same time, we continued to drive expense discipline as we accelerate both near term and multiyear investments in the back half of the year to fuel long-term growth. And lastly, on our brand portfolio, we successfully transitioned Chaps from our North America wholesale business to a licensed model in the second quarter, as previously announced. This completes our exit from moderate priced U.S. department stores, enabling our teams to focus on our core namesake brands and elevated positioning in the marketplace. I also want to take a moment to highlight our ongoing work to integrate citizenship and sustainability into everything we do. We recently announced the launch of the U.S. Regenerative Cotton Fund in partnership with the Soil Health Institute.  Funded by the Ralph Lauren corporate foundation, this program works directly with farmers to transition 1 million acres of American constant crop plan to regenerate the production. In all, it is set to eliminate 1 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent from the atmosphere by 2026. Both increasing sustainable constant supply and making important progress in the urgent call to action on climate. We are proud to share today that this program is being recognized at the COP26 International Meeting on climate as an innovation spread partner by the Agriculture Innovation Mission for Climate. In addition, this quarter, we joined a global fashion agenda, strategic partner group, to prioritize sustainability and fashion, as well as Ellen MacArthur foundation as a partner in its mission to create a circular economy for our apparel.  And we were also honored to be recognized as one of the 2021 Best Places to Work for people with disabilities by the Disability Equality Index, and as one of the world's best employers of 2021 by Forbes. In closing, Ralph and I are strongly encouraged by the Company's progress through the first half of the fiscal year. All channels and geographies are showing strong momentum as we build on the healthier foundation, we set over the past 18 months. Our performance along with the resilience of our supply chain and pricing power in the market, gives us confidence as we accelerate our investments in the back half to support long-term growth. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice. And good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results outperformed our expectations with progress across each of our key strategic initiatives. Even in the midst of continued COVID, and supply chain headwinds around the world. Performance this quarter was driven by, strong top-line growth led by our full-price wholesale channels globally, and broad-based outperformance in Europe. Continued digital momentum across owned and third-party channels. Further gross margin expansion on top of last year's COVID mix benefits, with double-digit AUR growth and elevated product mix more than offsetting higher freight.  And higher-than-expected operating margins, including cost savings benefits, improved wholesale margins, and favorable channel mix shift from wholesale and digital. Second quarter revenues increased 26% to last year with positive growth in every region, led by Europe and North America. Compared to second quarter fiscal 20 or double LY, revenues declined 12%.  However, this included approximately 8 points of negative impact from last year's strategic reset of our distribution and our caps business, which moved to a licensed model. Total digital ecosystem sales grew approximately 45% in constant currency to last year and 50% to double LY, including 35% growth in our own digital business. Momentum continued across every region, reflecting our strong assortments, expanded connected retail capabilities, and high impact marketing. Digital margins were also strongly accretive to our second quarter profitability, consistent with last year and about 1,300 basis points higher than double LY.  Total Company adjusted gross margin was 67.3% in the second quarter, up 80 basis points to last year on a reported basis and 50 basis points in constant currency. Despite increased freight headwinds of approximately a 150 basis points. Gross margins were better than expected despite lapping last year's unusual COVID mix benefits driven by better pricing and promotion along with favorable product mix and last year's supply chain organization streamlining, adjusted gross margins increased 580 basis points to LLY. Second quarter AUR grew 14% on top of 26% growth last year, with increases across every region.  This represents our 18th consecutive quarter of AUR gains as we continue on a brand elevation journey. And it gives us strong confidence in our sustained pricing power as we mitigate mid-to-high single-digit product cost inflation, starting in the second half of the year. Adjusted operating expenses increased 17% to last year, to $755 million and declined 5% compared to LLY, reflecting our restructuring savings. The increase to last year was driven by higher marketing and compensation as we lapped last year's furlough and store closures due to COVID. Marketing increased 83% to 6.1% of sales in the quarter, with a focus on new customer acquisitions and long-term brand building initiatives.  Operating expenses were below our initial plan as we shifted about $25 million of investments into the second half of the year, based on COVID disruptions. In the second half, we will increase marketing and talent investments to support growth this holiday and in-customer acquisition to drive longer-term growth. Adjusted operating margin for the second quarter was 17.1% up 450 basis points to last year and 220 basis points to double LY. This was above our guidance of 13% to 14% margin, largely driven by improvements in Europe and North America Wholesale. Excluding the timing shift, operating margin was still well ahead of our plan, above 15%. Moving to segment performance, starting with North America. Second quarter revenue increased 30% to last year, supported by strong product assortments, new customer acquisition, and market share gains. Compared to LLY, North America revenues declined 20%, but included a 15 point headwind from our strategic distribution reset and Chaps similar to Q1. In North America, retail revenues grew 34% to last year.  Comps increased on improved traffic and 23% AUR growth, reflecting our continued elevation around product, marketing and more targeted pricing and promotions. Brick and mortar comps increased 31% driven by double-digit growth in AUR, basket sizes, and traffic. Although foreign tourists sales improved significantly to last year, they were still down more than 80% to LLY, due to continued softness in international travel. Comps in our owned digital commerce business grew 32% this quarter.  This was driven by a strong product offering along with high-quality new consumer acquisition and retention of last year's new consumers, resulting in higher full-price sale. New consumers increased 12% to last year and more than 50% to LLY. And retention of the new consumers acquired last year improved meaningfully as we become increasingly effective at targeting and personalization. In North America wholesale, revenues increased to 23% to last year. This was ahead of our expectations as the foundational work we completed through COVID.  To reset our inventories, elevate our product mix, exit lower tier wholesale doors, and significantly reduce off-price penetration is delivering improved top-line growth and quality of sales. Total sell-out was up low double-digits in the second quarter to LLY led by a continued market share gains in men's, kids, and home. Lauren women's continue to stabilize sequentially, including share gains in women's ready-to-wear.  Overall, wholesale AUR growth continues to accelerate up 30% to LLY as we elevated our assortments and pulled back on seasonal promotions in the channel. And our momentum on wholesale.com drove digital sellout growth of more than 45% to both last year and LLY. All of this is enabled by our healthier brand positioning and wholesale. And we see more to come as we are still in the early stages of driving our brand elevation strategy in this channel. Moving on to Europe. Second quarter revenue increased 38% on a reported basis, and 36% in constant currency, above our expectations. Revenue in selected to positive growth on a LLY basis this quarter, with all key markets performing better than planned, led by Germany and France. The U.K. our largest market in the region, and earliest to reopen this spring, also continued to perform better than planned on strong demand. Europe comps increased 27% in the quarter. Bricks-and-mortar comps were up 28% driven by improved traffic, AUR, and basket sizes. Digital commerce comps increased 24% on top of a 26% comp last year, when COVID-related closures shifted more business online.  Europe wholesale exceeded our expectations again this quarter. Driven by stronger sell-out and reorders at both digital wholesale, as well as traditional wholesale accounts. Turning to Asia, revenue increased 14% on a reported basis, and 13% in constant currency. Our Asia retail comps increased 7% with 69% growth in digital commerce and 4% growth in bricks-and-mortar stores. Continued strong momentum in China and Korea this quarter more than offset extended COVID restrictions in Japan, our largest market in the region, as well as Australia, Malaysia, and Singapore. In total, COVID-related closures and operating restrictions negatively impacted Asia sales by about 3.5% in the quarter.  And while the Chinese Mainland still grew more than 25% this quarter, our performance was also tampered by COVID lockdowns from late July through August. On a positive note, mainland comps rebounded quickly in September once stores reopened, Japan comps also started to improve towards the end of the quarter with the government lifting all states of emergency following the end of our fiscal Q2. Our digital ecosystem continued to accelerate in Asia. In Q2, this was supported by our successful Chuseok, Thanksgiving holiday campaign in Korea, Qixi, Valentines day in China, and it's overall momentum in our newer digital flagships in China, Japan, and Hong Kong. Moving onto the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $3.1 billion in cash and investments and $1.6 billion in total debt, which compares to $2.4 billion in cash in investments and $1.6 billion in total debt last year. Net inventory increased 5% modestly below our plan due to global supply chain delays. While we expect continued variability of inventory flows from quarter-to-quarter, we believe our inventories are well-positioned across key categories and channel to meet demand for the upcoming holiday and spring '22 seasons.  Overall, we expect to improve our inventory positions as supply chain headwinds subside and plan to end the year with inventories better aligned to sales growth. As we move into the second half of this fiscal year, we are re-committing to our long-term capital allocation priorities outlined prior to COVID. This includes first, reinvesting in our strategic growth priorities, including brand marketing and elevation, digital, and expansion of our key city ecosystems to drive long-term sustainable growth. Second, with peak pandemic closures, likely behind us, we are focused on returning a 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We reinstated our dividend in the first quarter and we expect this to grow in line with durable net income growth.  And we expect to resume our share repurchase program starting in the second half of this fiscal year, with about $580 million remaining under our current share authorization. Looking ahead, our outlook is based on our best assessment of the current macro-environment, including global supply chain challenges and COVID related disruptions. We expect the quarterly cadence this year to remain volatile given dynamic conditions across our markets. For fiscal 22, we are raising our revenue growth to 34% to 36% growth to last year in constant currency on a 53-week basis, excluding approximately 700 million in annualized revenue we reset during the pandemic.  This includes department store exits, off-price, and Digoo (ph) reductions, and the licensing and sale of Chaps and Club Monaco. This implies revenues up high single-digits to fiscal '20. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact full-year revenues by about 20 basis points. We expect gross margins to expand at the high end of our prior range of 50 to 70 basis points, or roughly 450 basis point increase to LLY. Our outlook improved on more favorable pricing and product mix this year, despite increased freight costs, which we now expect to be in the range of a 130 to 150 basis points due to our plans to use more airfreight to fulfill strong demand in the back half.  As a reminder, we renegotiated our ocean freight rates for the year in Q1. Raw materials, notably, cotton, will purchased roughly a year in advance, resulting in slightly favorable product costs through the first half of fiscal '22, This is followed by mid-to-high single-digit estimated cost increases in our second half ending March and through calendar 2022 which we expect to more than offset with continued AUR growth and productivity improvements. We raised our AUR outlook to high single-digit growth this year, above our long-term annual guidance of low to mid-single digits as we continue our elevation work. We still expect operating margins of 12 to 12.5%, which compares to 4.8% operating margin last year and 10.3% in fiscal '20. We continue to expect operating margin rates for the back half of the year to moderate from first half level based on increased second half marketing investments of approximately 7 to 8% of sales.  Reaching our full-year target of at least 6% of sales this year, increased airfreight expense in the back half of the year, and our assumption of more normalized channel mix compared to last year's COVID disruptions. For the full year, our increased revenue outlook implies high teams operating profit dollar growth compared to LLY pre -COVID level. For the third quarter, we expect constant currency revenues to increase approximately 14% to 15%.  Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenues by about a 140 basis points. While our teams are still actively focused on managing through global supply chain disruptions, we remain confident in our ability to deliver the right product at appropriate levels to meet consumer demand over the holiday selling period. We expect operating margins of about 13% to 13.5% in the third quarter, roughly in line with last year. This assumes modest gross margin expansion, largely offset by the timing shift in strategic investments, input cost inflation, and mix headwinds, I noted a moment ago. We now expect the full-year tax rate to be about 21% to 22% with a third quarter tax rate of around 22 to 23%. In closing, our strong first-half performance underscored the timelessness of Ralph's creative vision, the power of our brand, and our strengthening consumer base. With these as our foundation, we will leverage our momentum and invest in the key strategic initiatives that will support our long-term growth. And within a highly dynamic global environment, our teams around the world are executing with agility and playing offense to deliver long-term value creation for all our stakeholders. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator:  One moment please for the first question. First question comes from Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Good morning, everyone. And congratulations on the continued progress and performance. I wanted to ask -- thank you. You discussed some of the drivers of your recent out performance, just a few moments ago on the call. What elements do you consider sustainable moving forward given the shifting environment? And where do you see the biggest risk to your strong performance looking ahead? And then if you could just touch on the accretion of the digital margins and where you see that going? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning. Thank you for your question. Listen, we're certainly encouraged by the strong first half we've had this fiscal year, and what's really important to note from a mindset standpoint is we still have massive runway ahead of us. To a large extent, our brand continues to be much bigger than our business. So our performance so far has given us proof point and the confidence to continue investing in the multiple  that we had ahead of us. There are four that I would call out Dana, the first one, which is really our lifeblood, is customers. New customer acquisition.  And you've seen the numbers this past quarter up 19% versus last year, we're bringing in a younger consumer. We're bringing in a higher value consumer, a more profitable consumer, a less promotion sensitive consumer. We're very excited about that momentum. And we're going to continue to invest in this space to expand our footprint and also of course, drive retention. And we've seen very good progress on retention for customers that we've brought over the past few quarters.  Second area is around product and the breadth of our product portfolio and which we've talked in prior forms, really sets us apart from many other brands in this space. We have a lifestyle portfolio that ranges from tuxedos and evening gowns all the way to sweatshirts. And as you see consumers progressively reinvest into more elevated casual, we're incredibly well-positioned to meet that demand. And that's part of what's driven the success in Q2, is this ability to meet this hybrid customer expectation. Both more elevated products and also continued interest in athleisure.  We've been able to balance both well, on top of that, we've talked a lot about our high potential underdeveloped categories. And we've seen really nice momentum in these categories, but again, relatively early days in sneakers, outerwear, and denim, for example. So much more runway there. The third area is digital, right? And as you know, we've done a lot of work to reset here. Reset on products, reset on pricing, reset on brand presentation. We're seeing really good momentum in this channel across both our own sites, up 35% across pure players and breaking clicks up 57% this past quarter, total digit up 45%. What's exciting here is the momentum on digital continues as the stores are reopening.  So we're seeing consumers with an omni -channel mindset continue to engage both digitally and also in our stores. We are obviously going to continue to invest in capabilities in this space, functionality and connected retail experience. Notably, and you touched on it, our margin in digital continues to be accretive to our total Company margin. That is one -- of I think one of our most exciting achievements over the past year and the team has done a fantastic job to reset both product pricing, promotion, operations cost structure, in a way that this is accretive across all three regions. And our expectations is that we'll continue.  We expect digital to be our fastest-growing channel for the years to come. And we're really pleased that the digital margin is accretive to the Company margin. And we have full confidence is that we'll continue and expand. And then the final thing I would call on in terms of drivers is our focus on key cities. You know, we don't look at markets as much by country anymore. We really look at them as key cities and building and partner for the jargon, but building a connected omni -channel ecosystem in each of the key cities that's playing out really nicely, the combination of brick-and-mortar, pure-play, wholesale, brick-and-click, and our general digital wrapper.  We're seeing very strong response from the consumer in those cities where we've made these investments. You have a couple of examples in our prepared remarks of things that have happened recently in Shanghai, in Beijing. And we have more to come in the following quarters. When I look at the model we have there, the success we're seeing with it, and the opportunities we have ahead of us. Same thing, long runway in terms of our ability to go build these ecosystems around the world. So 4 key drivers that certainly drove the performance in Q2, and we will continue to play out for the long term.  As far as risks are concerned, the biggest risks we're facing are clearly macro-related. Right from supply chain to cost inflation headwinds. I mean those are very real, we've touched on these in the script. And we believe we're actually very well-positioned to mitigate them because of our brand pricing power,18 quarters in a row of AUR growth with multiple levers to drive AUR, because of our newly diversified, agile, faster supply chain that is not dependent on one specific supplier or one specific country. So these headwinds are there, they are real, but we are very confident in our ability to mitigate them.  And so I would say in this context, the biggest mistake we could make with these macro headwinds and these external pressures is actually a shift to defense. And as you've seen in our plans right now, we're on offense. We're executing our plans while mitigating the headwinds. We've got the resources to invest in the business. Our focus is on fueling our momentum next quarter, the quarter after that and for the long term. Thanks for your question, Dana.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. I have a 2-part question. My first question is, can we talk a little more about the current cost inflation environment? How are you expecting increased cost impact your ability to drive long-term AUR and operating margin from here. And my second question is -- a smart question is just can you talk about the pace of share buybacks? Would you expect to use all of the authorization they have available in the current fiscal year? Thanks so much.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, good morning, Jay. Let me take your first question in two parts. First on the AUR trajectory, we are very confident in our ability to continue our elevation journey from here. We expect to continue driving both positive AUR and gross margin expansion in the back half of fiscal 22, and through our long-term plan. Over the last 18 consecutive quarters of AUR growth, we've developed a proven multileveled approach to pricing with a focus on creating value for the consumer and it's working.  So while we're still comfortable with our overall long-term guidance of low to mid-single-digit AUR growth, it's fair to expect that our AUR rates will be on the higher end over the next year as we work through higher costs, and we work those into our broader financial algorithm. On your operating margin question, we're still well on track towards the goal of mid-teens operating margin.  Our full year fiscal '22 guidance puts us firmly on a path with around 200 basis points of expansion to pre -COVID OY levels. And we're planning to achieve this on a lower reset base of revenues. And with OY dollars substantially higher than pre -COVID levels as well. And embedded within our guide, our gross margins are expanding in spite of cost inflation and we're reinvesting back in the business because we have momentum. As Patrice mentioned, we firmly believe that now is the right time to invest in the long term. We've reset to a more profitable base and we're seeing strong momentum in our brands.  And we have the right tools in place to drive expanded AURs and gross margin. Now on your question about the pace of share buybacks. So we have, as you've noted, 580 remaining in our authorization, I would expect that over the -- historically we've done about $500 million over the course of a fiscal year. I would expect us to do at least that pace as we close out the year, but of course, we'll be looking at the value creation potential of the share buybacks looking at the market. But I think you can expect us to go at least as fast as we have historically in terms of about$ 500 billion over four quarters. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti : Thanks for taking our question. So Jane maybe -- just a couple of quick ones here. Maybe you can help us just aggregate how much -- North America slowed a little bit in both channels, maybe you can help us just aggregate how much the business transition line items impacted both the channels in North America in the quarter. And then I'd be curious if you might be able to help us think about how much supply chain may have held back North America in 2Q, just so we get an idea of what the magnitude of what's going on there is. And then, I guess, Patrice, you've got the wholesale AURs up now for a couple of quarters in a row. We've heard good news on that in the retail side for a long time.  So now that we've got a couple of quarters of AURs going up in that channel, as we look back as a 2018 Analyst Day, which I know is ancient history at this point. But you thought this business could do mid '60s gross margins at that time. And as we're looking at it now, you've got AURs, I think in a much better place than what you imagined at that time. We'd be curious to hear what you think the potential for this business is going forward. And then Jane, just one last one, fourth-quarter operating margin as guided sub 4% is that -- maybe just help us think about how much conservatism is baked in there versus actual cost that you're planning rising in the business.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Why don't I take the first part of your question in terms of the disaggregating North America growth? So if you think about North America growth, we have as we move into this second quarter, we are really encouraged by the strong -- overall strong performance in North America. We have a much stronger foundation for growth. Solid momentum in the business where we had to do most of the reset work in digital and in wholesale. And our Q2 guidance did assume a sequential LLY slowdown ex-resets, as we weren't expecting the same level of upside that we saw in Q1 based on some of the inventory restocking that we did in Q1.  But overall, Q2 was still in line or better than our expectations. I think that the other aspect in North America was we did see some traffic softness in the outlet centers as the Delta variant started to rise, sort of mid to late summer, which impacted traffic overall, but we certainly saw that impact. Now, encouragingly, we do see our conversion and our comp outpace the traffic in our web, but that was also part of the -- a bit of slowdown that we saw through the summer. Do I think this supply chain is impacting -- impacted some of that? Yes. I know that we had less airfreight coming in during that mid-summer level, so we were a little slow to get fall on the floor and make that transition. So I do expect that that impacted North America. When we started to airfreight in and we became more aggressive in airfreight as we closed out September, we saw a rise in comps in our outlet doors and we're very encouraged by that. So I do think it had an impact. There's a lot of dynamics going on, but I do think it had an impact and we were encouraged by the acceleration that we saw in September.
Patrice Louvet: And then on wholesale AUR and gross margin expectations. So first of all, we're actually really pleased with the progress that's happening in wholesale on AUR and it's really to use a baseball analogy really -- early innings on this one, right? Probably first inning. You saw the number in the release AUR, U.S. wholesale of 30% versus LLY. With strong momentum there. And what I really like about the progress there is, it's multiple leavers. It's getting smarter on promotions when, how, where to implement them. It's like-for-like pricing.  It's investing into higher-value items. So all these leavers that we've seen play out in DTC were also seeing play out in wholesale and we're working very closely with our partners, and actually are very aligned in the approach that we want to drive moving forward. So I think long runway on AUR growth and expansion in wholesale and fundamentally help your businesses as a results of it. When it comes to gross margins guidance, Michael, we're not going to change our guidance long-term at this point.  We're still, as Jane mentioned, very committed to our mid-teens operating margin and very confident in our ability to get there. I think at this point, mid-60s for gross margin expectation in the near-term is consistent with what we said, and consistent with how to think about it. And then once we have the option to guide for the next phase of growth, then we can re-look at that together. But the general message is consistency of expectations with the focus, especially on the ability to deliver mid-teens operating margins for this Company.
Jane Nielsen: And on your question regarding Q4 implied up margin, it is our smallest quarter and it's certainly our -- traditionally our smallest quarter from an -- on an OY basis. We are making substantial investments that Patrice noted, largely on new consumer acquisition and new digital sites, and digital investments, all of which will pay dividends into the future. It's not a one and done kind of return on investments. These will be a long-term investments and we're committed to making them. Where could be upside come? Really if we see revenues strengthen beyond our expectations into the fourth quarter, supply chain resolved, or especially the logistics aspect of supply chain resolves quicker than we expected. You could see some flows through there.  The pressures are twofold other than the small quarter, we're moving into some of the higher costs that we're seeing on a product basis. And you saw that we've taken up some of our estimate on freight now moving to 130 to 150 basis points. Obviously given -- freight was 60 basis points in the first quarter, 150 in the second quarter, the back half to get to our range is more substantial than that. So you see that pressure in the back-half.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. Patrice, maybe on the products side, could you help walk through key changes, maybe by category or collection that you've made to increase relevance with younger consumers as we exit the pandemic. Curious what you're most excited about into holiday. And then last, how do you see the brand positioned in a world potentially of greater overall casualization.
Patrice Louvet: So Matt, I'm going to broaden your point, because the way we appeal to that younger consumer is also through how we present some of our core products, right? How to make our white polo shirt relevant for that younger consumer. And I think through the pivots we've made on marketing, going on the platforms that resonate the most with that younger consumer, whether that's TikTok or Snap, participating in those activities that are most relevant for them, like gaming, like engaging in the Metaverse, like what we've done recently with the Zepeto where we've seen very high level of engagement.  So the shift in our marketing has really helped broaden the appeal to the younger consumer, we see it in our data. As I mentioned, upfront on Dana's question, we are seeing a younger consumer coming into the franchise. As a result of the marketing content and targeting on the product front, we have, of course, also leveraged categories that resonate the most with the younger consumer Polo sports, which we've re-energized. And I think there's a really clear positioning now, is resonating very nicely.  Elevated athleisure and fleece is also connecting nicely with that consumer. And then, some of our core, products are sweaters, or chinos, our denim. Some of our more elevated outerwear is also resonated -- quite resonating quite nicely with that younger consumer. So as I look at the broad categories that have been successful in the past quarter, and as we look ahead in terms of where we've invested, we feel very nicely positioned broadly, and in particular, for that younger consumer, whether that's again denim, investments in sneakers, driving more elevated casual that is resonating with that group both on the men's side and on the women's side.  And I'm actually very encouraged that the progression we're making in terms of attracting that younger and higher-value customer is not a one-quarter phenomenon. We've now seen this for a number of quarters and is the direct results of interventions -- targeted interventions we're making across product, across marketing, and across product brand distribution.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: The next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Thank you. Good morning and thanks so much for taking our question. Patrice and Jane, in your remarks, you called out marketing and other multiyear strategic investments to support long-term growth as a driver of SG&A investment into the second half. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the most important spend initiatives within SG&A, this year. You're into the back-half. What is within your control and accretive to long-term brand health? And are there any other components of SG&A that are rising, whether that's rising labor or given the well or -- other types of aspects of an inflation? Where do you see that opportunity into calendar '22? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: So maybe Jane will tag team on this one. In terms of Rob buckets broke into -- where we're focusing our investments moving forward that we expect to drive long-term growth, or one new customer acquisition, younger customer, higher-value customer. And we now have the tools with the consumer intelligence group that we have in place, with our ability to target and tailor the messaging to really be providing very high ROI on these types of investments. So we've seen the success behind them. We're going to dial that up across the region. The second is continued to fuel our digital momentum, right?  And that's combination of functionality on our own sites, elements of connected retail, work that we're doing with our wholesale partners, and you will see we have a number of exciting things coming online over the next couple of quarters when it comes to our digital capabilities. In addition to localizing sites, so expanding our footprint into new markets with localized propositions from the RalphLauren.com standpoint.  And then the third one is continuing to invest in building our store footprint in the context of our key city ecosystem. And we had two good examples recently with Shanghai and Beijing and there's more to come there. So these are investments that will not just generate an impact over the next one or two quarters, but there will have long-lasting effect. We really look at lifetime value of customers that we bring in to the franchise and we're actually really pleased with the profiles we're bringing in. We're really pleased with our retention performance. So these three areas will have a long runway in terms of contributions to growth and value creation.
Jane Nielsen: Yes in fact as you think about some of the components of SG&A, we've talked about marketing being at least 6% obviously, with some of the shift we did, the $25 million that came out in the first half and went into the second half. You'll see heavier marketing spend into the second half because we're able to sort of post COVID and restrictions and shutdown, we're able to activate things like the Australian Open. And we have the events coming up, the Fashion Show, Fashion Week coming up.  Those things will be activated and that's a portion of the spend that shifted. You will see this back half be closer to 7% to 8% of sales relative to our run rate, which is about 5.8% of sales into this quarter for the first half. Now, outside of SGNA versus -- outside of marketing, I'm sorry, versus last year, SMB is normalizing. Last year we had furloughs, and we had government subsidies during the height of the pandemic. We're obviously open across all our stores now. And we are seeing some wage rate pressure.  It's been most notable in our distribution centers with temporary and hourly workforce, and in our retail stores. I'm pleased to say that we are well staffed right now. But there is some inflation in wages that we saw, and of course we're committing this year to opening new doors, as a part of our drive towards direct-to-consumer, we're going to open 90 new doors this year, and there is some investment and expenses associated with that. Now, if you -- as you ask in terms of what do we have control of? Overall, we're committed to making these investments.  We do have some control over marketing, as you saw us exercise in the first half to make sure we are in tune with local markets and the operating dynamics that we're working with today, we do feel now is the right time, just with the holiday and what we're seeing in terms of opening around the country. Now is the right time to invest. And as Patrice mentioned, we're also investing in local e-commerce sites to have a very strong ROI and payback after the first 10 months.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: And the last question, please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, John.
John Kernan: Good morning. Good thanks. Going back to North America, the $700 million in revenue that we're taken out of the business globally. I think a lot of that is from North America. Just curious, how should we -- we should think about wholesale and retail within North America? And what a sustainable growth rate in North America might look like as we exit the pandemic.
Jane Nielsen: So let me just start with the $700 million of pressure, which you're exactly right, is predominantly in North America. And what's going to manifest itself through Wholesale, though significantly is the pressure from the Chaps moving to a licensed model. So that's a little more than 10 points of pressure in the second half to our Wholesale business.  I think it's absolutely the right strategic moves underlying except reset, we expect continued momentum outside of Chaps in our wholesale business and higher levels of profitability, as Patrice mentioned. In retail, obviously, Club Monaco will be excluded from our overall corporate results. But in retail, we expect as the situation of COVID normalizes that we'll see better traffic back to the store. We've got strong conversion rates, strong AUR growth plan that we've already put up and planned for balance of year that will help us drive overall retail.  We're planning for some store openings in North America and continuing comp growth. On a long-term basis, we haven't yet guided the region, but we do expect North America is on a healthy base and is positioned from -- for growth from here out. You see the digital momentum, you see it's gaining share in wholesale. And we're very encouraged by what our existing store base can do and our new store base could do.
Patrice Louvet: Yeah. I think if you in did you're going to step back and say, okay, where are the drivers of North America are going to be moving forward? And you heard me say last quarter -- I think it was last quarter and there have been this confidence in our ability to win in North America since I started and that comment and confidence completely holds true as we speak together today. As Jane mentioned, if you look at the key vectors of growth moving forward, digital, right? We now have, after a painful reset, dealing with Daigou, dealing with the site that was over promotional that didn't have the right product offering.  We've now showed very good about our ralphlauren.com site in the U.S. both in terms of how the brand has presented, are engaging with consumers. The connected retail capabilities that come with it and of course, the profitability. So that's the first element. Second element, as you mentioned, is our retail footprints, right? Both productivity in our outlet and expanding our own full-price store footprint, so more to come in this space. But we know that theres an opportunity for us to increase our presence -- physical presence from a DTC standpoint in a number of key cities in the U.S. and that work is well underway with a format that we're excited about, and a brand sensation that we're excited about.  And then the final point is now Wholesale, which used to be a drag in a bit of an albatross candidly around our necks, is now reset, is now on a healthy base both the brick-and-mortar side, where week flows as reminder, 65% of all our locations over the past 3 - 4 years. And the digital front, you saw the digital numbers. This -- the digital growth numbers from wholesale this quarter are quite strong and we believe only the beginning of the long journey. So multiple vectors of growth, Jane, as you mentioned, we're not ready to guide North America longer-term, but I think both of our behalf, I could say we have a lot of confidence in our ability to not only grow, but win in this market, right?  The last thing I would leave you with is recent -- latest share readings. We're growing share in men's, we're growing share in kids, we're growing share in home, we're growing share in women's ready-to-wear, and there's more to come. So we've got really nice momentum, a healthy foundation, and we're investing to win. All right, with that, we're going to close it here. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our third quarter fiscal '22 results with you in February. In the meantime, we hope to welcome you at the Polo Bar, little advertising never hurts, which just reopened here in New York City a couple of weeks ago where you can experience the magic of the Ralph Lauren lifestyle. Thank you for joining and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van Der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2021 [ph] conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the companys President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this mornings earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. As we close out this fiscal year, Ralph and I are proud and inspired by the way our teams have navigated through the pandemic. They have demonstrated their resilience, agility and ongoing passion for our brands and our consumers in a year unlike any other. Their commitment and execution shine through in our better-than-expected fourth quarter results. Against the volatile backdrop of the past year, we took action that has enabled us to emerge from this period a fundamentally stronger company than when we came into it. This includes; first, across all three regions, we accelerated our work to elevate our brands while also strengthening and simplifying our brand portfolio; we're also engaging more meaningfully with consumers and driving increased marketing to deliver higher brand awareness and purchase intent coupled with higher AURs; second, we repositioned each of our channels and reduced our exposure to secularly challenged areas of distribution, particularly in North America. Within wholesale, we focused our brick-and-mortar presence on our healthier stores and significantly reduced our off-price penetration. Within direct-to-consumer, we accelerated our shift to digital, step-changing profitability by over 1,000 basis points as we added new connected retail capabilities and drove quality of sales.
Operator: Please stand by. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Okay, you may begin.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties, principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Hey, if there's one thing we've learned over the past 18 months, it's agility and the importance of agility. So apologies for the false start. And now we're ready to go into our prepared remarks. So good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. Our teams delivered exceptional first quarter performance on both our top and bottom line results and across every geography. Our brand is resonating with consumers around the world as we lean into the breadth of our offering to deliver the products they are craving in this new normal. And all of our regions are in a healthier, more profitable growth trajectory. Even as we continue to execute through COVID-related challenges, it is clear that Ralph Lauren is back on offense. A few highlights to note. First, building on our consistent brand elevation work in direct-to-consumer business. We are now seeing accelerated demand and increased AUR in our wholesale channel. Second, our digital growth is accelerating following our pricing and promotional reset work last year, and our digital margins continue to be accretive across every region. And third, we continue to make strong progress toward our long-term target of mid-teens operating margins. We delivered the highest Q1 company operating margin since fiscal 2014, even as we more than doubled our marketing investment and continue to reinvest in key areas of growth like digital, key city ecosystem expansion and our consumer targeting and personalization. Our performance demonstrates consistent execution against the five strategic pillars that we outlined at the start of our Next Great Chapter plan. Let me share a few highlights from the quarter. First, on our efforts to win over a new generation, as we continue to invest in marketing, we are focused on new consumer acquisition and retention and both global and localized campaigns that capture consumers' optimism and desire to come together as we progressively emerge from the challenges of the past year. Some of our key campaigns in the first quarter included our summer of sports, which we kicked off with our Olympics campaign in North America as the official outfitter of Team USA. In June, we amplified our Wimbledon campaign with a diverse group of athletes, celebrities and influencers such as South Korean Superstar and Tottenham Forward, Son Heung-min; British pro-surfer, Lucy Campbell; and G2 eSports League of Legend Superstar, Rekkles. In the world of Golf, we celebrated our brand ambassador, Yuka Sasou's first major win at the US Women's Open Championship, and we were excited to welcome LPGA professional golfer, Andrea Lee, as the newest face of our women's golf brand. Combined, these summer sports campaigns generated more than 8 billion total impressions globally in the quarter. And there's still more to come in August and September with the 2021 Ryder Cup and the US Open Tennis Championships right here in New York. We also announced our launch this quarter as the official outfitter of G2 eSports, 1 of the world's premier professional esports organizations. We are proud of this first-of-its-kind partnership in fashion and gaming as we continue to drive new ways of reaching next-generation consumers in key channels where they engage. In all, we added more than 1 million new consumers to our direct-to-consumer channels alone this quarter. And our total social media followers continue to grow, exceeding 46 million globally, led by Instagram. This takes me to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories. As markets reopen around the world, consumers are shifting back to many of the key categories that drove our business prior to the pandemic, while we also continue to develop new and high-potential categories. While casual styles are still resonating, we're also seeing a progressive return to sophisticated casual. Given the breadth of our assortment, we have the unique ability to respond to consumer shifting appetite, reintegrating more elevated styles into our assortments as we scale back on stay-at-home categories. On the Men's side, we're seeing a resurgence in polo shirts, sports coats and trousers, denim, footwear and accessories for our core brands. In Women's, we're seeing improvements across dresses, elevated sweaters, novelty fleece, jackets and handbags. And we're also driving better performance in bottoms, including new fashion silhouettes like wide leg as well as new fabrications like Silk and Linen. We are rebuilding the penetration of these categories into Fall '21 and beyond as consumers make the transition back to the office and social activities. Our spring performance gives us increased confidence that we will have the right assortments to meet consumers' needs moving forward. Other product highlights from the quarter included our first of several special collections with Major League Baseball. These limited capsules celebrate the heritage of America's favorite past time and evoke Ralph's lifelong love of the sport. Launched in May across all of our channels, including social, digital, our stores and wholesale. The initial capsule generated over 5 billion media impressions, along with significantly higher spend compared to our average total consumer. Our Spring Polo shirt campaign included the launch of our Polo Color shop, fully made to order customized Polos and our updated Earth Polo in expanded colors. And we launched Polo Colonia Intense, an updated fragrance for a new generation and our new stir of eyewear collection, as we continue to elevate and innovate across our licensed categories as well. Moving on to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. With most of our key markets now fully reopened, we are back on offense this year, with the build-out of our brand elevating key city ecosystems around the world. This ecosystem approach ensures a consistently elevated experience across our digital, social and physical channels, both in our direct-to-consumer and wholesale networks. As part of this, in the first quarter, we opened 18 new stores and concessions in priority locations globally, mostly in Asia, and closed 11 locations. China continues to be a significant long-term growth opportunity and our ecosystem approach delivered strong growth again this quarter, with Mainland sales up more than 50%. We are opening two new emblematic store experiences this year in Beijing and Shanghai. With a smaller footprint than our existing flagships around the world, this new format offers consumers an elevated immersive brand experience at a significantly lower investment than our traditional flagships. Our Beijing store opened at the end of April in Sanlitun Mall, one of the top shopping locations in the country. In addition to featuring a Ralph's coffee, Sunlitun integrates innovative, smart retail and digital activations throughout the store in partnership with Tencent. This includes endless aisle technology, the virtual try-ons and in-store treasure hunt, using QR codes and customization stations, where consumers use our WeChat Mini Program to order customized products from their mobile phones. Though still early, the store has significantly outperformed our initial expectations, and we're excited to build on our presence in China with the opening of our emblematic Shanghai location in just a few weeks. Both stores will immerse consumers in the world of Ralph Lauren and will help further develop our ecosystems in these key markets, which already include our smaller format Polo boutiques, in fashions and digital presence across our own site and key partners such as Tmall. And as foreign tourism continues to be a headwind compared to fiscal 2020 levels, we have shifted more of our marketing, clienteling and merchandising to capture local shoppers and regional tourists, along with driving digital commerce. This takes me to our priority of leading with digital. Our global digital ecosystem, including our directly operated sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce, accelerated to more than 80% growth in the first quarter in constant currency, up from about 60% in Q4. While traffic is returning -- is starting to return to physical stores, the strength in digital is exceeding our expectations, driving a benefit to our overall operating margin mix. North America drove the biggest improvement this quarter, increasing more than 50% across both owned and wholesale digital channels. Meanwhile, Europe and Asia momentum continued with growth of more than 100% in each region in Q1, led by our wholesale digital and pure-play channels. Our investments in digital continue to focus on content creation for all of our platforms, enhanced digital capabilities to improve the user experience, and continuing to leverage AI and data to serve our consumers even more effectively. Touching on our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth. We continue to drive expense discipline in the first quarter in order to fund our long-term strategic investments in global expansion, digital, and brand building, while also working toward our target of mid-teens operating margins. We also successfully completed the sale of Club Monaco at the end of the first quarter as planned. And as previously announced, Chaps will transition from our North America wholesale business to a license model in Q2. These actions will enable us to further focus our resources on our core namesake brands and elevated positioning in the marketplace. I also want to take a moment to highlight our ongoing work to integrate citizenship and sustainability into everything we do. In June, we published our annual Design the Change report, outlining our updated commitments and actions to drive our impact and champion the lives touched by our business. While I encourage all of you to download the full report from our corporate website, I'll highlight a few important additions this year. We committed to comprising our global leadership team of at least 20% underrepresented race and ethnic groups by 2023. As part of our comprehensive circularity strategy, we set a target to use 100% recycled cotton in our products by 2025 and to launch additional resale and recycle opportunities for our consumers by 2022. We also announced a goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions across our operations and supply chain by 2040, as we continue to work on reducing our carbon footprint throughout our value chain. And beginning this fiscal year, we will incorporate key ESG metrics into our executive compensation plans. In closing, Ralph and I are very encouraged by the strong start to the fiscal year. Our teams are executing with passion and continue to embrace the agility they demonstrated throughout the challenging and unpredictable last 18 months. While we will continue to monitor key macro challenges closely for the balance of the year, notably around inflation, supply chain disruptions, COVID resurgences, and the pace of traffic recovery. The actions we took to strengthen the foundations of our brand and our business last year are enabling us to deliver results even earlier than we expected. Looking beyond this period of unusual COVID compares, we are increasingly confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth. More than ever, led by Ralph's iconic vision, our teams are intensely focused on executing on our strategic plan, to continue to protect and elevate our brand, while realizing the significant growth opportunities that exist for our business in every market. With their passion, talent, and careful execution, Ralph and I are confident in our ability to deliver attractive long-term growth and value creation for all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter performance exceeded our expectations as our teams navigated challenges with agility, our brands connected with consumers, and our strategy drove high-quality growth. Upside performance this quarter was driven by faster recovery in both North America and Europe led by our wholesale channels, strong performance across Asia, despite extended COVID headwinds in Japan, accelerated digital growth with further digital margin expansion, and continued brand elevation with high teens AUR growth. And we continue to drive expense discipline across our business while investing in high ROI initiatives to drive operating margins significantly above our expectations. First quarter revenues increased 182% to last year on a reported basis and 176% in constant currency. Growth was positive in every region, led by North America. Compared to first quarter fiscal 2020 or revenues declined 4%. However, this includes approximately seven points of negative impact from last year's strategic reset to our distribution and to our Chaps business, which transitions to a license model this month. Total digital ecosystem sales accelerated to more than 80% growth in constant currency, both to last year and LLY, including 50% growth in our own digital business. Our performance improved sequentially in every region, reflecting our strong assortments, expanded connected retail capabilities and high-impact marketing. North America delivered the strongest sequential improvement with digital ecosystem sales increasing more than 50%, up from low double digits last year. Digital margins also continue to strengthen and we're strongly accretive to every region's profitability. Total company adjusted gross margin was 69.8% in the first quarter, down 200 basis points to last year on a reported basis and down 260 basis points in constant currency. This was significantly better than expected as we lapped last year's unusual COVID mix benefits driven by better pricing and promotion, along with favorable product mix and the benefit of supply chain organization streamlining. Adjusted gross margins increased 30 basis points to LLY. First quarter AUR growth grew 17%, marking our 17th consecutive quarter of AUR gains as we continue on our brand elevation journey. This came on top of 25% growth last year, while stores were closed. Adjusted operating expenses increased 39%, driven by higher compensation and rent as we lapped last year's furloughs and store closures during COVID shutdowns. Adjusted expenses declined 2% compared to LLY. We more than doubled our first quarter marketing investments over the last year's substantially reduced levels at the start of the pandemic. Compared to first quarter fiscal 2020, marketing increased 39% as we focus on digital initiatives and reactivating key brand moments as markets reopened around the world. We expect to maintain an elevated level of marketing this year at around 6% of sales, to support consumer engagement, acquisition and our long-term brand-building initiatives. Adjusted operating margin for the first quarter was 16.8%, compared to a margin loss of negative 35.7% last year and 460 basis points ahead of LLY operating margin. This was well above our guidance of 7% to 7.5% due to stronger-than-expected replenishment in our wholesale and digital channels, which generate highly accretive margins versus our total company rate. Moving on to segment performance, starting with North America. First quarter revenue increased 300% to last year, driven by strong spring assortments, improving consumer sentiment and expanded store reopenings, as we lapped the peak of store lockdowns last spring. Compared to LLY, North America revenues declined 8%, but included an 18% headwind from our strategic distribution resets and Chaps. In North America Retail, revenues grew 189% to last year. Comps increased 176% on improved traffic and nearly 40% AUR growth, reflecting our continued elevation around product, marketing and more targeted pricing and promotions. Brick-and-mortar comps increased 278%, driven by stronger AUR, basket sizes and traffic as most stores reopened. Although, foreign tourist sales improved significantly to last year, they were still nearly 70% below LLY due to continued softness in international traffic and travel. Comps in our own digital commerce business grew 51% this quarter, accelerating from 25% in Q4, as we continue to focus on new consumer acquisition, product elevation and enhancing the user experience. While we expect continued momentum in this channel, we note the prior year compares build sequentially after Q1. In North America Wholesale, revenues increased to $250 million compared to $23 million last year, as we carefully restocked into the channel and lapped last year's minimal shipment to customers during the shutdown. Sales meaningfully outperformed our expectations, driving the biggest upside to our guidance this quarter. The foundational work we completed through COVID to reset and elevate our inventories, exit lower-tier wholesale doors and significantly reduce our off-price penetration is starting to deliver strong early results across every key metric. In North America wholesale, full-price sell-out is exceeding our sell-in. Total sell-out was up high teens to LLY in Q1, led by market share gains in men's, kids, home and women's footwear. And we are also encouraged by early sequential improvements in women's ready-to-wear. Wholesale AUR growth continues to accelerate, up more than 20% to LLY. This represents our strongest wholesale pricing gains in the last 6 years. And our focus on wholesale.com is working with digital sell-out up more than 50% in Q1 and more than 75% to LLY. Coming out of the pandemic, our wholesale partnerships are stronger, healthier and more collaborative with a focus on marketing, improved digital capabilities and the right product assortment and an appropriate level of inventories as we build back into demand, and we see more to come as we are still in the early stages of driving our brand elevation strategy in this channel. Moving on to Europe. First quarter revenue increased 194% on a reported basis and 179% in constant currency, above our expectations. First quarter comps increased at 98% with a 154% increase in brick-and-mortar as stores reopened and a 23% increase in digital commerce. The strong early pent-up demand that started in the UK this April was followed by better-than-expected reopening trends across; France, Germany and Italy despite extended lockdowns in the quarter. Approximately 20% of our stores were fully closed in Q1 with additional stores operating under partial closures or other restrictions. All of our major markets reopened by the end of June. Digital commerce outperformed despite a challenging 44% comparison last year when COVID-related closures shifted more business online. While our digital comps partially benefited from extended lockdowns across Europe this quarter, the results also reflected stronger spring assortments, growth in connected retail and our targeted marketing efforts. Europe wholesale exceeded our expectations again this quarter, driven by stronger sellout and reorders in both digital wholesale as well as traditional wholesale accounts. Turning to Asia. Revenues increased 68% on a reported basis and 61% in constant currency. Our Asia retail comps increased 43%, driven by similar performance across our brick-and-mortar stores and digital commerce. Our digital ecosystem continued to accelerate in Asia. In Q1, this was supported by our successful 520 gifting campaign, 618 shopping event live streamed from our newly-opened Stanley Tune store, and momentum in our newest digital flagships in China, Japan and Hong Kong. Japan, our largest market in Asia was negatively impacted by an extended state of emergency for the majority of the quarter. These restrictions drove a roughly 6-point headwind to the region's overall growth in Q1. Despite this, our teams were able to successfully mitigate these headwinds with stronger performance across the rest of the region. This was led by the Chinese Mainland, which was up more than 50% to last year and 70% to LLY in constant currency, driven by a strong product assortment, localized marketing initiatives and new store openings. Korea was also up more than 30% to last year and 40% to LLY. Japan returned to normal operations in late June and started to ramp up vaccinations. However, the government declared another state of emergency in July ahead of the Olympic Games, and we expect a slower recovery in Japan this year. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $3 billion in cash and investments and $1.6 billion in total debt, which compares to $2.7 billion in cash and investments and $1.9 billion in total debt last year. We are confident in our ability to meet our debt leverage requirements, ratio requirements in Q2 and eliminate capital allocation restrictions in our bank waiver. Net inventory increased 4% to support increasing demand. This compared to a 22% decline last year a 22% decline last year when we limited shipments to brick-and-mortar channels at the height of COVID shutdowns last spring. Supply chain challenges are increasing. The variability of inventory flows quarter-to-quarter. Looking ahead, our outlook is based on our best assessment of the current macro environment, which includes ongoing COVID-related disruptions, the global supply chain challenge and the global supply chain challenges. We expect the quarter cadence this year to be volatile given dynamic conditions across our markets. This includes potentially uneven pace of recovery by region and channel as well as the timing of investments as markets reopen. For fiscal 2022, we now expect constant currency revenues to increase approximately 25% to 30% to last year on a 53-week basis. Excluding approximately $700 million in annualized revenues, we deliberately reduced during the pandemic, including department store exits, off-price and dig reductions, Chaps and Club Monaco, this implies revenues up slightly to fiscal 2020. Foreign currency is expected to contribute about 30 basis points to full year revenue growth. We now expect gross margin to expand 50 to 70 basis points even as we lap meaningful geographic and channel mix benefits due to last year's COVID closures. This implies roughly 440 basis point increase to fiscal 2020. Our outlook includes slightly higher freight headwinds of approximately 100 to 120 basis points versus our previous expectation of about 100 basis points. However, this is more than offset by our expectation of stronger AUR growth of mid- to high single-digits above our long-term guidance of low to mid-single digits annually as we continue our long-term elevation work. We now expect operating margin of 12% to 12.5%, up from our 11% outlook previously. This compares to a 4. 8% operating margin last year and 10.3% in fiscal 2020. We expect operating margin for the remaining three quarters to moderate from Q1 levels based on increased marketing investments as planned to get to our target of 6% of sales this year, increased freight pressure in the back half of the year and our assumption that the higher margin wholesale replenishments that we saw in the first quarter does not continue as demand start to normalize. For the full year, we expect operating profit dollars to increase meaningfully compared to fiscal 2020 pre-COVID levels. For the second quarter, which no longer includes Club Monaco, we expect constant currency revenues to increase approximately 20% to 22%. Foreign currency is expected to contribute about 50 basis points to revenue growth. We expect operating margin of about 13% to 14% in the second quarter. This includes gross margin of flat to up 20 basis points as we continue to drive AUR and product mix, largely offset by higher freight as we lap last year's COVID mix benefits. We also expect modest operating expense leverage and restructuring savings, partially offset by higher marketing and new stores. We expect full year tax rate to be about 24% with the second quarter tax rate about 24% to 25%. In closing, we are proud of our team's agility and execution around the world this quarter. As Patrice mentioned, we are still managing through a highly dynamic environment. We are firmly back on offense with this strong start to the year and this is only the beginning. Guided by Ralph's original vision and our purpose of inspiring the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style. We are connecting with consumers in more exciting and innovative ways than ever before. Over the coming quarters and beyond, you'll continue to see us driving our targeted strategic investments in key growth opportunities in order to deliver value for all our stakeholders. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Brooke Roach at Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking our question. Can you please elaborate on what drove the outperformance in Q1? And perhaps where you see the most upside or downside risk to your updated fiscal 2022 guidance from here? And Jane, as a follow-up, with the 12% to 12.5% operating margin outlook in your sites for the year, how are you thinking about the levers to achieve your mid-teen longer-term operating margin target? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Hey good morning Brooke. Thanks for your question to kick us off. So, first off, I actually really want to take a moment to acknowledge the tremendous execution and agility of our teams in the first quarter as we got back on offense as a company. I'd say the key drivers of this quarter's outperformance were, first, the stronger-than-expected recovery in North America and Europe, especially in wholesale, which, as you know, is accretive to overall margins. Just a couple of data points to illustrate that, our North America wholesale AUR was up more than 20%. Our sell-out  full price sellout was up in the high teens and our wholesale.com business was up more than 75% to LLY. All 3 of these numbers are versus LLY, which we think is the more relevant benchmark period. The reset work that we did to create a healthier foundation in wholesale over the past few quarters is really starting to play out nicely and in a brand-enhancing way. The second point, I would call out is the fact that we drove the right elevated product and brand messaging with consumers. Ralph and our design team have done a great job of creating assortments that are resonating with consumers. We've been really pleased with our ability to win in casual, while at the same time, winning in more sophisticated casual as the consumer pivots back into that direction. And the third point I'd call out is our pivot to digital and connected retail, which is really driving accelerated growth and margin accretion across our digital channels. So therefore, I'd say we are feeling confident in the sustainability of our growth going forward, driven by a structurally healthier base, an important pivot in North America wholesale and digital and investments back into our business.
Jane Nielsen: And Brooke, I would just add that many of the risk factors that we highlighted at the start of the year did not materialize in this quarter. And there were not as much of a headwind as we originally anticipated. And on the second part of your question, based on the strong Q1 beat, we felt comfortable raising our full year guidance on strength in digital and improved gross margin outlook with higher AURs and our ability to flow through top line outperformance to operating margin. That being said, the global environment remains volatile and our guidance continues to incorporate a number of factors. First, it's clear that COVID isn't over, and we are watching the impact across our markets from both a demand recovery as well as from a supply chain perspective. And second, we expect to have increased inflationary pressures whether it's from freight, raw materials or labor to be a headwind as we move through the year. And lastly, while we're focused on strong growth trajectory in fiscal '22, we're very focused on long-term growth and sustainable value creation. And as Patrice mentioned, we're going to continue to invest in profitable growth. And as we look towards a mid-teens operating margin, which we still think is the right long-term outlook for our business. We would say that we will continue  we get to mid-teens margins based on continued revenue recovery, although lower than our original expectation of a $7 billion revenue mark in our original investment day, thanks to the foundational work that we did through COVID. But it will continue to be a story of expanded gross margin and SG&A expense leverage to the top line. And we can do this based on a -- the expectation of a low single-digit comp growth, we've noticed -- as we've noted earlier in prior quarters. We still feel confident about that. That's still our long-term goal, and we feel great about the progress we've made in this year in getting closer to that goal. 
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Mattew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on a really nice quarter again, guys.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Matt.
Mattew Boss: So Patrice, 17% AUR growth is on top of 25% a year ago. Maybe by region or by category, where are you seeing the greatest upside relative to plan as maybe you had laid it out, as it relates to pricing power? And then, as we think moving forward, where do you see the greatest opportunity remaining as you continue down the brand elevation path?
Patrice Louvet: So you're right. It's 17% this quarter. And just to frame it for everyone on the call, this is our 17th quarter of AUR growth, okay? Now we know our AUR growth over the past 12 to 18 months has been outsized and our long-term guidance on that is more low to mid-single digits. But we're really pleased with the progress that the team has made on continuing to elevate the brand and drive AUR growth concurrently. Matt, the biggest areas of progression. The one thing I would really call out is actually the progress on North America wholesale. Because we haven't grown AUR in wholesale in North America in the long, long time, years. And I think through the great partnership that we have with our wholesale players here in the market, as well as the brand elevation work, the work on products, the work on marketing, the work on presenting the brand in a more engaging way, it's translating into meaningful AUR growth. You think we quoted a number up over 20% versus LLY North America wholesale. And listen, this is not a one quarter pop. We are confident in our trajectory moving forward, working closely with our partners to continue to drive AUR in wholesale. The other area I would call out is actually North America, our own website, where we saw, again, very meaningful progression on AUR this quarter, I think, up north of 40%. So quite healthy. Again, we're not pricing. We're not elevating AUR in a vacuum. This is the outcome of brand elevation work. Again, elevating the product, elevating our marketing, elevating our presentation. And as a result, we have the ability to drive AUR through the four vectors that we've been talking historically together. One is, being much more targeted and surgical in our promotional activity. Two is, strategic price increases where we believe we can offer competitive value relative to our peer set. Three is, continuing to invest in product mix, and you see us invest in outerwear, in home, now and those products obviously carry much greater AUR levels. And then finally, channel and country mix. So that's some specificity. But all-in-all, Matt, we've actually grown AUR really nicely across the board, and we're really pleased with our performance across regions, across channels, which indicates again that the brand elevation work that we are doing is sticking and that the consumers see the value in what we have to offer.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. And Matt, I would just add that, we are really at the start of this journey in North America and we see significant upside. As Patrice mentioned, the wholesale pricing is very encouraging. You saw strong AUR growth in North America. And I think we're really encouraged by the team's ability to add levers of pricing as we move forward. Notably, our new consumer acquisition with those new consumers transacting at higher AURs and bigger basket sizes is a really nice additional lever that we feel confident in and confident that we've proved out the ROI of investing in that new consumer acquisition. So we feel like there is more upside as we move forward. I think North America is encouraging, but also we're encouraged by the pricing that we put up in our more developed markets like Asia, which has led in terms of AUR levels, but continues to grow nicely as we continue our brand elevation journey.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for all the details. First, I'll offer my congrats. I know you guys did a lot of hard work to clean up the business last year. We can see the results of it here. A couple for me. Jane, similar to Matt's question on the AUR. How do you think about the sustainability of gross margins here? It's above  the run rate is above what you thought about at the Analyst Day, a couple of years back. It's been just such a source of upside to both our numbers and your plan for so many quarters. And it doesn't sound like the underlying drivers are slowing down at all. So I'd love your thoughts there. And then I guess in the quarter, as you started to refill the North America wholesale channel and Patrice, I heard in your voice, you're very happy with that. The growth rate improved by about 100 basis points sequentially compared to fourth quarter. So good numbers by any standards. And I don't mean to tempt or sound greedy, but as we've watched some of the peers report here lately, I wonder if Ralph Lauren would have seen wholesale up even more. And the only reason I ask that is because you've been very measured about the pace of restocking that channel. And I wonder if you could try to dimensionalize for us, how you think about the September quarter and North America wholesale channel trend, the gap between selling and sell-through. Do you feel like you've held it back and that can continue to normalize, or how should we think about the continuation of the refill the wholesale channel in North America?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, Michael. That's a -- you've got a power packed question there. But let me start on gross margin because I think we really step back from our gross margin journey, which we didn't start during COVID. It started four years ago. It's really been a couple of big things. It's the power of our brand, our belief in it and our investment in it and the belief that we should be elevating all touch points to the consumer. That's what's given us the durability of our pricing journey, and that's what's really allowed us to continue to expand gross margin. We still believe in that journey. Both this  we also see that we have stronger products than ever before at what our breadth of categories and our strength of both opening price points, which we've maintained during this pricing journey and elevated price points, which our consumers are telling us that they have a strong and strong demand for has been an important part of our product mix journey and gives us confidence in our ability to continue to drive gross margin. We also see the durability of our tailwinds. Longer-term, we should continue to see geographic benefits and channel benefits as we lean into direct-to-consumer and lean into digital. Those are the things that underneath the covers are really driving our long-term gross margin journey, which we believe is durable for the next several years, maybe not at the pace that we've seen during COVID, certainly, but gross margin expansion. And you continue to see that in us taking up our guidance to now expanded margins for the balance of the year. And just a couple of comments on the wholesale channel. We're very pleased with what we saw in the wholesale trajectory this year. We've often -- we've said throughout COVID that our sell-out and sell-in would start to normalize, while sell-out exceeded sell-in this quarter, we expect that to normalize and be strong as we move through with our partners in recovery. We're very encouraged by the comp performance in our North America wholesale business, which was up double-digits. And we're very pleased by the strong pace of growth that we saw in our digital wholesale business. I think we're working more collaboratively and in greater partnership with our wholesale partners than ever before.
Patrice Louvet: Yes. I'm sorry, I would just double down on that. I think we've been really pleased with the partnership with our partners here. Just a data point to give you the context of the reset work that we've done on wholesale brick-and-mortar North America over the past few years. We're down 66% in terms of wholesale doors over the past 4 years, right? So, we're seeing the benefit of that healthier brick-and-mortar base. And then we're also seeing the benefit of amazing partnership we have on the digital front where you saw significant acceleration of our Wholesale.com performance, and we expect that momentum to continue. And I think we are on the very same page when it comes to looking at assortment and continuing to elevate our assortment.
Corey Van Der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning Erinn.
Erinn Murphy: A couple for me. First, I was hoping you could share a little bit more about the category outperformance. You named a number of categories, including Polo shirt for men, kind of tailored bottom, wide leg bottoms for women. And just going back to your Investor Day, you talked about non-core categories as being $0.5 billion of incremental growth. Just with what you've seen on consumer behavior, has the complexion of the categories in the non-core area change? Just curious on how you're thinking about the growth there. And then I've got 1 follow-up.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So, I'll take that one. I'm sure your follow-up is for Jane. So, on men's, it's indeed a pivot towards newness and a pivot towards more elevated products. And so sports jackets, sports coats, polo shirts, trousers, denim, and footwear are the areas where we have over-delivered over the past quarter. On women's, we're seeing the same shift towards newness and more sophisticated elevated casual, dresses, novelty sweaters, jackets, and bottoms are the key areas, Erinn, for women's. And as far as our, we like to call in high potential categories as opposed to non-core, but because over time, they will become core for us. So, these areas that we called out like outerwear, denim footwear accessories, and we're adding home to that, we still believe in the potential of those categories. If anything on outerwear, I think the opportunity is probably bigger than we initially estimated three or four years back. And we're going to continue to invest in that heavily. You will see that in our fall assortment as an illustration of that. And then across these different categories, I think we feel good about the capabilities we're building, the development of the product, how we're activating from a marketing standpoint and really rethinking the way the product needs to show up from a distribution point. The most recent addition to that group is home. It's very early days on that journey, but we're very bullish on the opportunity and encouraged by the initial momentum we have on those.
Erinn Murphy: Great. And then my follow-up is just on the tourist level, I think you talked about it being down 70% versus LLY. Can you just share kind of your outlook over the next 12 to 18 months? Are there any signs of life as Europe reopening there or even here in North America and just kind of how we should think about the rebound as we look forward? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Well, we -- Aaron, while we saw tourist sales improved slightly in North America, they're still down 69% to LLY, but we did see some improvement on a sequential basis, but international travel remain limited to most regions. Our assumption in fiscal 2022 is that we've assumed continued headwinds from tourist sales as we expect foreign travel to be under pressure through the fiscal year. Foreign tourism intends to be lagging indicator. But fortunately, we are focused on capturing more domestic travel opportunities coming out of the pandemic. And know we've noted our Sanlitun store, which is outperforming in tourist market like Beijing and local domestic travel to some of our flagships is that we're also leaning into. And we have a limited presence in travel retail and have anticipated that that will be slower to recovery as we move forward. And we're very focused on building our business with the Chinese consumer within China. And you've seen our Mainland China growth, continued strong store build-outs and really increased marketing, which we doubled this quarter to engage with that consumer before they start on their travel as the markets start to recover. But our expectation is that will happen after fiscal 2022.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks very much for taking my question. Another great quarter. I wanted to ask a quick follow-up on all the discussions around your wholesale partners and the improved more collaborative relationships you're having there. Do you have any thoughts on whether the legacy markdown support vendor model -- vendor markdown support model maybe on the decline and less relevant going forward? And then I also wanted to get you guys talk a little bit more about the e-comm acceleration with the younger consumers, update with those consumers, what role do they play in the new pricing, new found pricing power in the brand? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Certainly, as we look at our global wholesale footprint, we want to drive greater focus on more on just natural margin, right? And that's certainly where we're headed, and as we're seeing our improved AUR performance in North America, less reliance on promotional activity. I think that's the direction of travel. So that's certainly the intent and that's what we're working towards. With our partners in a win-win mindset so that we can expand our margins, and they can also expand theirs in a sustainable win. When it comes to recruiting new consumers on our e-commerce sites, if I understood your question correctly, Omar, I mean, actually, we're quite energized by the progress we're making in terms of new younger consumer recruiting on our site. It's the result of a combination of factors, right? One, our marketing investments are up significantly. Just as a reminder, marketing this year, 6% of revenue, two years ago, 4.5% of revenue, so a significant lift in marketing. And then we're playing a much broader palette of marketing activities, ranging from these above the line big brand campaigns around the polo shirt to our activities on sports, Olympics, Wimbledon, gaming, right? You saw that we signed a partnership with G2 and in particular, with the Rekkles, they're one of their superstars there because that's where the consumer is. And that we want to -- we're going to appeal to that younger consumer where he or she consumes media, where he or she engages and we're seeing gaming as an important component of that. And then we're continuing to inject product newness and surprise in our program. So Major League Baseball program, frankly, exceeded our expectations significantly what we've seen in Asia, and particularly in China, with the partnership that we did with Edison Chen and the Clot brand, also significant excitement and very strong reaction from consumers. So, we are going to continue to appeal to a new generation, right? That's 1 of our 5 core strategic pillars. We think through our increased marketing and our more targeted approach, we have the ability to do that, and I think the numbers would bear that out. To Jane's earlier point, what we like about the consumer beyond the fact that it's a new generation is higher basket size, more -- full price and therefore, a more profitable consumer for us. And then we also put a lot of attention and focus on retention, right? Because obviously, the name of the game is interested to bring them in is to make sure they stay in the family. And here, our ability to target them with much more personalized messaging through digital is proving to be a very effective tool for us. So a journey to be continued, but we're excited and encouraged by the momentum we have with that next-generation consumer.
Jane Nielsen: Omar, I just wanted to add just on your comment about vendor allowance and the relevance. Full price selling takes vendor allowances off the table. And when I look at our progress this quarter, our full price sell out was up almost 150%. And it was up almost 20% on a LLY basis. That's the power that eliminates the need for vendor allowances. It's the power of our brand, and that's what we're committed to delivery. 
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lauren Bales with Exane BNP Paribas.
Lauren Bales: Good morning. Congrats on great results. I just wanted to ask about the operating margin, Jane and Patrice. You just delivered nearly a 17% operating margin in 1Q. You're guiding for a 13% to 14% operating margin, which would imply 2H operating margins would be single digits. Jane, any considerations on the gross margin SG&A front? And then secondly, I think, Jane, I think you mentioned North America was down 8%, but on a 2-year stack, but then there were 18 points of headwind due to the strategic actions which suggest that North America on a core basis really did grow. Is that the right way to think about it? And if so, how do we think about North America growth on a 2-year stack basis for FY '22?
Jane Nielsen: Well, we will have the headwinds of the reset that we did. So you're exactly right. North America was down 8%. If you consider the 3%. Yes.
Patrice Louvet: Up 10%.
Jane Nielsen: Up 10%. Is that right?
Patrice Louvet: Yes, whole company up 3.5% without the resets, North Tercas specifically up 10%?
Jane Nielsen: I apologize. So North America would be up 10 if you take out all of the resets in Q1, even though on a LLY basis, it was down 8%. We're guiding now to 12% to 12.5% operating margin. That's puts us 200 basis points ahead of pre-COVID levels on a lower revenue base. So we're feeling very good about our progress towards our mid-teens operating margin. We do note, as we move through the year that we had some exceptional replenishment opportunities in wholesale, both digitally, digital pure players and our wholesale partners, which comes through at a high incremental margin. And don't anticipate that level of replenishment as we move forward. And we note that some of the freight pressures and some of the raw material pressures will continue be a headwind in the balance of the year. You'll recall, Laurent, that we buy on long-term contracts, and so some of that long-term pricing starts to fade out as we move into higher price layers as we move through the year. And we've incorporated this into our guidance, but we've taken up our freight impact from 100 basis points to 120 basis points for the year. The key lever for the balance of the year is really top line momentum. Now we're watching a number of factors, COVID, the delta variant and the supply chain very carefully, but we're very encouraged. It's still early in the year. We feel confident. We feel like we're back on offense and -- but we have a clear-eyed view of where the risk is and the opportunities across channels and the opportunities across our brand.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Thank you. Well take the last question please.
Operator: Thank you. The last question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats Patrice, Jane. Great job. I guess maybe, Jane, a question on margins. The digital commentary you guys are giving, you're not only seeing pretty meaningful revenue acceleration in that channel, especially in North America, but the profitability metrics are pretty impressive. But I think you talked about 1,400 basis points of margin improvement on a two-year basis. And I think you said that it's now accretive to the total company operating margin, which is implying its mid-teens or better. How does that change the algorithm to get you to the mid-teens margin, maybe even quicker than what you would have thought prior at the Analyst Day when you think about how digital is mixing and the margin drivers within that channel?
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. So the digital reset is a key and powerful driver for us to get to our operating margin expansion even on a lower revenue base. So I just want to clarify, not only is it accretive to total company, right, but it's accretive to every region. And when you look at the operating margins of the region, they are meaningfully ahead because they don't have the overhead charges of our total company margin. So to have it be accretive in every region is even a higher bar than accretive to total company, and it's accretive in every region. We're very proud of that. That can be a lever that we can now lean into and have it be margin accretive. It's a critical strategic reset for us. And I think we'll only -- is only securing and building our confidence in our ability to get to mid-teens margins. So we are very encouraged by our continued expansion in digital margins this quarter.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our second quarter fiscal 2022 results with you in November and in the meantime, stay safe, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-05-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2021 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. As we close out this fiscal year, Ralph and I are proud and inspired by the way our teams have navigated through the pandemic. They have demonstrated their resilience, agility, and ongoing passion for our brand and our consumers in a year unlike any other. Their commitment and execution shine through in our better-than-expected fourth quarter results. Against the volatile backdrop of the past year, we took action that has enabled us to emerge from this period a fundamentally stronger company, than when we came into it. This includes first, across all three regions, we accelerated our work to elevate our brands while also strengthening and simplifying our brand portfolio. We're also engaging more meaningfully with consumers and driving increased marketing to deliver higher brand awareness and purchase intent coupled with higher AURs. Second, we re-positioned each of our channels and reduced our exposure to secularly challenge areas of distribution, particularly in North America. Within wholesale, we focused our brick-and-mortar presence on our healthier stores and significantly reduced our off-price penetration. Within direct-to-consumer, we accelerated our shift to digital, step changing profitability by over 1,000 basis points, as we added new connected retail capabilities and drove quality of sales. Third, we established a stronger, digital infrastructure globally, while also ramping up our investments in consumer analytics, personalization, and high value new customer acquisition. Fourth, within our supply chain, we further diversified across geographies and meaningfully shortened lead times. With approximately two-thirds of our products now in lead times of six months or less, two years ahead of our goal to reach 50% and compared to just 20% five years ago. And lastly, we created a leaner, more agile cost structure. This operating discipline is enabling us to accelerate growth investments across areas like marketing, digital, and our key city ecosystems with further expansion in select underpenetrated markets this year. Overall, these actions position our business for healthier, more sustainable growth as we emerge from COVID. And beyond the foundational work we delivered this year, we strongly believe our brand is uniquely positioned to capture share both during this transitional post-pandemic period and longer term. Ralph has created a lifestyle brand that is inclusive and marked by spirit of togetherness, optimism, and love. And we believe this is the kind of luxury that people are creating in this moment. The breadth of our lifestyle portfolio means we have the ability to continue meeting consumers desires through comfort and timely [indiscernible], while also delivering on their increasing appetite to reintegrate elevated dress your styles back into their wardrobes. Over the coming quarters, you will see us progressively evolve our assortments accordingly. Before I speak to our growth drivers, I want to share a few of the highlights from our five strategic pillars this quarter and year. First, on our efforts to win over a new generation. Some of our key campaigns this year included our Ralph Lauren Bitmoji Collection on Snapchat with over 1 billion try-ons to date. Our first of its kind Virtual Store Experiences, which now includes five of our iconic flagships globally, our Spring '21 Collection featuring a live performance from Janelle Monae, with over 36 million video views and more than 8 billion total impressions. Our limited edition Polo collaboration with Edison Chen's CLOT brand, ahead of the Lunar New Year, which sold out in less than two minutes on our WeChat Mini-Program in China, and with over 6 billion total impressions. And our debut sponsorship of the Australian Open, which resonated particularly well across Asia. And more still to come with our summer sports program, including the Tokyo Olympics starting in just over two months. In all, we added approximately 4 million new consumers through our direct-to-consumer platforms alone this past fiscal year. And our total social media followers exceeded 45 million led by Instagram, TikTok, Kakao, and Snapchat. This takes me to our priority of leading with digital. Fiscal 2021 was a transformational year in digitizing our consumer platforms and experiences, as well as how we work as a company. And we were proud to deliver significant acceleration in digital performance across each of our regions with total digital ecosystem growth of more than 60% this quarter. We accelerated the roll-out of connected retail programs to enable our consumers to interact with our brands in new and more personal venues. Among the many new capabilities we added this year, highlights included digital catalogs, Buy Online-Pick Up in Store and curbside pickup, mobile checkout, contactless payments, and Klarna payment installments. Connected Retail options now represent a high-single-digit percentage of our retail revenues in North America, and a high-teens percentage in Europe, up from low-single digits in both regions prior to COVID. We also continued to roll out digital flagships in Japan and Hong Kong, while adding new partnerships with influential digital partners around the world like Farfetch. In the fourth quarter, we also rolled out digital ID tagging to 50% of our total products and are on track to reach a 100% by end of fiscal 2022. These not only enable product authentication and support future circularity, but also provide consumers access to detailed product information. In addition to our consumer-facing enhancements, we made significant stride this year in digitizing how we work as a company. This includes the adoption of virtual showrooms and continuing to expand our 3D digital product creation. Touching on our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth, we accelerated key actions this year to realign our cost structure, many of which I outlined at the outset of our call. The third and final stage of our fiscal 2021 strategic realignment plan was our announcement last week to sell Club Monaco, expected to close in Q1. This sale combined with our previously announced action on shifting Chaps to a licensed model will enable us to further focus our resources on our core namesake brands. Club Monaco has been an important parts of Ralph Lauren for over two decades now. We are proud of the brand's evolution over that time, thanks to the passion and dedication of its talented, experienced, and engaged global team. We believe that this is the right step forward for the brand, and we are confident in the brand's strong future under Regents stewardship. With this step and the actions we've taken as part of our strategic realignment plan, we continue to progress on our brand elevation journey as we deliver Ralph's vision in today's dynamic environment creating values for all of our stakeholders in fiscal 2022 and beyond. Importantly, I also want to take a moment to highlight our ongoing work to integrate citizenship and sustainability into everything we do. Navigating a highly dynamic global retail environment in the midst of COVID-19, our first priority was to ensure the safety and well-being of our employees, partners and communities. This year, we donated hundreds of thousands of PPE, the frontline workers, 3 million products to frontline workers and families indeed, doubling our initial commitment and $10 million in COVID-19 relief from the Ralph Lauren corporate foundation to support our employees. communities and charitable partners. We were also proud to be named once again one of Forbes 2021 America's Best Employers for Diversity, capping off an important and defining year of employee engagement, round tables and learning opportunities for our organization. Within sustainability, we launched our circularity strategy, as well as color on demand, the revolutionary platform aimed at delivering the world's first scalable zero waste water cotton dyeing system. We are open sourcing the first phase of the platform to the fashion industry. Our hope is that we will see broad industry adoption, so that together we can make progress in addressing one of our sectors biggest area of income. We look forward to sharing our comprehensive progress on our citizenship and sustainability journey in our 2021 Design the Change report this June. Looking to fiscal year 2002, though still volatile given ongoing COVID closures and global supply chain disruptions, we are optimistic on a more favorable operating environment ahead. Consistent with the five pillars of our Next Great Chapter plan, we expect top line growth over the next year to be driven by a combination of continuing to scale digital, which now represents more than 25% of our total sales; expanding our key city ecosystems, led by fast growing markets like China, in addition to our under-penetrated areas in North America and Europe; accelerating marketing investments, Including new consumer acquisition targeting and personalization; and continuing on our brand elevation journey more broadly across our distribution and product assortments, driving further AUR growth, coupled with unit growth. Furthermore, we have confidence in a new post-pandemic fashion cycle based on the strong full price performance of our Spring '21 Collections. Our consumers are starting to gravitate back to newness, color and the styles we are best known for, such as our Iconic mesh polos, blazers and denim. This trend comes on top of the continued momentum we are seeing in, fleece, tees, novelty sweaters and other casual styles that have resonated with the past year. With our brand's unique ability to a short compelling products across Sportswear, loungewear and dressier styles, we will be consumer's growing demand across these categories in the coming season. In closing, Ralph and I want to reiterate how proud we are of the dedication, resilience and agility, our teams have demonstrated as we worked through a challenging year on many levels. We enter fiscal year 2022 stronger than we came into the crisis. With a stronger go-to market model, in more streamlined cost structure, more resilient supply chain and then iconic brand, well positioned to capitalize on the relax with sophisticated style consumers are craving. As we look ahead, we have significant opportunity, and a world-class team focused on becoming and even more elevated more direct-to-consumer, more digital, more global and more diverse equitable and sustainable company. And before I pass it to Jane, a couple of updates regarding our Board. Hubert Joly, will step into the role of Lead Independent Director, previously held by Frank Bennack, while Frank will continue to serve our Board. In addition, Ralph and I would like to extend our thanks to Joel Fleishman, who plans to retire from our Board of Directors this July for his leadership, significant contributions to the company and unflagging support and kindness. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane, to discuss our financial results. And I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. With the extraordinary efforts of our teams around the world, we closed out the year significantly stronger than we came into it, in terms of both our financial performance as well as our key strategic initiatives. Our fourth quarter and full year results reflected increased agility across our organization as macro conditions and consumer behaviors evolved. A significant leap forward on our elevation journey as we re-positioned our distribution and accelerated our pricing gains. Our digital transformation from how we serve our consumers to the way we work and driving digital margin accretion and a better aligned operational and expense structure overall. This year we delivered the highest gross margin in the company's history, even excluding the one-time mix benefits of COVID. Our underlying gross margin for fiscal 2021 was about 64.2%. We also strengthened our balance sheet through this year of uncertainty and are pleased to announce the reinstatement of our dividend in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. And as Patrice mentioned, we announced the final stage of our strategic realignment plan with the sale of Club Monaco contributing about 40 basis points to 50 basis points to operating margins this year. These actions step the right foundation and strategic focus for our teams as we enter fiscal 2022. Moving on to our fourth quarter performance. Our business returned to growth in the fourth quarter. Total revenues increased 1% compared to an 18% decline in the third quarter. All regions improved sequentially with positive growth in Asia and Europe on a reported basis, despite continued COVID-related disruptions. North America also returned to positive comps this quarter driven by significant digital acceleration. Global wholesale revenues increased 1% and direct-to-consumer revenues were up 4%. Total digital ecosystem sales accelerated to more than 60% with double-digit growth in every region up from mid-single digits in the first nine months of the year. And we delivered digital margins that were accretive within every region and to our total company rate expanding more than a 1,000 basis points in the fourth quarter and full year. We achieved this outstanding result through a combination of higher quality of sales and operating expense leverage. This was an important step as we work toward our mid-teens company operating margin target and continue to drive digital expansion in the years to come. Total company adjusted gross margin was 62.9% in the fourth quarter, up 380 basis points to last year. Gross margin expansion was primarily driven by strong AUR growth, along with favorable geographic and channel mix shifts. Product costs were also lower as we lapped last year's tariff impacts in North America, partially offset by higher freight costs this year. Around 80 basis points of fourth quarter and 150 basis points of full year gross margin expansion was driven by unusual mix shifts due to COVID. Fourth quarter AUR growth of 30% represented our 16th consecutive quarter of AUR gains, as we continue on our brand elevation journey. Underlying AUR growth of about 20% was driven by a combination of reduced promotional activity, improved full price selling on our new Spring Collections and strategic price increases. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our long-term target of low to mid-single digit AUR growth supported by the same multi-pronged strategy of product elevation, acquisition of new full-priced consumers and favorable channel and geographic mix, while also ramping up our targeting and personalization efforts. Operating expenses declined 4% to last year driven by reductions in compensation, rent and other expenses as we started to realize the early benefits of our fiscal 2021 restructuring. Adjusted operating margins for the fourth quarter was 3.4%, up 680 basis points to last year. Marketing in the fourth quarter accelerated to 44% growth as we reactivated in-person activities continue to drive high impact digital campaigns and personalization and shifted certain investments from the first three quarters of the year due to COVID lockdowns. For the full year, marketing increased to 6% of sales, up from 4.5% the prior year. With sales growth expected to accelerate in fiscal 2022, we expect marketing to remain at an elevated level to support our long-term brand building, digital activations and key events like the Olympics, US Open and Wimbledon. Moving on to segment performance. Starting with North America. Fourth quarter revenue decreased 10% to last year, but continued to improve on a sequential basis, including an earlier than expected return to positive retail comps, up 3%. Comps in our owned digital commerce business were up 25% this quarter, accelerating from 9% in Q3. Underlying sales to domestic consumers accelerated to over 50% up from high teens in Q3, while the sales to international daigou consumers declined double digits to last year as planned. We reduced our site-wide promotions by 50 days compared to the prior year, as we continue to elevate our digital experience driving AUR up more than 40% and gross margins up more than 700 basis points to last year in the channel. At the same time, we continue to invest in new consumer acquisition, up 78% in the fourth quarter and 45% for the full year. These new consumers are transacting at higher gross margin rates and larger basket sizes, and represent a higher penetration of consumers under 35. Stronger sales of new Spring '21 product offering along with continued investments in Connected Retailing helped deliver a significant increase in our full-price sales this quarter, which grew more than a 150% to last year. Brick-and-mortar comps improved sequentially to down 2% in the quarter with meaningful improvements in AUR, basket size and conversion. Traffic was down 23%, but in selected to positive growth in the last three weeks of March, as we started to lap COVID shutdowns, while foreign tourist sales were down about 75%. In North America wholesale, fourth quarter revenue declined 22%, as we continue to manage our sell-in carefully through the Spring season. However, we were encouraged by positive sell-out performance along with double-digit AUR increases to both last year and LLY. Our inventories in the marketplace were clean and well positioned at year-end declining nearly 30% at North America wholesale. And we expect a meaningful turnaround in our sell-in trends as we enter Q1. Our sales to off-price were down double-digits as planned, reducing our penetration to the channel by about 450 basis points for the full year. Overall, we completed our distribution reset plans in North America this year across digital, department stores and off-price, enabling us to enter fiscal 2022 with a healthier, more elevated brand positioning. We ended fiscal 2021 with North America brick-and-mortar full price wholesale penetration at about 10% of total company revenues, down from mid-teens last year, as we continue to accelerate our wholesale.com, direct-to- consumer and international expansion. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the positive momentum in our direct-to-consumer comps, including digital acceleration and quality wholesale improvement. Moving on to Europe. Fourth quarter revenue increased 5% on a reported basis, and was down 4% in constant currency. Europe retail comps were down 45% with 65% decline in brick-and-mortar stores, partially offset by continued acceleration in our own digital commerce, up 79%. More than half our stores were fully closed in the quarter, similar to last spring. Nevertheless, we were able to drive significantly better performance compared to our Q1 lockdown as strong momentum across digital help to offset brick-and-mortar headwinds. About 80% of our stores in the region are now fully open versus a little over 50% at the end of Q4. Strong momentum in our own digital commerce comps was driven by new consumer acquisition and personalization, up 75%. Europe wholesale revenue increased 29% in constant currency. COVID-related challenges, a brick-and-mortar wholesale were more than offset by stronger performance in our wholesale digital account. This quarter's wholesale performance significantly exceeded our expectations, despite ongoing COVID headwinds underscoring both the strength of our partnerships as well as our successful pivot to digital in the market. And while COVID restrictions continue to pressure, many of our key European markets into fiscal 2022, we are encouraged that the UK, our largest market in the region emerge from lockdowns in mid-April and is showing early signs of pent-up demand. Underlying macro indicators are also encouraging with an improving pace of vaccination roll-out, high levels of consumer savings and consumer purchases shifting back toward our pre-COVID categories this spring. Turning to Asia; revenue increased 35% on a reported basis, and 28% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. Our Asian retail comps increased 23% with brick-and-mortar stores up 21%, and digital up, 59%. All of our key markets reported positive growth led by the Chinese mainland, which was up 145% in constant currency and more than 70% to LLY. Korea also accelerated to 50% growth. Japan, our largest market in the region grew mid-single digits, despite COVID restrictions in the first half of the quarter. We are encouraged that our digital businesses continue to accelerate even as brick-and-mortar trends have strengthened. This was supported by a successful Lunar New Year campaign with sales up 75% to LLY. Strong momentum in our newer digital flagships in China, Japan and Hong Kong and powerful partnerships like a cow in Tmall's Luxury Pavilion, where we became the number one menswear brand this quarter. Looking ahead, we are watching Japan carefully, due to a new state of emergency imposed in April, which is included in our Q1 guidance. Nevertheless, we are encouraged that the rest of our key markets in Asia have returned to a more normalized growth trajectory. And we still see significant long-term growth opportunities in the region and particularly in China, which now represents about 6% of total company revenues nearly double the penetration from a year ago. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $2.8 billion in cash and investments, and $1.6 billion in total debt, which compares to $2.1 billion in cash and investments and $1.2 billion in total debt last year. Net inventory increased 3% to support future growth compared to depressed levels of down 10% at the end of last year as COVID hit. Looking ahead, our outlook is based on our best assessment of the current macro environment, which includes ongoing COVID-related disruptions to the global supply chain, as well as key markets still operating under government restrictions, primarily in Europe and Japan. For fiscal 2022, we expect constant currency revenues to increase approximately 20% to 25% to last year on a 52-week comparable basis. We expect double-digit growth in each region led by Europe and North America, due to the significant COVID-related closures in the prior year. We estimate the 53rd week will contribute an additional 140 basis points to this year's revenue growth. We expect gross margins to contract 40 basis points to 60 basis points as we lap last year's unusual geographic and channel mix benefits due to COVID closures. This implies about a 100 basis point expansion to last year's underlying gross margin ex-COVID. Gross margins should benefit from product mix, reduced costs following, organization reshaping, as well as further improvements in pricing. We expect these drivers to be offset by duties significantly higher freight costs and global supply chain pressures, notably in the first quarter and consistent with the broader industry. Overall, we are watching a highly volatile and inflationary input cost environment into fiscal 2022. SG&A should grow at a more moderate rate than revenues. Inflation along with continued investments in marketing, new stores and digital will be mitigated by continued expense discipline and restructuring savings. As a result, we expect operating margins of about 11%, expanding approximately 620 basis points to last year and exceeding our pre-pandemic levels. As previously discussed, we deliberately exited or reduced several areas of our business in fiscal 2021 to accelerate our brand elevation strategy. These include transitioning Chaps from an owned to a fully licensed model, exiting more than 200 US department store doors, significantly reducing our off-price business, and shrinking our exposure to international daigou sales on our ralphlauren.com site in North America. Combined with the sale of Club Monaco expected to close in the first quarter, these strategic actions represent a little more than $700 million in revenues compared to fiscal 2020. This implies expected fiscal 2022 revenues that are roughly flat to pre-pandemic levels on an underlying basis. For the first quarter, which still includes the operational results of Club Monaco, we expect revenues to increase approximately 140% to 150% in constant currency. We expect gross margins to decline approximately 575 basis points, as we lap last year's one-time COVID mix benefits due to store closures and from higher freight headwinds in the quarter. We expect operating margin of 7% to 7.5% with gross margin contraction more than offset by significant operating expense leverage. We expect to end fiscal 2022 with inventories up 12% with higher growth in the first half of the year, as we continue to build back into demand. We expect capital expenditures of approximately $250 million to $275 million in line with our pre-pandemic targets, as we continue to focus on building out our key city ecosystems and digital infrastructure. In closing, in the midst of an unprecedented year, our teams showed tremendous dedication and agility as we fundamentally strengthened our business. Led by Ralph's enduring vision, we are leveraging the time listeners and authenticity of our core brands, while taking on learnings to evolve with the changing needs of the consumer across our product, platforms and new ways of working. And while we are still navigating a highly dynamic environment, we are confident, we have the right foundation to drive sustainable growth over the coming year and beyond. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Omar Saad at Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my questions. So look during COVID, you guys have made some really fundamental changes to your distribution, cost structure, the organizational structure, pared back some brands. If we look out beyond the recovery year, which I'm sure you and many others in the space will enjoy accelerating sales, but can you talk about how your brands are positioned to win in the post-pandemic world over the next few years, longer term, and Patrice can you include a discussion of how you think about balancing brand health and probability -- profitability versus chasing sales, i.e., how important is it for Ralph Lauren to return to consistent growth again. Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Omar. Thank you for your question. So, listen we're not only  well positioned to benefit from new fashion cycle as we emerge from COVID and as consumers return to the category into the stores, but we've also really strengthened the foundations of our business and laid the groundwork over the past year for a sustainable multi-year growth trajectory of a healthier base. So to your point, yes, of course, the comps will look attractive for the coming 12 months, but because of the base period, but obviously our lens has been beyond that looking to the next three years to five years for the company. So, as part of the work, we've of course accelerated digital, you saw that in the numbers we just announced and established infrastructure for Connected Retail around the world, and that's going to have benefits on a long-term basis. But as I step back, I think there are really three key differentiators that I would highlight to underline how we see our competitive advantage and our long-term growth potential. The first one is the strength of our brand. And over the past year, we've actually seen our purchase intent increase across all of our key markets, which we track now on a monthly basis. And as you saw with our AUR numbers, we continue to progress on our elevation journey, up 30% this quarter, up 26% this fiscal year, 16 quarters in a row of AUR growth reflection of our brand elevation journey. The other point I would highlight is that we're seeing that our brand aesthetic that's anchored in luxury classics, right. So elevated flows that you can live in is resonating with consumers who are looking for a different kinds of luxury coming out of the pandemic. One important data point for us in this brand strength area is our ability to recruit new consumers. Over the past year, we've brought in more than 4 million new consumers into our franchise and these new consumers are generally younger, higher basket size, and higher profitability, and it's really only the beginning. I think we now have a consumer recruiting machine that's working very well across all of our key markets. So first area is really strength of our brand, Omar. Second area is the breadth of our lifestyle portfolio. And I think this enables us to flex across categories. The flex across different consumer interests and desires, whether that's athleisure, loungewear, or more sophisticated casual, and also expand into high potential underdeveloped categories like home or like outerwear. Third area is our resources and particularly our cash position. As you know and we've prided ourselves of that, we manage our balance sheet conservatively. And I think the past years indicated that, that was probably a good choice, and we are in a position now where one, we can restart dividends as you heard Jane mentioned earlier. And two, we have the fuel to invest in critical growth areas like digital, like marketing, and like store openings. So, we feel very good about where we are in terms of our ability to fund the investment opportunities for growth to your point. I think it's fair to say that our brand remains bigger than our business. And as we look at our opportunities around the world, both on the category, consumer segment and geographical standpoint, we have many vectors of growth, even more focus now on the Ralph Lauren namesake brands posts and moves that we've made on Chaps and recently announced on Club. So listen, on top of these three differentiators, which I think are evergreen and real point of difference for us, we have the benefit of an incredibly talented global organization, that's really proven its resilience and agility and scale during this crisis. We have a diversified and flexible supply chain. And I think the portfolio that's now well-defined and tight, so we can really focus on those key value drivers. So while we're not completely done with COVID, as you look at what's happening in Japan, what's happening in parts of Europe and other parts of Asia, I am incredibly encouraged by our positioning and by the foundations that we've laid for the short, the mid, and the long-term as we pivot back to offense not only this coming year, but for the years to come. To your question on quality of sales and general growth, listen we're in growth mode, right. We're in growth and value creation mode. We have a number of engines for growth. We will continue our brand elevation journey, which I think will be evergreen for this company. So, our expectation is to continue to drive AUR, obviously at a more modest pace than this past year. We continue to drive AUR. Our expectation is to continue to recruit new consumers, and we also expect to start to grow units, all right. And that's really the vectors of growth moving forward. So yes, Ralph Lauren is a growth company, value creation company, obviously, we will do it profitably as we've been doing, but we're excited about what's possible for us moving forward.
Jane Nielsen: And Omar, I would just add that, your question about the balance between brand, health and profitability, I mean that's the core of our strategy. We believe elevation of our brand, elevation of our distribution drives improved profitability and value creation, and I think our guidance that we're back to growth and back to OI margin accretion relative to pre-COVID levels is a proof point in and thats what our strategy is going to deliver.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our questions here and all the detail today. Let me ask at a high level. North America has been a big focus for a while. How are you feeling about the North America business now? A lot of the initiatives that you mentioned that you were trying to clean up over the last year are focused in that market. So how are you feeling about the North America business now, your ability to grow sustainably in the core market? And maybe you could help us by touching on a few of the key elements driving the plan. And then my second question is on SG&A, as we look at the guidance for fiscal 2022. I'm trying to -- you've done a lot of work on that line, Jane. And if I'm trying to think if the revenues come in, in an upside scenario, where it is SG&A go, if revenues beat your plan to try -- we're trying to think about how the fixed versus floating in SG&A relative to what we know about this business pre-COVID? What's the flow through on upside revenues, if you could.
Patrice Louvet: Sounds good. Well, good morning, Michael, and Jane and I will answer on your questions. Listen, big picture. I have the most confidence now in our ability to win in North America, since starting with the company close to four years ago. That's really the way I feel right now by looking at where we are, what we've done and the key drivers of growth and value creation for that region. We have significant growth opportunities across the entire region. We are under developed in many key cities across the US, particularly in the West and in the South. And we have significant opportunity to expand our direct-to-consumer Connected Retail footprint. So of course is going to be the easy compares versus in fiscal year 2022 versus this past fiscal year, but all of the long-term drivers that I talked about in response to Omar's question apply here as well in our home market, of course. As you mentioned, specific to North America, the past three years or four years has been a year of reset. It's been a year of clean up, to get to a healthy base, to be positioned for growth. And so most of that work is complete now. The vast majority of it is complete. The recent interventions on our brand portfolio kind of being the closing elements of it. And we are clearly pivoting to offense across North America, across channels. We see multiple vectors of growth going forward. So if I take them one by one, first of all, our own digital, all right, which you saw the numbers this past quarter, 25% in total. Our domestic customers up 50% versus year ago, as we haven't delivered these kind of numbers on our own digital. I think since we've really been tracking it. So we're excited about the progress we're making there. The numbers are starting to reflect the higher and more margin accretive underlying growth, now that the daigou cleanup is mostly done. And this is a reflection of product that's really resonating with the consumer connected retail capabilities that the consumer is taking advantage of better functionalities on the sites and a much more effective segmentation targeting and personalization. Second area is our own retail stores, right, where our business model, our brand elevation and our Connected Retailing initiatives are working. And you're seeing the progress in the past quarter. We're driving back to sustainable positive comps and AUR. We're encouraged to see that the brick-and-mortar trends are beginning to improve. And just one data point, but our March comps were up strong double digits to last year and on a two-year stack. And with only 44 price stores, when you and I have talked this, right, we still -- we see a significant opportunity to expand our key city strategy and actually our North America team is in the field now visiting a number of locations, as we speak, we're going to do it very selectively and with a strong focus on Connected Retail centered around the consumer. And then finally on wholesale, where we've made dramatic changes over the past few years. A couple of data points. Our wholesale presence is down in terms of doors is down 61% over the past three years to four years. Our off-price penetration is down 50% over the past three years to four years. So massive resets that are now complete and now we are seeing accelerating growth, accelerating penetration of wholesale.com, where we've got very good momentum and wonderful partnerships here in the US. And we're starting to grow share in our existing wholesale doors. Past quarter, we grew share in men's. We grew share in kids, we grew share in home, and we're seeing more recently our women's business start to respond as well. So we have a healthier -- we have healthier partnerships. We have a cleaner footprint from both a digital and brick-and-mortar standpoint in wholesale. And so net -- I'd say, Michael, I feel very good about where we are, and obviously we got to deliver. But I think we're very well positioned now to win in North America.
Jane Nielsen: And just, Michael, on your question on SG&A. So, obviously our guidance implies significant SG&A leverage in this year. And that's really built on, it's over 600 -- well over 600 basis points and operating margin expansion of 100 basis points to pre-COVID levels. And that's really predicated on what we've done in terms of achieving savings from our organization restructuring, obviously what we've called out for Club Monaco. And as you think about upside scenarios, and I think we've guided based on our best visibility that we have today in a fairly dynamic environment. But as you think about revenue upside, as vaccination rates might accelerate worldwide, as tourism may come back, strong -- maintenance of high digital penetrations like we saw in China, those are all upside scenarios. Our strong gross margin is really going to help us with flow through there. In terms of our cost structure, I think about the big buckets of rent and occupancy, corporate costs, depreciation are all highly leverageable in our model. And so the flow through that we get on incremental sales either in wholesale, digital or in our own stores are accretive, and a nicely accretive. So, I think you will see flow through, if there is an upside scenario on sales as we typically do. But we feel very good about how our cost structure is positioned. We feel good about our ability to invest in our brands. So our guide also implies a continued higher level of marketing at that around 6% range, which is about 150 basis points higher than pre-COVID levels. We're committed to our brand elevation journey and see that marketing is a key part of that, plus digital investments and new store investments. We'll have about 50 gross new stores in this coming year, the environments, right. We're optimistic about the environment. This is the right time to go back to elevated distribution expansion. So we think we found the balance between delivering profit accretion and investing in our business.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. So, Patrice, maybe to dig a little further into the pivot to offence [ph] that you cited. Could you just maybe speak to some of the lead indicators in the business that you're seeing. Maybe we could just elaborate on the market share opportunity. I think you cited men's, kids and home, and then women's over time. Just what gives you confidence in those individual category.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. In lead indicators that we look at that are, are we bringing in new consumers into the fold. And past quarter in North America, our digital platforms, new consumers of 79% versus year ago. We look at our ability continue to drive AUR, right. And you saw the strong performance. I think our strongest quarter of the fiscal year actually with AUR, up 30%. And as we look at -- as we track also brand health, so purchase intent key metrics of brand health, we continue to see progress. So those all give us confidence that the work we're doing is resonating, our product is resonating, our communication is resonating, our elevation of distribution is resonating. And then, through the specific share points, I mean you have access to this, to this data as well. We are seeing our share progress on -- quite strong on men's, renewed momentum on kids, which is a business that we've worked hard to energize and strong performance on home, which as you know is a new focus for us. And we think there's significant potential there. And then, indeed more recently, as the consumer behavior on women's ready to wear pivots back to more elevated products, pivot back to more fashion, more color, right. We're seeing women buy more into Princess dresses. We're seeing them buy more into Blazers. We're seeing them buy more into novelty sweaters. We're very well positioned in these categories. So we -- this is translating into accelerating performance for us. 30 [ph] days now, I hope to be able to report a lot more, once things are fully re-open in, into -- but at the end of this quarter we're feeling good about the momentum that we're building.
Jane Nielsen: Well, that Patrice's comment is predicated on North America data. Based on our best estimates, we are also seeing share gains in Europe, in wholesale.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Exane BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Jane, I think you mentioned that you took a little bit about $700 million in revenues out of the business, that on an underlying basis your revenues for fiscal year 2022 should be roughly flattish. Can you give us some sense of how we should think about that for 1Q or 1H, 2H? And then second question is, if I go back to the notes from last call you talked about the cost savings of around $180 million to $200 million at the -- majority of that should flow through the bottom line. Just curious if that's the right way to think about still where you guys -- are you going to lean into investments and how do we think about that versus 1H and 2H?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Laurent, the $700 million is going to be a little more pronounced in the second half than in the first half, that's primarily driven by that we'll have Club Monaco in our results for Q1, and we'll have some residual Chaps business before the license shift in our business through Q1 and Q2. So you'll see a little bit of out-sized based on those two factors. The other, the daigou repositioning and wholesale door closures and off-price pullbacks those were relatively ratable through the year. But I think those two factors are what will distort 1H and 2H. And then on the $180 million of cost savings, about a $140 million is -- those savings are recorded in SG&A, because of our supply chain and product development organization streamlining about $40 million of that will be -- is embedded in COGS, and will flow through in COGS. And in terms of the year, it's also fairly ratable through the year. And we were encouraged in Q4, that we got an early start on that savings. The investment focus is that you point out are what I mentioned in terms of marketing versus pre-COVID levels, that 150 basis points increase in marketing. And then the store investments and digital investments, as you will see us invest as Patrice mentioned in more localized sites and some digital investments in content digitizing our supply chain. All of those are contemplated in our guidance.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks guys. I'm curious how you view of EBIT margins longer term might have changed as you kind of sit here today, just as you think about beyond '22. And relative to what you're guiding for this year. What do you need to see in the business to kind of achieve those goals, some top line number that you need to get to something else that needs to change within the P&L. And also just curious if you can give us a quick update on the order books for the fall in the wholesale business. Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So in terms of our operating margin guidance on a longer-term basis, what we see is that our mid-teens operating margin guidance over the next several years is still the right goal for us. Obviously, COVID put a question mark in terms of timing to achieve. But I think as we come out of this year, we're back on about 100 basis points of margin expansion from pre-COVID levels. Obviously we're expanding margins over 600 basis points to last year. That feels like a good trajectory and a balance of growth delivering operating margin profitability and investing in our business to make sure that it's a long-term value creating growth. And then, in terms of what we're seeing on what we have to see this year, obviously we've signaled a return to growth. We've signaled underlying gross margin expansion on the backs of AUR growth that's more in line with our long-term guidance of low to mid-single digits. We have to room maintain our operating expense discipline, while still investing in our business and making sure that those businesses yield the high ROI's that we've seen through this COVID period. We've got great results on ROI from personalization and targeting and marketing investments that really lean on our brands authenticity and heritage and value. So overall, I think we are feeling confident about our plan. Obviously, we're watching the trajectory of COVID carefully. It does imply a continued recovery rate in traffic. It does imply that the closures that we see in Europe will be completed in June. So that's a variable and we're watching disruptions in the supply chain fairly, carefully. In terms of fall orders, what we're seeing in Europe is, that Europe is up. You saw strong wholesale performance in Europe, that frankly exceeded our expectations given European closures. Europe is up on a versus last year of course, but also on a LLY basis. And in the US we're seeing strong improvement outperforming the broader wholesale trend and our sell-in is much better align now to sell-out. You saw over the past year we've been carefully managing inventories. We're now better aligned with positive sell-out in the fourth quarter and going forward we're seeing the order book better aligned to our sell-out trends, which were encouraged by.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: Hey, good morning, everyone. So Jane, just to kind of go further on US wholesale, so bigger picture. I think the US wholesale business pre-COVID was around $1.5 billion. I know Chaps is coming out, so I think that's $200 million. But can you talk to us about ultimately how you see the sizing of that channel? Are you planning -- if there's any more detail on this year and how you're planning it that'd be great. But even multi-year is the business you're planning to kind of walk away from post-pandemic that maybe you just felt is not the most efficient, maybe it's lower margin. Just kind of trying to think about $1.5 billion pre-COVID maybe two years, three years from now, where ultimately do you kind of see that landing?
Jane Nielsen: Of course. So what I feel really good about in North America, which Patrice commented on in his question is that we are essentially done with the repositioning that we needed to do across our broad wholesale channel. So wholesale of course is off-price, which we've significantly reshaped strategically and taken down materially. And we feel good about that business that is now strategically re-positioned to be what it should be, which is a vehicle for excess liquidation. We feel really good that we got out ahead of closing some of the 232 doors in North America. We feel like our store footprint is now elevated and appropriate to move forward. And you're starting to see us gain market share in the channel. And we feel good about the growth that you -- that we're seeing in wholesale.com. And view that as the continued source of growth for us as we move forward. You saw significant pick up in wholesale.com in North America and in Europe in the fourth quarter. So, we feel good about the Proofpoint [ph] and the trends on the back of some pilot initiatives, dedicated resourcing and dedicated content that we put there. So just for sizing, we feel like the North America will be a source of growth for us. It will also be a source of sustainable growth for us driven by digital, driven by pure plays and driven by market share gains in the district footprint, distribution footprint, which we now feel very good about.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: We'll take one last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for sneaking me in.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Go ahead.
John Kernan: Hey, can you talk to EBIT level impacts from the shift in Chaps and then the sale of Club Monaco?
Jane Nielsen: So the sale of Club Monaco, this year should add about 40 basis points to 50 basis points of operating margin, accretion. And then Chaps, while it has a meaningful hit on the bottom line is, will generate more dollars on the bottom line, but it's relatively small.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. We are very proud, Jane and I and Ralph of the resilience and agility, our teams have demonstrated in delivering a strong close to the year. Looking ahead, hopefully, you took this away from our conversation today, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable long-term growth and value creation not only this fiscal year but also beyond. And we look forward to sharing our first quarter fiscal year 2022 results with you in August. Until then, stay safe and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to 1 per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook.  Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings.  To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. Our third quarter performance reflected strong underlying progress on our path to quality, sustainable long-term growth. Overall, revenues improved sequentially and were in line with our expectations.  Stronger-than-expected recovery in Asia was offset by the impact of continued COVID-19 resurgences across Europe, while North America was roughly in line with our expectations, even with additional COVID pressures. Meanwhile, our focus on brand elevation, improved quality of sales and cost discipline drove better-than-expected gross and operating margin expansion in the quarter with double-digit AUR growth and digital profitability, exceeding our expectations.  And while COVID is likely to remain a near-term headwind, there is reason to be hopeful as we start the new year and vaccines begin to roll out. Ralph and I are incredibly proud of the dedication, resilience and agility our teams have shown in not only managing through the pandemic, but also positioning the company to emerge stronger than we came into it.  As part of this, we balanced reset activities with an acceleration of our core strategies, including strengthening our brand and bolstering our marketing and new customer acquisition, expanding key categories in international markets, scaling our connected retail offerings globally, continuing to prune non-elevating distribution and further realigning our cost structure. These actions are consistent with the 5 strategic priorities that we laid out as part of our long-term plan prior to COVID.  These include: first, win over a new generation of consumers; second, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories; third, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels; fourth, lead with digital across all activities; and fifth, operate with discipline to fuel growth. I will touch on a few of these in a moment.  But first, let me provide some updates specific to this quarter's performance. As we anticipated at the start of the holiday season, the global retail environment remained volatile due to the pandemic and other macro factors. Nevertheless, apart from the impact of COVID resurgences, we were encouraged by several bright spots in each of our regions this quarter, led notably by Asia and our digital channels globally.  Asia, which we view in many ways as a blueprint for our progress in other markets, grew 14% to last year. This was driven by continued momentum in the Chinese mainland, with more than 40% reported growth. Japan returned to positive growth in the quarter, while Korea was up double digits. In North America, performance continued to improve sequentially and was in line with our expectations despite rising COVID cases in many of our key markets.  Our strategy of elevating our brand across digital, department stores and off-price is well underway, and we're still on track to complete the significant portion of this work in fiscal '21. Europe was the most challenging segment this quarter, with the majority of our stores closed for a full month of the key holiday period. In addition to the government-mandated shutdowns, there were also significant operating and travel restrictions throughout the quarter, which have continued into our fourth quarter to date.  In many ways, the second and third wave restrictions have been more disruptive than the first wave of shutdowns we experienced last spring as they vary greatly by market and by day. Third quarter traffic headwinds were partly mitigated by a strong acceleration across our own and wholesale digital channels in Europe.  This was driven by our expanded connected retail programs, exclusive capsules with partners like MyTheresa and ASOS, holiday campaigns and influencer activations. We also leveraged this period of disruption to continue our long-term brand elevation in the region, acquiring new high-value consumers and driving increased AUR despite a highly promotional competitive environment. These actions should help position our brands for healthier recovery and ecosystem expansion once we emerge from COVID.  By channel, digital continues to be a key driver of our performance, with digital sales accelerating in all 3 regions this quarter. We continue to scale up our connected retail offerings and emphasize gifting in key product categories for holiday. These included our iconic sweaters, Holiday Bear programs, home and loungewear that are resonating with consumers today.  In our brick-and-mortar stores, as I mentioned, traffic was challenged due to COVID, particularly in Europe and North America. But we were strongly encouraged that our teams were able to deliver higher conversion in these channels with double-digit AUR growth and reduced discounting, while also starting to leverage our new connected retail offerings this holiday.  We also continue to invest in targeted new store expansion in key growth markets with 23 new stores this quarter, primarily in Asia. Within our wholesale business, we were encouraged by continued sequential progress across regions, particularly on Wholesale Dot Com. We still expect pressure on our reported sell-in trends in the near-term as we deliberately exited department store doors early in the pandemic and prioritized inventory management in this environment. As a reminder, this near-term discipline is integral to building price harmonization across our ecosystem and to protecting the elevation in long-term equity of our brands.  Turning to our efforts to win over a new generation. In the third quarter, we continued to ramp up our personalization initiatives, shift our brand-building efforts increasingly toward digital, and leverage the authentic values that have been central to our brand since Ralph started this company more than 50 years ago. Let me touch on some of the highlights from this quarter. First, we launched a fully integrated and diverse Family Is Who You Love holiday campaign across social media, our own stores and digital sites and wholesale environments. We also focused more than ever on creating innovative digital experiences that immerse the consumer in the world of Ralph Lauren. These included our groundbreaking virtual flagship store experiences in Beverly Hills, New York and Paris, where consumers around the world can experience our brands in the full breadth of our assortment in a way that was previously only possible by walking into one of our beautiful stores. Amplifying the reach of our flagships to a global audience, digital traffic in these virtual stores was 8x greater than the foot traffic in these physical stores over the same period.  We were also the first apparel brand to launch Snapchat's logo scan this holiday. This allows consumers to scan our iconic Polo Pony logo from any surface, including holding items, ads, shopping bags and more. To trigger an augmented reality experience, that brings them into the world of Ralph Lauren and ultimately transact on our own site. And in Asia, we were excited to launch our livestream selling event with 360-degree activation for Singles' Day, delivering more than 120 million impressions.  We're investing in these new forms of selling, including social commerce, which we expect to become a greater part of the digital shopping experience long term.  Looking ahead, we will continue to partner with celebrities and influencers who embody our core values along with being a part of key moments around the world. More recently, Ralph and I were particularly proud of our brand's participation in the U.S. Presidential inauguration.  Overall, we are encouraged by the momentum we are seeing in consumer engagement across generations. Notably, our brand awareness and purchase intent have accelerated since the start of the pandemic and we are seeing particularly strong growth from consumers under 35 in women. We added more than 1 million new consumers through our direct-to-consumer platforms alone in Q3. And our total social media followers reached 45 million in the quarter. This was led by continued momentum across key platforms like Instagram, TikTok, YouTube and Snapchat, where our Ralph Lauren Bitmoji Collection is connecting strongly with Gen Z consumers.  Since the launch last August, over 20 million users has addressed their Bitmoji and Ralph Lauren and tried on the collection over 550 million times. This takes me to our long-term priority of leading with digital.  Fiscal '21 continues to be a transformational year as we digitize our consumer platform and experiences and how we work as a company. On the consumer-facing side, the continued acceleration of connected retail is essential to creating the best possible experience for our consumers and to our long-term growth. Building on our accelerated connected retail launches in the first half of the year, in the third quarter, we added mobile point of sales across our North American retail fleet, appointment scheduling and curated personal collections online, all while continuing to expand our digital clienteling programs globally. We also launched our Hong Kong digital flagship in time for holiday, which is an important part of our broader ecosystem strategy as consumers shop and travel in new ways.  In addition to strengthening our digital commerce capabilities, we continue to build our social commerce presence and expand our partnerships with influential digital retailers around the world. Our teams executed a successful global launch campaign this holiday with FARFETCH. We delivered lifestyle content tailored to next-generation consumers, reaching over 15 million impressions globally, including the first ever editorial experience within the FARFETCH app.  We were encouraged by engagement rates that were 3x higher than our competitive benchmark on this platform. And as we continue to digitize how we work as a company, we launched our integrated vendor management system in the third quarter with the majority of our suppliers.  This new digitally centralized portal enables us to communicate seamlessly with our suppliers on everything from digital product creation to real-time tracking on our production status and factory capacity. It also enables us to track and support areas like gender diversity at the supplier level. This is all part of our broader goal of elevating our product, streamlining how we bring them to market and making it easier for our teams to stay connected and agile, all while driving our sustainability and citizenship initiatives across everything we do.  Touching on our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth. Our ongoing focus on balancing growth with productivity continues to be an important element of our long-term plan. And this discipline is even more critical as we make hard choices to realign our cost structure so we can position the company to emerge from COVID stronger than we came into it and pivot back to growth. In the second quarter, we announced the first major actions related to our fiscal 2021 strategic realignment plan.  These included: first, the simplification of our organization, enabling our teams to move with greater agility; and second, an assessment of our brand portfolio, resulting in the decision to move Chaps to a fully licensed business. Today, we announce the next stage of our plan, which is focused on realigning and driving increased efficiencies across our global real estate footprint. While Jane will discuss these actions in more detail in a moment, I am pleased that we are making good progress on this multi-pronged plan.  This gives us increased confidence in our ability to start fiscal '22 strong and with the right foundations in place. Importantly, I also want to take a moment to touch on our ongoing work to integrate citizenship and sustainability into everything we do. In the third quarter, we were proud to score 100% on the human rights campaign foundation's Corporate Equality Index and earn the designation as a best place to work for LGBTQ equality. On the supply chain and sustainability front, we have leveraged this period of change to continue diversifying across geographies and strengthening our relationships with suppliers.  From improved capacity planning to implementing diversity and inclusion training and driving best practices in sustainability. In the third quarter, we reaffirmed our commitment to achieving our science-based greenhouse gas emissions targets and joined hundreds of other organizations in calling on the U.S. Federal government to reenter the Paris Climate Agreement, which the new administration recommitted to just a few weeks ago.  We look forward to sharing further progress, including our greenhouse gas reduction road map in our 2021 report update this June. In closing, Ralph and I are optimistic about the future of our business and encouraged by the work our teams are doing to emerge from COVID stronger than we came into it. We are spending this time doing the important work of elevating our brand, investing in key strategic areas, streamlining our business and realigning our cost structure. We have made meaningful progress in delivering digital experiences for all of our consumers around the world and driving our direct-to-consumer channels, all while pursuing our goal of becoming a more equitable, diverse and sustainable company.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results demonstrate solid execution of our strategy through this holiday season in the midst of a still challenging operating environment. We continue to focus on what we can control in this dynamic context and on positioning the company to accelerate value creation as we emerge from the pandemic. This includes investing in our powerful lifestyle brands, our digital transformation and maintaining a strong balance sheet. While also realigning and streamlining our operational and expense structures.  As Patrice mentioned, today, we announced the second round of actions related to our fiscal '21 strategic realignment plan. This stage focuses on realigning our real estate footprint to our future strategic priorities. This includes: first, reducing our North America corporate office footprint up to 30%, along with selected reductions in Europe and Asia, as our teams embrace new ways of working and we pivot resources to our key strategic priorities; second, closing up to 10 retail locations globally. Pending ongoing landlord negotiations. Combined with the successful lease renegotiations completed year-to-date, we expect these savings to drive improved profitability in our existing fleet, while we continue to expand our brand elevating ecosystems; and third, completing the consolidation of our North American distribution center operations to drive greater efficiencies, improve sustainability and deliver a better consumer experience. with faster average delivery times and an increased focus on connected retail.  Combined, these actions are expected to result in gross annualized pretax expense savings of approximately $200 million to $240 million, inclusive of our previously announced organization savings. While we still expect the majority of the original $180 million to $200 million in organizational savings to flow through to the bottom line, we expect to reinvest the majority of our savings related to today's actions in our future growth. We will provide any additional updates to the plan as the actions are finalized.  Moving on to the third quarter performance. Third quarter revenues declined 18% following a 30% decline in the second quarter. Asia and North America both improved sequentially, while Europe was more significantly impacted by COVID and mandated closures and restrictions in the quarter. Global wholesale revenue declined 19%, and direct-to-consumer revenues were down 16%. Our digital business outperformed with sales up more than 20% to last year, including double-digit growth in all regions. And even more importantly, our digital operating margins continued to expand. With Q3 digital margins up 900 basis points to last year and accretive to our total company rate through a combination of higher quality of sales and operating expense leverage.  Driving profitability in this business remains key, not only to our long-term margin accretion and shift to DTC, but also to our strategy of repositioning ralphlauren.com as our digital flagship or the best expression of our brand online. Total company adjusted gross margin was 65.4% in the third quarter, up 320 basis points to last year.  Gross margin expansion was primarily driven by strong AUR growth, along with favorable geographic and channel mix shifts. Around 60 basis points of this quarter's gross margin expansion was driven by unusual mix shifts due to COVID. With the remainder driven primarily by our continued global improvements in pricing and promotions. Third quarter AUR growth of 19% was above our expectations, with North America and Europe up double digits and Asia up high single digits. We continue to elevate our brands across every touch point, significantly reduced promotions and take targeted pricing increases. Our confidence in this strategy is reinforced by our continued improvement in full price penetration, larger baskets, and better-than-expected conversion, even as AUR growth has exceeded our expectations.  Operating expenses declined 11% to last year, driven by reductions in compensation, rent and other expenses as we continue to work in new ways. Adjusted operating margin for the third quarter was 13.3%, down 70 basis points to last year. Marketing in the third quarter decreased 3%. We shifted some investments into the fourth quarter of the year as store closures and in-store shopping restrictions increased due to rising COVID cases.  However, we accelerated select strategic marketing investments this holiday, focusing on higher-margin, new customer acquisition in North American digital and reactivation of in-person events in Asia. We expect fourth quarter marketing to increase about 50% to support our long-term brand-building activities and key events like Lunar New Year and the Australian Open. This elevated growth rate reflects both the timing shift from Q3 and lapping of last year's depressed marketing spend as COVID hit Asia, followed by Europe and North America.  Moving on to segment performance. Starting with North America. Revenue decreased 21% to last year. Retail comps declined 21%, driven by a 30% decline in bricks-and-mortar comps. While our own digital comps improved sequentially to 9%. Brick-and-mortar comps continue to be impacted by COVID-related traffic declines with third quarter traffic down 45% and foreign tourist sales down about 85%. However, we continue to drive our strategy of improving quality of sales, with our third quarter discount rate down nearly 400 basis points. AUR up mid-teens and conversion up more than 200 basis points in our brick-and-mortar channel.  Our digital commerce comps were up 9%, with total digital sales up 10% in the quarter. Underlying sales to domestic consumers grew high teens, while sales to international daigou consumers declined double digits to last year as planned. We reduced our site wide promotions by 52 days compared to the prior year, as we continue to elevate our digital experience, driving AUR up 22% and gross margins up more than 800 basis points to last year in the channel.  While these deliberate reductions in promotional activity are a headwind to our digital comps in fiscal '21, we continue to invest more aggressively on new consumer acquisition during this transition period. Our accelerated investment in digital marketing generated a 27% increase in new customers during this competitive holiday quarter, exceeding our expectations.  Year-to-date, these new consumers are transacting at higher gross margin rates and larger basket sizes and represent a higher penetration of consumers under 35. Looking ahead, we are focused on retaining these new consumers and are encouraged thus far by repeat purchase rates. Stronger sales to domestic consumers this quarter were driven by our ongoing investments in connected retailing, like Buy Online-Pickup in store, new functionality like online exchanges and Klarna payment installments and expanded personalization and targeted marketing efforts. All of these initiatives helped deliver a significant increase in our full-price sales this quarter, which grew more than 130% to last year.  In North America wholesale, third quarter revenue declined 22% as we continue to manage our shipments carefully and realigned inventories to demand. Full price sales declined at a more moderate rate, driven by stronger trends in core replenishment, Polo men's, kids and home, while Lauren Women's remain challenged, consistent with the broader category.  Our inventories in the marketplace were clean and well positioned at the end of the third quarter, declining more than 30% at North America wholesale. Our sales to off-price were down meaningfully as planned as we continue to significantly reduce our penetration in this channel.  Moving on to Europe. Third quarter revenue declined 28% on a reported basis and 32% in constant currency. Europe retail comps were down 38%, with a 51% decline in our bricks-and-mortar store comps, partly offset by an acceleration in our own digital commerce, up 68%.  Across Europe, our bricks-and-mortar businesses were significantly impacted by traffic headwinds, with some form of store closures or restrictions across 16 of our 17 markets in the region, ranging from curfews and weekend closures to full lockdown. Despite these pressures, our conversion improved and AUR increased 12% to last year, driven by our ongoing strategy to elevate our factory channel.  Strong momentum in our own digital commerce comp was driven by our new consumer acquisition, up 112%, along with expanded connected retailing initiatives gifting programs and improve digital content.  Europe wholesale revenues declined 22% in constant currency as we continued to limit shipments to reset our inventories to demand. COVID-related challenges at bricks-and-mortar wholesale were partially offset by stronger performance at our wholesale digital accounts, where sell-in and sell-out rates were both positive for the quarter.  Turning to Asia. Revenue increased 14% on a reported basis and 9% in constant currency. Our Asian retail comps increased 3% with bricks-and-mortar stores up 1% and digital comps up 54%. We are encouraged that growth in the Chinese mainland is not only back to pre-COVID levels of more than 40% on a reported basis, but growing versus LLY.  Japan also returned to positive growth in the third quarter, with sales increasing high single digits on a reported basis following a second COVID wave in Q2. However, we continue to watch Japan closely as key areas like Tokyo and Osaka entered a state of emergency in January.  Overall momentum in our Asian digital businesses continued through the quarter, driven by strong performance across all key markets and channels, including our own sites and digital pure plays, where we added 4 new partners in the quarter.  Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with $2.8 billion in cash and investments and $1.6 billion in total debt, which compares to $1.9 billion in cash and investments and $694 million in total debt at the end of last year's third quarter.  While we have managed our balance sheet carefully since the start of the pandemic to preserve liquidity, we are monitoring COVID conditions closely. And based on our current outlook, we are planning to reinstate our dividend in the first half of fiscal '22.  Net inventory declined 4% to last year, including a 2% decline in North America, 15% decline in Europe and a 7% increase in Asia to support growth. While we have taken a highly cautious approach to managing inventory through the pandemic, overall, we are encouraged by our team's ability to both move inventories across regions and to merchandise around our core and iconic styles, as well as key COVID categories like home, loungewear and casual tees. Our increased agility is also enabling us to drive core product replenishment and shift back into pre-COVID categories as consumers start returning to more normalized trends.  Looking ahead, our outlook is based on our best assessment of current coved lockdowns and trends and is subject to change given the dynamic nature of COVID developments around the world.  We currently expect fourth quarter revenues to decline approximately mid- to high single digits, representing a meaningful sequential improvement from the first three quarters of the year. This includes the impact of third wave COVID lockdowns in the U.K. and Germany from the start of the quarter through approximately mid-February as well as partial closures in France, Spain and Italy. Third wave lockdowns in Japan through early March and a slow recovery in North America, where we have also seen increased cases and COVID-related traffic headwinds. If government-mandated lockdowns or restrictions are extended from these periods or more severe restrictions are applied, this could negatively impact our current outlook.  These COVID-related headwinds should be partially mitigated by continued momentum in China and our global digital businesses. We expect gross margins to continue expanding, albeit at a more moderate rate than the first three quarters of the year as we strategically repurpose full price product from last year's COVID shutdowns to our factory channels.  Improved pricing and promotions, including targeted consumer messaging should continue to be the most durable driver followed by geographic and channel mix. We expect operating expenses to increase low single digits as we reaccelerate our brand-building investments to support growth coming out of the pandemic, largely offset by our ongoing expense discipline.  Excluding marketing, operating expenses are expected to decline low single digits. We expect inventories to increase in the fourth quarter as we start building back into demand and lap last year's double-digit decline in response to COVID.  In closing, we are encouraged by the progress our teams have made over the first three quarters of the year. As we close out this fiscal year, we are focused on offense as we leverage all of the critical work our teams have done prior to and through the pandemic to position the company for quality, long-term growth. Led by Ralph's enduring vision to guide us through a still highly dynamic global environment, we are accelerating our core strategies, including first and foremost, elevating our brands, driving our company-wide digital transformation and targeting expansion in key geographies. All while adopting new ways of working and executing with discipline around our cost structures. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs.
Alexandra Walvis: So my first question is on the strength of the brand. We're year into the pandemic now and you've clearly expanded digital capabilities, you've taken meaningful steps to reset distribution cost structure. But if we look at your most important asset, the Ralph Lauren brand, can you talk to what gives you confidence in your brand health now? And is this where you want it to be in order to support strong growth coming out of the pandemic?  And then my second question, relatedly is on how confident you are that we should see AUR growth in F '22 off the higher AUR base in a backdrop that may well be a little more promotional than during the pandemic?
Patrice Louvet: Well, thank you for your question. I'll take the first part, and then Jane will cover your AUR question. So elevating our brand and attracting high-quality new consumers across all three regions, particularly in the U.S. Our top priorities, and listen, will continue to be top priorities as we come out of COVID.  The general message is we're making strong progress. A few points to kind of support that. First, our data shows that our brand has strengthened through the pandemic. Specifically, if you look at brand awareness and purchase intent, they're both up versus a year ago and continuing to progress quarter-on-quarter, with particularly encouraging progress among next-gen consumers and women.  The second point is that we are acquiring more customers on our digital sites. We've seen 38% growth in North America, 79% growth in Europe and more than tenfold growth in Asia in terms of new customers on our sites year-to-date. This is clearly on the back of the deliberate targeted marketing plans that we've put in place across the regions. And it's also worth noting that we're not just driving higher traffic to our digital businesses, but we're also seeing -- and I think you heard it in Jane's remarks, an increase in our full-price sales. So we're bringing in new consumers that are higher ticket and higher margin. And I think that bodes well for the future for us.  The third point is really around our social media presence, which continues to deepen and grow around the world, our followers reached a record high 45 million this quarter, and we're especially encouraged by our progress on key platforms like Instagram and TikTok, YouTube, Kakao On-Line in Asia, where, as you've likely seen, we've developed some pretty unique partnership, including our recent Bitmoji Snapchat partnership. We're also driving brand heat through product as you may have seen our recent street work collaboration with Clot, which is a brand founded by Edison Chen and Kevin Poon, based out of Hong Kong.  There's a lot of excitement around these products. They virtually vaporized as we put them up for access to consumers within a few seconds, they were sold out. And now you can add them at multiples of the retail price on types like StockX. So we've been happy with the response we've seen and the contribution to overall brand heat. All this, importantly, is enabled by our strong balance sheet. Jane just touched on that, which has allowed us to continue driving our strategic priorities, like brand elevation, like investing in marketing, and also reinstate our dividend in the coming quarters.  So together, if you put all these elements together, this gives us confidence that we're investing in the right places to elevate our brand and drive interest and heat particularly with the next-generation that we're specifically focused on. And then on your AUR question, I'll let Jane answer that.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Alex, just we are confident in our AUR growth. Certainly, because it's led by brand elevation and that brand elevation is something that we focused on this year. And are committed to continuing. And just as I look in the near term, even into Q4, we're expecting AUR growth about comparable to what you saw in Q3. But even as we come out of the pandemic and looking forward into fiscal '22, while we're not guiding, we do expect to comp the underlying AUR growth. Now we know that there have been unusual mix benefits during COVID.  With many of our stores and outlet doors closed during the cove period that lifted AUR. We've tried to be clear about calling that out and the impacts of COVID to our best estimates were that in Q1, underlying AUR growth was about high single digits. And in Q2 and Q3, it was in the low to mid-teens. So that is what -- that's the basis on which we expect to comp. And what we really feel good about is the long-term guidance for AUR as we move forward, which is in the low to mid-single-digit range. Because our long-term drivers are still intact.  As I said, elevating our product, our marketing and shopping experiences, which we've been talking about this year, all focused on elevating our brand. That we have the capabilities and an increasing number of tools that have proved out as we drive personalization in terms of managing promotional levels, better promotional levels, more personalization, more targeted promotions that have been very favorable in terms of driving AUR. Strategic price increases. It's a muscle that I think we started in F-- in over a year ago, starting in our factory channel, and you can see that carries through today where we've seen sort of a mid-teens price increases in our outlet channels.  As we elevate that product, put more quality in, and that's been -- we feel that we have more to go on that journey. And then, of course, there will be post-COVID continued mix benefits. As structurally, our international businesses grow faster as we move to be a more DTC oriented company that will also drive overall AUR. And certainly, the work that we've done in digital on AUR will continue to pay dividends into the future. So we feel really good about our trajectory. Understanding there will be some optics coming out of COVID. But I think we've been clear on the base and where we go in the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Crdit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Jane, if you could just clarify. Jane, could you clarify, you mentioned shifting to offense and starting to build inventory a little to be preparing to fill demand as stores start to refill here. But you did comment on continuing to elevate the brands and your AUR commentary reflects as well. You mentioned focusing on starting '22 strong. And since that's just a few weeks away for you. Can you speak to where we'll see the most important inflections in the recent P&L trends, as you transition through into the early part of 2022? And then we're starting to hear some commentary around the sector from management team's thoughts on when they think they can approach pre-pandemic metrics.  And as we look at consensus for your company, the general assumption is that the combination of all the work you've done on quality of sales to boost margins, well over $2 of net EPS, you've added from the SG&A work you've done. Consensus still has that combination landing at earnings below 2019 levels in the second half of this calendar year, so September and December quarters. I'd love to hear your thoughts on that if you have visibility. So just help us a little bit because of the fiscal year-end that you have here in March?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So let's peel that apart. So starting with inventory. As we do look at while we're very clear that there is some near term disruption, which likely could last into our fiscal '22 from COVID. Our long-term optimism and especially in the second half of our fiscal year is high. And so as I think about what we're going to be overlapping, we expect that store comps will be meaningfully better as we move through the year.  And certainly, as we move through the fiscal year into the second half. And that's really contingent on the vaccine and some of the abatement in the virus, which we believe in. And so we do believe that store comp will continue to be a positive factor as we move through fiscal '22. Certainly, our wholesale businesses have not been immune to the factors of COVID. And I think that as we emerge from the crisis, you'll also see we've been very tight on our sell-in. And sell-in has been under sell-out.  And so there are good inventory replenishment needs. In the wholesale channel, especially as like our own channels, they come out of COVID. We feel -- our inventories were down 30% in North American wholesale. They have been sequentially down in Europe. So we feel good about our position. They're ready for fresh product, which we feel will be able to fulfill and expect momentum coming out of there.  And of course, the investments that we're making in digital, as we look across our total digital business, we expect acceleration global with our total digital business in Q4. And certainly, as we finish the cleanup in North America, and you can see that domestic consumer up high teens this quarter, will be done with a lot of the daigou cleanup, and you'll start to see that acceleration coming into fiscal '22. Those are the key drivers that give us optimism in '22. We do feel comfortable about our savings estimate of 100 -- the majority of $180 million to $200 million that we announced in the first realignment plan flowing through to be an EPS driver.  And with that, our additional savings that we announced today will be used to accelerate and restart all those drivers that I talked about on sales to make sure that we have the investment funds to continue our digital expansion, elevate our brand, focus on marketing, which you've seen us approach with optimism in the fourth quarter, the marketing be up 50%. Those are the drivers. The question is timing, but we do feel confident about, certainly in the back half of '22.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. On North America, Patrice, maybe what inning would you peg your strategic quality of sales actions in today? And then, Jane, on SG&A, how should we think about incremental cost savings going forward relative to today's announcement, should we think about incremental cost savings from here reinvested back into the business? And if so, how would you rank more offensive investments to drive top line from here?
Patrice Louvet: Jane loves your baseball analogies. So listen, I think there are 2 streams to think about when we look at North America. The first stream of work is the hard resets that we are doing on off-price penetration, shutting down over 230 wholesale doors and the daigou customer on ralphlauren.com North America that Jane referred to. On that one, assuming the game ends in 9 innings and doesn't go over time, we're likely at inning #7 on those.  So we expect -- we probably need a quarter -- one more quarter, Q4, maybe a bit of Q1 to have that completed across these 3 areas. And then on the second stream, I'll be honest with you, I don't think the game ever ends on brand elevation in North America. I think we want to continuously elevate our product, elevate how we show up in marketing, elevate how we're distributed. And I think that's been part of the success of this brand historically, and that's something we will continue to drive.  So I probably have us on the first inning with a never-ending game for that work stream.
Jane Nielsen: Just on the SG&A, Matt, what we feel good about is that our realignment plan is on track. We feel confident about the savings from the org restructure that will flow through fiscal '22, as we've said. And then as you think about real estate, as we called out in the announcement today, the benefits of real estate will start to be realized as we move through fiscal '22. So all of those benefits won't be realized in fiscal '22, but we'll start to realize them in fiscal '22. And that -- and we will use those savings to drive important investments in our business. Like digital, like the work that we've been doing in personalization, which you've seen drive tremendous growth in Europe and is starting to bear fruit in our domestic business in North America. Certainly, investment in China, where this year alone, we've opened 85 stores. We intend to grow stores -- new stores.  We intend to continue that journey as we move forward. We believe we have distribution opportunities in Asia and also more targeted distribution opportunities in Europe and North America, and we will use the savings for that as well as increased marketing. We know that our brand and the elevation of the brand is so much of what is pulling the whole ecosystem up. So continuation of increased marketing across our brand.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi.
Paul Lejuez: Just how you're thinking about the range of top line outcomes in F '22, maybe relative to the pre pandemic period? And what sort of flexibility do you have in the P&L if top line is slower to recover just as I hear you talk about some of these expense initiatives. Just wondering how much you can flex those if need be as you think about F '22? And then just curious if you can share anything about what you see in the European digital business when stores close relative to how that digital business performs when stores are open?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Paul, you -- what we have seen -- let me start with the second part of your question, and then I will go to flexibility and inflection in FY '22. So what we have seen in our Europe business specifically is that when the stores close, we do see an inflection in our digital business. Although it's not a one-for-one offset. So you can just see by this quarter with the shutdowns in our store in Europe in November and then into December, that suppress the total -- the total Europe growth, but we did see an acceleration in digital and high-quality digital growth. So we were very pleased with our reduction of discount rate in Europe and the very strong growth that we reported in digital in Europe.  As I think about the volatility as we move into fiscal '22, I think you're right, it's predicated on COVID and the rollout of the vaccine. And I think what you've seen us in the past is moving with agility. And as we look at our expense structure, we've been able to reinvest in the business as we are in the fourth quarter. Elevate marketing, but do so on a timed basis and investing into high ROIC categories. And I think that, that gives us protection on the downside and protects our profitability as we are very focused on the return of that marketing.  We will also have more pricing flexibility as we move forward, should there be volatility in the top line. And those are the primary factors that we'll look at as we move forward and understand the variability and volatility. Also, just a shout out to our supply chain who, given the high variability of demand and inventory planning has been able to replenish and shift by category across our broad range of categories, and that's given us the capability to meet demand even though it's been highly variable based on COVID. So that gives us a lot of confidence as well.
Patrice Louvet: And Paul, the one element I would add on the European digital commerce performance, to Jane's point, is the fantastic work our teams in the markets have done relative to connected retail capabilities. I think pretty soon, we won't be talking about digital and brick-and-mortar separately because they're now so intertwined. But as you look at these new ways of selling in the context of connected retail, we're expecting that to be an accelerator for our digital performance.  And so a lot of that's been pioneered in Europe. A lot of that is what you see in these very strong numbers this quarter, where we're up 60 -- I believe 68% digital commerce in Europe. And I think that is a sustainable set of capabilities that will help us continue to accelerate progress on that front.
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: I guess, Jane, a question for you, similar to Matthew's question on kind of where the earnings base shakes out over time. I guess I wanted to focus really on the U.S. wholesale channel. So I believe pre-COVID, you were kind of doing $1.5 billion of U.S. wholesale. You've got initiatives in place to shrink the door count and does it rationalize some of the lower margin revenue streams you had there?  I guess when all is said and done, and we're on the other side of this, how much of a smaller wholesale business do you expect to be managing, if at all?  And then how does that kind of translate into operating margins? Are you planning a smaller, more profitable channel? Are you kind of trying to get back to where you were? Just kind of curious at a high level how you think about it?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So just Ike, as we step back, I really believe that we should look at wholesale in 3 buckets. Obviously, this year, we announced a significant cleanup in North America wholesale, where we exited about 230 doors in North America, wholesale, will be through that. So good foundation, clean foundation. And moving from there, we know and we see we have share opportunities in the doors we are in. And so continued momentum from share. Even this quarter, we saw share gains in Men's, in Kids and Home in the wholesale channel.  So with that reset base, there's no reason that we -- and we are focused on comp growth in North America wholesale. And the Wholesale Dot Com is an area of wholesale that we're very optimistic about. And so we expect to grow wholesale in their digital -- in the digital business. And then we've been clear that off-price, and especially this quarter, off-price was down meaningfully. Our full-price wholesale on a sell-in basis and sell-out basis were -- in a sell-in basis was much better than what we reported in aggregate for North America wholesale. I expect the off-price cleanout as we exit Q4, to be about done, and it will be repositioned to what it should be, which is a channel that we can liquidate excess in. And so that pressure that you're seeing from off-price will abate in fiscal '22.  So we feel good about the foundation of where we'll be in wholesale. It will be a smaller channel. As you know, we announced the change of Chaps to licensing. Chaps is almost a completely wholesale business in North America. And so you'll see that part shrink the wholesale base. But we feel confident about the value creation of that change. And we feel good about the positions that we're in and how we move forward and focus on growing share in that channel and maximizing pure plays in digital.
Operator: Our final question comes from Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets.
Simeon Siegel: Jane, sorry if I missed it, could you drill down on the 900 basis points of own digital operating margin improvement? I mean, that's really impressive for a generally variable expense business. So maybe how much of that is gross margin, AUR or just how should we think about where the improvement came from and where we go from here?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Sure. So the primary driver of our digital margin reset was our pricing and product mix strategy. So we are elevating the mix, our product mix on our digital sites. We are pulling away from -- especially in North America from those daigou discount-oriented customers. We're recruiting new customers at a higher gross margin, a bigger basket. And so that's driving a great deal of our margin expansion as well. It's primarily coming from those resets, pricing, quality consumer recruitment. And we are getting some leverage on our fixed cost base, which is well built out. And is ready to be leveraged from a growth standpoint. So we feel good about, it has multiple drivers across all the vectors. And the most work has been on the North America site. That's where we've seen the biggest ladder up in this quarter in terms of digital margins, but tremendous progress in Europe over the past over the past six quarters. And Asia, with the reboot of Asia, started off with quite healthy margins and continues to grow those margins largely on scale.
Patrice Louvet: And Simeon, I would add from a key deliverable for us this past year, we really were very focused on step changing profitability of digital. Because there's no interest in driving digital, or frankly, if it's going to be completely dilutive to your overall business. And we know it is the channel of the future. So as a team, we really focused on not just improving by 10 basis points, but the step change that you saw here, which is not a one-timer, this is sustainable because we're now getting to a point where our own digital operations are accretive to our overall company margins. And therefore, we have every incentive to follow the consumer who wants to actually shop on that channel. So excited about the progress and expect this to be sustained for us moving forward.
Jane Nielsen: I love the new consumer metrics and the new consumers that we're recruiting. We're really excited about that as an investment opportunity for us. And just to -- I know I mentioned it on the script, but we're really proud that full price billing on our site up over 130%.
Patrice Louvet: Good. So that's a good place to mark and close. Thank you, Simeon. So thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year fiscal '21 results with you in May. And in the meantime, please stay safe, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over the conference to our host Ms. Corinna Van Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Corey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. Our second quarter performance reflected solid progress on our path to return to growth. Our results were overall in line with our expectations with better-than-expected earnings driven by gross and operating margin expansion. While COVID-19 is still impacting physical store traffic and consumer behavior, we continue to take proactive measures to get ahead of these shifts and position our business to emerge from this crisis stronger than we came into it. These measures include accelerating our connected retail offerings globally, delivering high-value new customer acquisition, expanding key categories and international markets and realigning our cost structure. Throughout this period, we remain steadfastly focused on elevating our brand, and we were encouraged that underlying AUR growth outperformed our expectations this quarter, which is reflective of more personalized communications, reductions in promotional activity, geographic, channel and product mix benefit and strategic pricing increases. This acceleration of core strategies in the quarter remains consistent with the five strategic priorities that we laid out as part of our long-term plan. These include: first, win over a new generation of consumers. Second, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories; third, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels, fourth, lead with digital across all activities, and fifth, operate with discipline to fuel growth. I will touch on a few of these areas in a moment. But first, let me review a few highlights related to our recovery this quarter. Overall, we were encouraged that our performance improved sequentially in each of our geographies led by Asia and across our digital channels globally. Nevertheless, while we are confident in our strategy to return to growth, we remain cautious as our path to recovery may not be linear over the next few months, given meaningful traffic headwinds and a significant amount of uncertainty in the global environment. Looking across our regions. Asia is the furthest along on the path to recovery. This was driven by positive sales in the Chinese Mainland, which returned to pre-COVID growth levels of more than 30% as government restrictions were lifted as well as in Korea. Strong sequential improvement in our North America and Europe comp trends in the second quarter, and we continue to monitor each of our markets closely, by channel. While our brick-and-mortar performance was still challenged due to store traffic headwinds, we reported solid digital comps in all three regions this quarter. This was driven by expanded connected retail offerings and an emphasis on product categories like home and loungewear that are resonating with consumers today, with notably less focus on formal tailored workwear and occasion dressing. Within our Wholesale business, we were also encouraged by sequential progress across regions this quarter, particularly on a sell-out basis and led by wholesale dot-com. Our sell-in continues to improve, but is lagging our recovery in direct-to-consumer as planned, as we exited department store doors in the first quarter and focus on prioritizing inventory management in this environment. This near-term discipline is integral to building price harmonization across our ecosystem and to protecting the elevation and long-term equity of our brands. Next, I want to spend a moment digging a little deeper into our digital transformation, which cuts across everything we do from how we create the best possible experience for our consumers to new ways of working as a company and with our partners. On the consumer-facing side, the continued acceleration of connected retail is central to our recovery and return to growth. We now have a comprehensive offering of connected retailing options, enabling our consumers to interact with the world of Ralph Lauren in new and more personal ways. These include virtual client selling and appointment booking, buy online, pick up in store, curbside pickup, mobile checkout and contactless payments. We launched our pilot Ralph Lauren virtual store experience this quarter, bringing our Beverly Hills flagship store experience, online through a mix of multimedia and augmented reality capabilities wherever you are in the world, you can shop and interact with this unique store experience through your device. Along with our expanded connected retail options, we plan to roll out more virtual flagship shopping experiences, this holiday and beyond. In addition to our consumer facing enhancements, we also continue to digitize how we work as an organization. This quarter we began to roll out our digital value chain initiative that will streamline how we bring products to market and make it easier for our teams to stay connected and agile. Some key components of this include, implementing 3D digital product creation and virtual fittings, rolling out digital showrooms and expanding our stepwise buying capabilities, enabling us to make purchase decisions closer to market. While I am encouraged by these successful rollouts in the midst of COVID. We still have significant opportunity to continue integrating digital into how we work to enable greater effectiveness and efficiency. Turning out to our efforts to win over a new generation. In the second quarter, we continue to ramp-up our personalization initiatives, including targeted email campaigns with predictive AI and high reach paid social media, helping to drive traffic and conversion to our channels. We added more than a million new customers to our direct to consumer platforms alone in Q2. And as consumers are learning to live and work in new ways, we are likewise developing new ways of inspiring and engaging us. Let me share a few of the highlights from Q2. First, we were the first ever fashion brand to enable consumers to mix and match branded garments, inspired by real life designs on Snapchat, through our Ralph Lauren Bitmoji collection. Over 10 million users dress their Bitmoji and Ralph Lauren and tried on the collection over 250 million times this quarter. Our 360 degree marketing campaign included influencer and celebrity partnerships with a live stream concert by Chance the Rapper from our Chicago flagship and augmented reality portal on Snapchat. Successfully connecting with Gen Z audiences, Ralph Lauren reached leadership share a voice on social media, through this launch. We also announced the winner of our Polo design for good contest in Q2, entitled, Just Let Me Breathe, by artists Michelle Smith. This was a great example of how we are engaging with our super fans who submitted their artwork for display on an exclusive polo shirt with the campaign generating more than 300 million PR impressions. It also connects to our core values, which Ralph established more than 50 years ago when he started this company with all proceeds of the winning shirt going to COVID-19 relief. Other high impact activities to recruit new consumers this quarter included our partnership with the popular Netflix show Elite outfitting BTSs as official music video for Dynamite, a campaign supporting the Wimbledon foundation in the absence of this year's tournament and our continued sponsorship of the U.S. Open Tennis and PGA Championships, as we further strengthen our position in the world of sports globally. These initiatives help to deliver an acceleration of our global brand awareness and purchase intent since the start of the pandemic, particularly with next generation consumers. And our total social media followers exceeded 44 million in the second quarter, led by our expansion on TikTok, as well as double-digit growth on Instagram. Looking ahead, our upcoming holiday campaigns will focus more than ever before, on digital experiences from the expansion of our virtual stores to our PolarBear game with a live stream gaming event on Twitch. Our campaigns will also feature a much greater emphasis on gifting this holiday across all of our channels. This represents a key opportunity globally with 74% of consumers we surveyed recently highlighting Ralph Lauren, as a brand that is great for gifting. I also want to touch on our work to operate with discipline secure growth. Our ongoing focus on balancing growth, with productivity has been an important element of our long-term plan. And this discipline is even more critical as we make hard choices to realign our cost structure, so we can position the company to emerge from COVID stronger than we came into it and pivot back to growth. In the second quarter, we announced the first major action related to our fiscal 2021 strategic realignment plan, the simplification of our organizational structure. This is designed to enable our teams to move with even greater agility and focus on what matters most, including our digital transformation. Another element of our strategic review process we discussed last quarter was an assessment of our brand portfolio. Today, we announced that we are transitioning our Chaps business to a fully licensed model. This shift is consistent with our long-term strategy from several aspects. First, it will enable us to put even greater focus on elevating our core namesake brands in the marketplace. Second, it will reduce our total direct exposure to the North America brick-and-mortar department store channel, notably the more moderate tiers. And third, this move will create incremental value for the company by setting up chats to deliver on its potential with an experienced partner in the sector that is focused on nurturing the burn. We are making good progress on our multi-pronged realignment plan, which gives us increased confidence in our ability to start fiscal '22 strong with the right foundations in place. Importantly, I also want to take a moment to touch on our ongoing work to integrate citizenship and sustainability into everything we do.  Q2 marked the kick-off of our participation in the CEO action for ratio equality fellowship, focused on advancing ratio quality and social justice in public policy. And the McKinsey Black leadership Academy aimed at developing and empowering our next-generation of black leaders on a global scale. On the sustainability front, we were excited to announce a minority investment in natural fiber welding, a leading sustainable material science start-up that has revolutionized the use of natural fibers and reuse of cotton waste into patented high-performance materials. Our investment will help to expand the market and ecosystem that supports the use of recycled cotton. In closing, Ralph and I want to thank our teams for their incredible resilience, dedication and agility as we continue to navigate through challenging conditions around the world. In this unprecedented environment, we recognize the opportunity to accelerate key strategic priorities and continue to deliver Ralph's iconic vision in an elevated way to all of our consumers across all of our channels. And before I turn it over to Jane, I want to extend a warm welcome to our newest Board member, Valerie Jarrett, Valerie's breadth of experience across the private and public sectors and unparalleled expertise in government, law and business will bring great perspective to the boardroom. And Ralph and I are confident that her experience and leadership will be invaluable.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jane to discuss our financial results, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ms. Nielsen, your line is open.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Angela. And good morning, everyone. We were encouraged by our team's execution and continued business progress in the second quarter. In the midst of a still challenging operating environment, we delivered sequential improvement across all regions, expanded our gross margins through continued AUR growth and brand elevation and reduced expenses across the company. Importantly, our balance sheet is very strong with $2.4 billion of cash and investments, enhanced by ongoing working capital efficiencies. At the same time, we continue to invest in our brands and in the channels that matter most to consumers today, notably, an increased emphasis on our digital transformation. We continue to be cautious about the pace and regional variability of COVID recovery as well as consumer behavior, especially with the rise of restrictions, with the resurgence of COVID cases, notably in Europe. We are intensely focused on what we can control in this dynamic context and on positioning the company to accelerate value creation as we emerge from the global pandemics. This includes elevating our powerful lifestyle brands and maintaining a strong balance sheet, while also realigning and streamlining our operational and expense structures. To achieve this goal, in September, we announced the first stage of our fiscal 2021 strategic realignment plan, designed to support future growth and profitability while creating a sustainable cost structure. Our full strategic review process includes the evaluation of our team organizational structures and ways of working, our real estate footprint and related costs across distribution centers, corporate offices and direct-to-consumer retail and wholesale doors and our brand portfolio. We announced actions related to the first initiative, reshaping our organization to align to our strategic growth priorities. These are estimated to result in gross annualized pretax expense savings of approximately $180 million to $200 million. We anticipate a substantial portion of these savings will flow through to the bottom line beginning in fiscal 2022. In connection with the organizational reshaping, we expect to incur a total pretax charge of approximately $160 million. The majority of this charge was recorded in the second quarter. As Patrice mentioned, we announced today that we are transitioning our North American Chaps menswear and womenswear business to a fully licensed model, starting in the second half of fiscal 2022. Although the change is not material, we look forward to updating you on the business transition and progress in the coming months. Moving on to second quarter performance. Second quarter revenues declined 30% compared to a 66% decline in Q1 with performance across all three regions, still adversely impacted by COVID. Total direct-to-consumer comps were down 28%, while global Wholesale revenues declined 37%. Our bricks-and-mortar comps were down 33% following a 66% decline in the first quarter. AUR improvements were more than offset by traffic declines of more than 40% versus last year and limited store operating hours, due to health and safety regulations, consistent with the broader environment. Looking ahead to holiday, we are proactively working to drive traffic and comps through multiple levers, which include increasing high ROI performance marketing, expanding personalization and social commerce program and leveraging our connected retail capabilities, including new features that will be rolled out for holiday. Our brick-and-mortar declines were partially offset by a 12% comp increase in our owned Ralph Lauren digital commerce business. And more importantly, our digital profitability continue to improve with Q2 digital operating margins expanding more than 1,000 basis points to last year through a combination of higher quality of sales and SG&A leverage. With digital representing our fastest-growing channel in the company, driving profitability in this business remains important, not only to our long-term margin accretion, but also to our strategy of repositioning ralphlauren.com as our digital flagship or the best expression of our brand online. Second quarter AUR growth of 26% was above our expectations, led by double-digit increases in North America and Europe. Excluding the COVID-related mix impact, underlying AUR still grew more than 20% to last year. This underlying AUR growth represented an acceleration from the first quarter and is above the low to mid single-digit growth we guided to for fiscal 2021. We plan to drive further AUR growth this year as we elevate our brands across every touch point, significantly reduced promotional depth and duration, drive favorable mix and take targeted pricing increases, particularly in North America. Our confidence in this brand elevation strategy is reinforced by our continued improvements in full price penetration rates, basket sizes and better-than-expected conversion, even as we reported higher AUR growth. Adjusted gross margin was 66.5% in the second quarter, up 500 basis points to last year. Gross margin expansion was driven by strong AUR improvements and favorable geographic and channel mix shift, as our higher AUR gross margin Asia business recovered faster than North America and Europe. Approximately two-third of our gross margin expansion was driven by our continued global improvements in pricing and promotions, with the remainder driven by mix shifts that were outsized given COVID impacts.  SG&A expenses declined 19% to last year on savings from employee furloughs, store rents and government subsidies as well as lower selling and marketing expenses. Adjusted operating margin for the second quarter was 12.6%, down 230 basis points to last year. Marketing declined 31% as COVID canceled or limited the activation of key events like Wimbledon, the U.S. Open and Fashion Week. And we shifted some demand creation activities later in the year. We also continue to pivot investments from in-store and event-based engagements toward longer term brand building activities focused on digital and our values based messaging, as Patrice discussed. Moving on to segment performance, starting with North America. Revenue decreased 38% to last year. Retail comps declined 32%, driven by a 40% decline in brick-and-mortar comps, while our owned digital comps increased 10%. Brick-and-mortar comps were primarily impacted by a steady but measured recovery in retail traffic, including a significant decline in foreign tourist sales in the quarter, consistent with the broader market. AUR for the quarter was up over 20%, driven by significantly reduced promotions and our continued rollout of targeted ticket price increases in factory stores. Our digital commerce comps accelerated to 10% from 3% growth in the first quarter. Underlying sales to domestic consumers, high teens while sales to international and daigou [ph] customers declined double digits to last year, as planned. Stronger sales to domestic consumers were driven by our investments in connected retailing, such as buy online, pickup in-store and expanded personalization and targeted marketing efforts. Our digital marketing work generated a 37% increase in new customers this quarter, driving our full-price sales penetration higher. Similar to last quarter, these comp gains were tempered by a significant planned reduction in promotions to drive higher quality of sales, while also serving to reduce lower-margin sales to international daigou customers. We reduced our total site-wide promotions by 52 days compared to the prior year period. As a result, our digital AUR was also up over 20%, and gross margins for North America digital commerce expanded more than 1,000 basis points to last year. Through this fiscal year, our plan is to continue driving stronger profitability in this channel, while on the revenue side, balancing strong domestic growth with a steady reduction in sales to international promotion seeking shoppers. In North America Wholesale, second quarter revenues declined 46% as we continue to manage our shipments carefully and realign inventories to demand. The decline was partially offset by a modest shift in timing of shipments to rebalance inventory before holiday. At the end of Q2, our inventories at wholesale were clean and well-positioned, down more than 40% at North America wholesale. We are encouraged that our sell-out rates in wholesale are still significantly outperforming sell-in. However, we expect further pressure on reported sell-in over the next few quarters, as we continue to manage inventories carefully. Moving on to Europe. Second quarter revenue declined 25% on a reported basis and 28% in constant currency. Europe retail comps were down 29%, with a 35% decline in our bricks-and-mortar store comps, partly offset by a strong 26% increase in our owned digital commerce.  Across Europe, our bricks-and-mortar comps were impacted by traffic headwinds similar to North America. However, AUR was up over 20% to last year, led by our ongoing strategy to elevate our factory channel.  We continue to be cautious on the pace of brick-and-mortar recovery in Europe based on the growing intensity of second waves of COVID, along with other macro uncertainties.  Strong momentum in our own digital commerce comps was driven by our new consumer acquisition up 30%, along with new site functionalities, connected retailing initiatives and enabled by the launch of our new brick-and-mortar, I will say new back-end LMS platform in the quarter. We were also excited to go live on Farfetch this quarter with a marketing campaign launching in time for holiday.  Europe wholesale revenue declined 27% in constant currency as we continue to limit shipments to reset our inventories to demand. However, we saw continuing momentum in wholesale.com and digital pure plays sell-out performance through the period, with strong double-digit growth to last year led by key platforms such as About You, Asos and Zalando.  Turning to Asia. Revenue declined 7% on a reported basis and 8% in constant currency. Our Asia retail comps improved from on a 33% decline in the first quarter to an 11% decline in Q2. Brick-and-mortar stores were down 12% partially offset by digital comps up 32%.  We are encouraged that growth in the Chinese Mainland is back to pre-COVID levels of more than 30%. However, Japan continued to be the biggest headwind in the quarter, with sales declining 17%. Following our store reopenings in early June, the market entered a second wave of COVID cases which impacted our performance, along with weaker tourism. The decline was partially offset by stronger-than-expected growth on our new digital site launched in June.  Other key markets, especially those with higher levels of tourism like Hong Kong continue to be on a more variable and prolonged recovery. Overall, momentum in our agent digital businesses continued through the quarter, driven by a strong performance across all key markets and channels, including our own sites and digital pure plays.  Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $2.4 billion in cash and investments and $1.6 billion in total debt, which compares to $1.6 billion in cash and investments and $693 million in total debt at the end of last year's second quarter.  Net inventory declined 12% to last year with double-digit declines in North America and Europe and a 9% increase in Asia. While we have taken a highly cautious approach to managing inventories through the pandemic, overall, we were encouraged by our team's ability to merchandise around our core and iconic styles as well as key COVID categories like home and athleisure.  Our increased agility is also enabling us to shift back into pre-COVID categories as consumers return to more normalized trends. Our tightly managed inventories, combined with our strong AUR and gross margin performance through the first half of the year give us increased confidence, that we are taking the right strategic approach to move through excess Prim 20 [ph] product, while also positioning the company for sustainable future growth. Meanwhile, our supply chain teams continue to improve our lead times and fast track capabilities to chase potential increases in demand. Looking ahead, we continue to plan around a number of demand scenarios, given the high level of uncertainty and evolving situation surrounding COVID-19. Based on our assessment of developing business trends and our strategic plans, we want to share some details on how we are thinking directionally about the rest of the fiscal year. First, we expect our financial results for both the third quarter and full year fiscal 2021 to continue to be adversely impacted by the pandemic and prolonged demand recovery. We expect gross margins to continue expanding in the second half of the year, albeit at a more moderate rate than the first half. Improved pricing and promotion, including targeted consumer messaging should continue to be the most durable driver. Based on our year-to-date progress on our brand elevation strategy, we now expect AUR to grow low double digits this year, exceeding our long-term target of low to mid-single-digit average growth annually. We expect these tailwinds to be partly offset by higher production costs in the back half. As we outlined at the start of the pandemic, we plan to clear excess full price merchandise, primarily through our factory channels. We continue to expect declines in operating expenses to moderate with the highest level of dollar spend in the third quarter around holiday. Our first half results included one-time benefits from employee furloughs, rent abatements, executive compensation reductions and government subsidies that are not likely to repeat in the second half. We also shifted a meaningful portion of marketing investments to the back half of the year to position our business for growth as we emerge from the crisis, with first half marketing expense declining 32% to last year but expected to grow about 10% in the second half. Note that cost savings associated with our organizational realignment and any additional potential actions are expected to begin primarily in fiscal 2022. Lastly, our tax rate may be higher and more volatile this year. This is due to impacts from stock compensation and non-deductible items under tax reform as well as limitations on tax benefits from losses eligible for carryback under the Cares Act. In closing, guided by our clear purpose and strategy along with the strength of our Timeless brand and Ralph's creative vision, we are encouraged by the progress we have made over the first two quarters of the year. Our brand elevation is working across every geography. We are accelerating our push into digital, and we are driving even greater cost discipline as we make difficult decisions around realigning our organization and footprint around the world. While we continue to navigate a highly dynamic global environment, our teams are laser-focused on managing through this period to position the company to return to healthy and sustainable growth. And with that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and congrats team on the strong profitability this quarter.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Omar.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Omar.
Omar Saad: Good morning. Patrice, understanding that the current COVID environment is highly unpredictable. There's not a lot of visibility. But if you look beyond the near-term headwinds, can you elaborate on your comments that you plan to emerge from the crisis stronger than you came into it. And could you include a discussion also of a recently announced reorg last month and how that fits in? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Well, thanks for your question. First and foremost, our strength comes from our teams and their incredible dedication, resilience and agility have fueled our progress in -- during these challenging times. Our team's engagement, coupled with a laser focus on strategic priorities and also proactively reducing our exposure to the most structurally challenged parts of our businesses, leads me to actually have great confidence that right now, the fundamentals of the company are actually stronger than when we came into this crisis. Let me elaborate on both areas. First, the strategic growth areas, and then I'll talk about how we're tackling the structural headwinds for the company. So, strategic growth focus area is really centered on elevating our brand, right? We have one of the best brands in the world at hector resiliency and authentic consumer connection during COVID. Our latest read on purchase intent over the past six months since the crisis started indicates actually our purchase intent, our brand consideration scores are up versus pre-crisis. Second point is accelerating digital growth and profitability, right? We've been adding connected retail functionality. We've driven a great focus on personalization in the interaction with our customers and also a strong drive on quality of sales. The third area is recruiting high-quality new consumers, bringing in consumers who buy at higher prices and are really at the sweet spot of our general targeting. And we also saw very strong consumer growth on ralphlauren.com over the past quarter versus prior year. Fourth area is driving high potential underdeveloped markets and categories, namely China, outerwear, and home. And then finally, it's realigning our organization and cost structure to support our future growth and deliver for the numbers we announced a few weeks ago, at least $180 million of savings. So, those are the strategic growth focus areas. And then we're really tackling head on the most challenging areas of the business, and I'll quote the top three. One is our North America brick-and-mortar wholesale presence; the second is our off-price penetration; and the third is the underperformance of our non-core brands. So we closed another 200 underperforming North America Wholesale doors over the past few months. If you step back a little bit, Omar, and you look at the past three-year time frame, we've basically reduced our North America Wholesale brick-and-mortar presence by over 50%. We closed more than 50% of our doors. We also continued to reduce the penetration of off-price in our business, significantly this past quarter. Likewise, to step back and look at the past three year focus and progress, we've reduced the penetration of our off-price business by more than half. And then finally, you heard in our prepared remarks the fact that we are transitioning the Chaps brand, which is roughly $200 million in revenue to a value-accretive, fully-licensed model. So although, we recognize we're still operating in a highly volatile environment and clearly yesterday's new restrictions in Europe are unfortunately a good reminder of this and we will need to continue to manage with agility as we have since the beginning of this pandemic as we kind of work through it. We are focused on strategically positioning the company for long-term growth and value creation. Specifically, Omar to your question on the organization reshaping work that we announced a few weeks ago. So it fits perfectly into the strategic focus areas that we have called out. We really looked ahead and said, okay, next three to five years, what are the key growth areas for the company? What are the key capabilities that we need to succeed? And how do we align our organization structure, our ways of working, our investment levels to make sure that we're taking advantage of all these growth factors. And so what you've seen through our announcement for the reshaping work is a reflection of that. And also, of course, the adjustment of our cost structure to reflect the -- where the business is today and where, again, we want to allocate our resources.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So Patrice, could you speak maybe to the range of current business trends that you're seeing across the portfolio, specifically Polo versus Lauren? And then, Jane, how best to think about the progression of revenues in the back half of the year relative to the 30% decline in the second quarter? And maybe specifically, do you believe a return to consolidated growth is feasible by the fourth quarter?
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Matt. Well, on the brand performance, and we don't get into the specific by brand. But what I can tell you is the bigger parts of the company is the Polo brand, and that is the part of the company that has the strongest progression rates. On the other parts of the portfolio, some of which are work-in-progress like the work that we've been doing on Lauren over the past year. We're feeling good about the pivots that have been made on product, the pivots that have been made on marketing and encouraged by the progress that we're seeing across the channels. The same is true for our luxury labels, purple label and collection and RRL [ph].
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Matt from a second half perspective, here is what we were encouraged by in the quarter. We were really encouraged by the progress we saw from Q1 to Q2. Now as we think about the future, there is a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the second wave shutdowns. In our assessment, this is the biggest potential impact to second half recovery and is why we continue to plan around a number of demand scenarios. We're, obviously, encouraged by the recovery in the Chinese Mainland, getting back to pre-COVID levels of growth, but are cautious given the announcements of what we saw in Europe, particularly in France and Germany, and it's the rising case count in North America. Given the current dynamics, we're not guiding for when we will return to pre-COVID levels. We're looking at trends in terms of the challenges in bricks-and-mortar traffic, the tourism trends that will take longer to recover. And the work that Patrice referenced, which is our proactive cleanup of North America distribution, notably in wholesale and in off-price wholesale. And from a timing perspective, obviously, we expected this point that recovery will continue to be led by Asia, followed by Europe and North America, subject to second wave. So we continue - I think our teams continue to manage agilely through this. We think it's prudent not to give guidance given what's happening in the marketplace today, but we are managing what we can control through the second half. And that's price, AUR, gross margin expense.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning everyone. I hope you're all well. Yes. So Jane, just two quick ones for you. So I appreciate the gross margin commentary in the back half. Could you talk a little bit more specifically about the next quarter just because of how important it is? And I know it seems like you've got some good mix benefits from China and DTC, but I'm assuming we should expect gross margin expansion in both quarters. But I'm kind of curious if you could talk around the gross margin for the upcoming quarter? And then just at a higher level, maybe it's too early to go into this, but can you possibly begin to help us think about the pacing of recovery in the U.S. wholesale channel based on your conversations with your partners, when are you expecting  quote, unquote  normalized growth rate kind of return? Just any help on the pacing of recovery in that channel specifically would be great. Thanks so much.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Ike. So we're not guiding to specific gross margins by quarter, but I can tell you that we do expect expansion in gross margin as we move through the second half. And I believe that our drivers are durable in the third and fourth quarter. And we're very much encouraged by the progress we've made, albeit, I do expect that gross margin expansion is not going to be at the pace that you saw in the first half. In terms of the pacing of wholesale, what we've said is we do expect, given what we see today in terms of the environment that spring 2021 will continue to improve from where we're at today. We know that fall 2020 was constrained by our proactive inventory management, with inventories down 40% in North America wholesale. We do expect this spring sell-in to improve sequentially, but this is going to be a paced recovery. And obviously, our wholesale partners are watching what's happening in North America as carefully as we are. So there's still a bit of uncertainty in that environment, but that's our expectation.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Good morning. The speed model
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Dana.
Dana Telsey: Hi. And the improvement in speed with the three month lead times is very impressive. What do you see the opportunity of that going forward? Does it differ at all by classification? And what is that benefit to the gross margin going forward? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: So speed has been the real focus area for us. I'm glad you called it out Dana. And now we're at a stage where more than 25% of our business is on less than three month lead times. Whereas last year, if you'd ask me what that number was, it would have been low single digits. So tremendous progress from our GMMs team to build capabilities with our suppliers to move a lot faster, we're really looking at three, six, nine month blocks. But what you can expect from us is a continued acceleration of the pace. We have a project that the team developed recently as part of our vote campaign that was actually achieved in a matter of days, not even months, not even weeks, but a matter of days, which gives me a lot of confidence that we're continuing to build the capabilities that will enable us to be incredibly reactive, which obviously, in this environment is critical, give us the ability to chase even further, which again is critical in this environment. So Dana, I suspect a year from now when we sit down together and look at our rate of development that we  you will continue to see very strong progress on speed for the company.
Jane Nielsen: And the primary benefit of this  from a gross margin standpoint is the reduction of excess and a reduction in vendor allowances and NRV, as we're able to re-demand closer and fulfill demand and fulfill product closer to reading demand, and that should be durable as we improve our reaction times.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking our questions.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Binetti: I have two different questions. I think he will go to Jane, but Patrice, any color helpful too. But you've got a number of projects going on with the distribution channels, the regions, the pricing structure, the store fleet and some of the costs in the investment lines here. They all have different durations, they all have different payback periods. But when you add it up, when and how do you think the prioritization of the projects as you laid them out, realistically translate to revenue growth back above the levels we saw in fiscal 2019 or fiscal 2020? And then as a follow-up, maybe you look at it a little bit of a different way through the profitability lens. Maybe a different way to ask it is what level of sales do you think you need to achieve the level of EBIT dollars that you saw in fiscal 2019? Because I know you're working hard on the margins as well.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. We are working hard on the margins. As I look at the actions that we announced and the combination of work that's in progress, such as the Chaps operating model, which you will see the benefit of the org reshaping work largely in fiscal 2022. And as we called out, that will be a gross savings of $180 million to $200 million. The benefit of the Chaps, while much smaller in magnitude would occur post transition in August. And then the work that we're doing on continuing ground portfolio valuation and real estate would likely flow through in fiscal 2022, but closer to year-end in fiscal 2022. In terms of -- we are focused on margin right now. Some of these actions like moving Chaps to a wholesale model will be helpful from a profitability standpoint. But obviously, as you shift to a license model, I'm sorry, that compresses your total dollars of revenue. We factored that into our thinking and are really focused on getting our -- focusing on our operating profitability. We're not guiding to sort of a time of recovery to pre-2019 levels. There's too much uncertainty out there, but that is certainly our long-term mind set.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.
John Kernan: Yes. Hey, good morning, Patrice and Jane. Thanks for taking my question.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, John.
John Kernan: Congrats on all the progress in managing the business through this environment.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks.
John Kernan: And maybe just to dovetail on that on the prior question. How should we think about the mix shift to direct and digital on your overall margin structure? Historically, the Wholesale business was a higher-margin business for the company, I think, globally, particularly in North America. So how do we think about that overall margin structure of the company when going more direct seems like an enormous initiative for the company?
Patrice Louvet: That's a very good question, John. And it's very top of mind for us. That's why all the focus -- let's focus on digital, first and foremost. All our focus on ralphlauren.com is about brand elevation, but enhancing the experience and it's about step changing the profitability. Because anyone can grow dot com operations aggressively at no profit, right? But that's not the game we're in, or the game we're in is ralphlauren.com needs to be accretive to the region from a profitability standpoint. We have achieved that in Asia. We have achieved that in Europe, and we're on our way to achieving that in North America. You saw from our prepared remarks, our margin this past quarter in ralphlauren.com US is up 1,500 basis points, which is a massive growth. And our objective is to make sure that we're excited about moving consumers to that channel and recruiting consumers into that channel, because it will be accretive to the profitability of the region. So we're working on both making sure we're bringing in high-value customers and also have the right AUR, gross margin, SG&A structure to support that moving forward, because you're right that the direction of travel for this company is more direct to consumer in terms of split by channel, and we're keen to make sure that the profitability structure follows that.
Jane Nielsen: And we expect to close this year achieving the goal of having digital be accretive to the region in every region that we operate in and exceeding in North America are our Wholesale margins. So that's a big accomplishment.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you.
John Kernan: Excellent. And maybe just one more follow-up. The $180 million to $200 million gross cost savings. Can you talk about how -- when we approach our Excel models, how we should think about that from fiscal 2022 on the overall SG&A dollar base and models, how we should think about that from fiscal any potential offsets to those gross savings?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I think what we're seeing now is that in -- from our order shaping work, we're going to flow through substantial -- the majority of that through to the bottom line, understanding that we will be making in -- some investments in to accelerate into growth, but I think that as you think about your model, the majority of that will flow through.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning. My question is around the 40% traffic decline you called out for Q2. Could you just share how it looked by region? And then maybe more specifically, as we've moved into the third quarter with Europe in the second wave, you've obviously spoken to some caution. What are you seeing now? And are the retailers there, are they kind of a little bit more cautious as they order for spring/summer 2021. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: So we saw fairly similar traffic patterns in Europe and North America to our brick-and-mortar stores. China encouraging returned to pre-COVID levels of traffic and really led across Asia. And  but we're encouraged by the trajectory we're seeing at, especially by our largest market in Japan that continues to recover following the second wave.
Patrice Louvet: And on your European wholesale question, I think, what we've seen is actually encouraging progress on our partners, both wholesale kind of brick and click and also pure players. And as you know, we have a very strong pure player business in Europe. The recent flare-ups happened yesterday. So I don't know that, that's been reflected in the numbers yet. And, obviously, we approach this with a good level of caution, but we were encouraged with what we  the response we were getting to our product portfolio from our European wholesale partners for spring 2021.
Erinn Murphy: Thank you. And can I
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Have the last question, please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays.
Adrienne Yih: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning.
Patrice Louvet: Hey, Adrienne.
Adrienne Yih: Happy to see the progress. Patrice, I guess my question for you, I liked your comment about the  attracting the new millennial customer. I was wondering if you can give us some metrics or feedback from what you're hearing from both millennial and Gen Z consumers? And then, Jane, my last question for you is your comment based on in spring 2021, you'll be in an improved inventory position. Are you seeing evidence of kind of that stabilized demand in forward bookings for spring 2021? Or is the comment more on the controllable side that you will have a better inventory position? Thank you very much.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So, Adrienne, on the consumer front, we're actually very excited about the response we're seeing from millennials/Gen Z consumers. As you know, we have very deliberate actions to appeal to that customer group, whether that's where we show up from a media standpoint, whether that's the type of activity that we have, like our pretty special Bitmoji program, or whether that's the type of influencer that we partner with. But what we have seen in terms of next-generation performance over the past two quarters, there's actually significant progress within the customer base below the age of 35, basically across all three regions. Now you would expect that in China, because a big chunk of population is there, but we're also seeing that actually in Europe and in North America. So with the tracking that we now do, we  I think we've got much greater visibility to that, encouraged by the traction. And obviously, we'll continue to fuel it. And you saw in our earnings release that we intend to increase our marketing spending in the back half, so Q3, Q4, plus 10% versus last year, a good deal of the activities that will be funded are specifically targeted at the millennial Gen Z population.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. In terms of our outlook for Wholesale Spring '21. We know that our inventory positions will be better. That's what we can control. Obviously, demand is -- remains the biggest uncertainty, but we're encouraged by the conversations that we've had with our wholesale partners thus far.
Patrice Louvet: Well, listen, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our third quarter fiscal '21 results with you in February. And in the meantime, stay safe, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please, go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's first quarter fiscal 2021 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release, and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations' website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. The past few months have marked a period of extraordinary challenge, but also resilience, agility and hope. Our financial performance this quarter reflects an unprecedented three months of COVID-19 related impact around the world. We're taking the opportunity to leverage this period of disruption to accelerate our core strategic focus areas, drive new areas of growth and we aligned our resources accordingly. Building on the strong foundational work our teams had done prior to COVID, over the past few months, they have executed with incredible agility and speed to strengthen our connected retail capabilities, further rationalize our North America brick and mortar wholesale presence, and continue to build our brand through personalized consumer engagement and more values based messaging, all while pursuing our brand elevation journey as evidenced by our strong AUR in gross margin progress. Since, Ralph started our company more than 50 years ago, his focus on the long-term and the spirit of timelessness has enabled us to not only survive times of uncertainty, but drive lasting authentic connections with our consumers. To that end, we have a responsibility that goes well beyond the products we sell. And I first want to take a moment to address the persistent, systemic racial injustice in the U.S. and around the world. We've been listening to our teams and a few of the many actions we've taken over the past couple of months include: one, we committed to elevate more black and African American talent into our leadership ranks. We will interview two underrepresented candidates for every open leadership role, and we are committing to ensure that people of color represent at least 20% of our global leadership team by 2023. We are examining how we portray the American dream in the stories we tell, the creators we champion and the faces we elevate, and we've also undertaken a review of our marketing and media partners to ensure that these channels operate in a way that aligns with our values. And three, we are instituting a set of diversity expectations for our partners and vendors to hold our network accountable as well. This is only the beginning, and on behalf of our entire leadership team, Ralph and I want to be clear, to our black and African American colleagues and people of color, both in our Company and in our communities, we hear you, we stand with you, and we commit to do better by you. Moving to COVID. We experienced our first full quarter of impact from the pandemic in Q1, with widespread store closures across all three regions. In this difficult environment, our teams launched several new digital initiatives, accelerated new customer acquisition, and delivered compelling engagement in product categories that resonate with consumers today all while meaningfully reducing our expenses. As I've said before, our objective is to emerge from this period stronger than we came into it. We are constantly learning and taking action to ensure we not only endure through this crisis, but are positioned to thrive long-term. I'll start with an update on our path to recovery in each region. Following our store closures late in the fourth quarter of fiscal '20, our doors were closed an additional 8 to 10 weeks across many of our largest markets in Q1. This drove a 57% comp decline in the first quarter, slightly better than our expectations. By region the largest declines were in North America and Europe, where stores were closed the longest on average, with brick and mortar comps down more than 70% in each region. Asia comps were down 33%. Earlier recovery in Korea and Mainland China was more than offset by closures in Japan, our largest market in Asia, where the government drove shutdowns in early April. By channel, the path to recovery in each region has been led by our digital businesses where we resumed targeted consumer marketing and accelerated our online capabilities while stores were closed. Owned digital comps were positive in all regions this quarter, led by 68% growth in Asia, and 44% growth in Europe. North America also returned to positive digital comps. Global momentum in our digital channels was followed by our store re-openings across geographies. As of today, we are pleased to report that nearly all of our stores were opened in Asia, Europe and North America. But we are watching resurgences closely, and our priority remains the health and safety of our teams, and our consumers. As stores reopened, we experienced significant traffic and comp declines initially, with strong growth in conversion rates and average basket size. In the weeks that followed, we saw sequential improvement in brick and mortar traffic and comps, although both metrics were still negative as we exited the quarter. Our Europe and North America comp declines in June were roughly half the rate we experienced in April. And Asia comps improved from more than 50% declines in April to a single-digit decline in June. While we remain cautious on the pace of recovery, as CVOID continues to develop around the world, we are encouraged by our progress this quarter on our long-term journey of brand elevation, enabled by our inventory discipline pre-COVID, and early actions taken since the start of the pandemic, we generated double-digit AUR growth and significantly lower discount rates in our own retail channels in Q1. We also drove lower markdown allowances at wholesale, which brings me to our wholesale performance through COVID. We have experienced a similar trajectory to our own stores, with our wholesale brick and mortar partners close for a comparable period in the quarter. On a sell-out basis, we've seen encouraging sequential improvement, led again by strong growth in digital. At brick and mortar wholesale, our sell-out declines have moderated on a month-by-month basis, though we're still down double-digits in June. As we noted on our last call, we're taking a number of key actions to ensure that this channel is well positioned as we emerge from the crisis. First, on a sell-in basis, we stopped shipping spring-summer products to nearly all wholesale accounts in March. This enabled our partners to continue selling through products received prior to closures, while preventing the buildup of excess inventories in the channel. Second, we also proactively reduced our fall holiday orders by two-thirds at the start of COVID in order to reintegrate existing product into upcoming collections. While we continue to diligently manage our inventories through the pandemic, we've selectively filled in key programs to ensure appropriate seasonal assortments. And as of June, we resume shipping a very limited quantities of replenishment product, and are working with our partners to take a carefully monitored approach to fall holiday. While these reductions are driving significant declines in our first half selling to wholesale, they are a critical step to realign our inventories to expected demand and continue enabling our strategy of brand elevation. And third, we're utilizing this period to accelerate shifts in our wholesale distribution, particularly in North America brick and mortar. Working with our partners, we exited more than 200 lower performing wholesale doors this spring in order to focus on our most productive locations. While these closures represent less than 5% of our sales to the channel, we are working to not only recapture these sales, but also grow share in our remaining businesses. This is a two-pronged approach, focus on increasing productivity in the brick and mortar doors we are moving forward with, and deliberately shifting sales towards digital. To this end, we are activating highly targeted marketing in the relevant wholesale consumers, a program we successfully tested prior to COVID. That takes us to my next update, leading with digital. Through the pandemic, we have accelerated the rollout of connected retail programs and leveraged high impact digital marketing as we shift toward a true omni-channel model. New connected retail capabilities in the quarter included finding store, virtual selling appointment, live stream selling, digital catalogs, and expanded Buy Online Ship from Store. Consumer response to these initiatives has been encouraging so far. In North America factory stores, for example, virtual appointments have driven double the spend versus our average consumer transaction. We also continue to rollout targeted, personalized consumer engagement, including tailored marketing and promotional offers. This will enable us to drive more effective marketing along with a lower level of overall promotions and better product recommendations over time. While I'm energized by the successful rollouts in the midst of COVID, there remains a lot of opportunity to deepen and expand our digital connectivity and omni-channel capabilities. We will also continue to digitize how we work. This includes the adoption of virtual showrooms, which we successfully rolled out from men's Purple Label last month, and continuing to expand our digital product creation. Turning now to our marketing and brand elevation journey through COVID. Since the start of our next great chapter plan in fiscal '19, we've added an average of more than 5 million new consumers per year to our brands through our direct-to-consumer channels alone. This is consistent with our plan to win over a new generation, and we believe we have an opportunity to take share in this environment. In the first quarter, we resumed marketing activities. These included targeted email campaigns with predictive AI, and high-reach paid social media aimed at acquiring new consumers, driving traffic and conversion to our channels. And through our campaigns like RL-at-home and Pride, we continue to tap into our authentic values like optimism, quality and togetherness, which are especially relevant in the current context. These initiatives have resonated well with consumers. Globally, our brand awareness and purchase intent have accelerated since the start of the pandemic, and our total social media followers reached nearly 44 million in the first quarter, a 9% increase to last year led by double-digit growth on Instagram and Tik-Tok. Critically, we have also continued our work to both elevate and protect the health and integrity of our brand through the current crisis, consistent with our long-term strategy. These actions include: one, reducing our total penetration in off-price and bottom wholesale brick and mortar doors, while driving faster growth in our direct-to-consumer and wholesale.com businesses. Two, bring discipline in inventories to reduce the need for discounting and heavy promotions. And three, we continued improving our product offering, and resetting our price value proposition across each channel in the marketplace. We were encouraged that underlying AUR growth outperformed our expectations this quarter, reflecting our continued brand elevation efforts, reductions in promotional activity, and strategic price increases. Moving onto our initiatives to operate with discipline to fuel growth. A key element of our long-term plan has been to balance growth with productivity, which includes driving a culture of cost discipline and working in new ways across our organization. Since the start of the pandemic, we have made hard choices to reduce near-term expenses so we can emerge from this crisis stronger than we came into it, and pivot quickly back to growth. We're also in the process of reassessing our long-term operating structure to align our resourcing and investments to our strategic priorities, and a shifting retail landscape, while also building more flexibility into our cost structure. Jane will discuss this in more detail in a moment. And lastly, I want to highlight the continued importance of our journey to integrate citizenship and sustainability across our business. We were proud that parity.org recently named us among the best companies for women to advance. And I hope you've all had a chance to check out our annual Design the Change report published this June. The report delineates clear target dates around our commitments, new science-based greenhouse gas reduction targets, and our new commitments to reducing water consumption across our value chain in partnership with the World Wildlife Fund. In closing, Ralph and I, are proud of and grateful for the dedication, commitment and agility our teams are demonstrating as we navigate through highly challenging conditions around the world. I've said this before, but I still strongly believe this crisis is creating opportunities for our business to emerge leaner, more nimble and, ultimately, take market share. We are using this time to proactively deliver the products, channels and authentic brand connections that consumers crave in this rapidly evolving environment. And while the effects of the pandemic appear to be far from over, we have strong foundations in place to manage through the continued uncertainty, including remote and flexible working, new connected retailing capabilities, a strong digital marketing proposition, and a clear inventory management strategy. And we are privileged to have one of the greatest assets of all, the strength of our timeless global brand, which we will steadfastly protect and build through this period and beyond. And before I hand it off to Jane, I'd like to extend a warm welcome to Darren Walker, who joined our Board of Directors last week. Currently the President and CEO of the Ford Foundation, we believe Darren's experience and philanthropy, and business will not only complement our Board's existing expertise, but will bring important new perspective. I'd also like to thank departing directors Joyce Brown and Robert Wright for their leadership and valued contributions to the Company over many years. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane, to discuss our financial results. And I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. This quarter was undoubtedly one of the most challenging periods in our Company's history. All of our reportable regions and physical channels faced retail closures and consumer self-distancing on a mass scale. As we started reopening stores with new safety protocols, reduced hours and capacity restrictions, consumers remained cautious, as expected, but we were encouraged by the sequential improvements across each region. During the quarter, we continued to leverage our key strengths, starting with our balance sheet, which is a real competitive advantage through this crisis, and gives us the flexibility to continue to execute our plan and elevate our brand. We ended the first quarter with $2.7 billion in Cash and Investments, and $1.9 billion in total debt, which compared to $2 billion in Cash and Investments, and $692 million in debt at the end of last year's first quarter. Building on our actions in Q4, we took additional precautionary measures to preserve cash and strengthen liquidity in the first quarter. These actions included, first, the issuance of $1.25 billion in debt in June with proceeds going towards the pay down of our revolver August 2020 notes, and the remainder held for general corporate purposes as we continue to manage through COVID. Second, we continue to reduce our cost to align to our top line and better align with our long-term strategy, with first quarter SG&A down 30% to last year. Third, we reduced our wholesale footprint by more than 200 doors this quarter and we'll continue evaluating our presence as we move forward. We also worked closely with our wholesale partners to reduce our outstanding receivables by more than half since the start of the crisis. In addition, we have improved our working capital and cash conversion cycle from the start of the crisis through a combination of lower accounts receivable and extended days payable, despite the challenging global retail conditions. Second, we are aligning our resources to support future growth and profitability as we accelerate our core strategic focus areas. As a part of this, we are in the process of determining the right organizational and operating structures to support this growth. Our work will focus on six key areas: team organizational structures and capabilities, enterprise-wide processes and new ways of working, our distribution center and corporate office footprint, our own DTC and wholesale door presence as we assess the role of each store within the ecosystem, all discretionary expenses such as travel and sample costs, and lastly, our brand portfolio. These plans are beginning to take shape, informed by both our growth objectives and the constantly evolving consumer context, and we will share more with you in the coming months. Net inventory at the end of the first quarter was down 22% to last year with double-digit declines across all regions. Our strong AUR and gross margin performance this quarter gives us confidence that we are taking the right strategic approach to move through excess spring '20 product, while also positioning the company for future growth. Moving on to our first quarter performance. First quarter revenues declined 66% on a reported basis and 65% in constant currency. Total direct-to-consumer comps were down 57% as Patrice mentioned, driven by COVID related store closures across all regions and gradual recovery rates as doors reopened. The brick and mortar comp decline was partially offset by a 13% comp increase in our owned Ralph Lauren digital commerce business led by strong double-digit growth in Asia and Europe. And more importantly, we accelerated digital profitability with Q1 digital operating margins expanding more than a 1,000 basis points in all three regions through a combination of higher-quality sales and SG&A leverage. With digital representing our fastest growing channel in the company driving profitability in this business is not only critical to our long-term margin accretion, but also for our strategy of repositioning ralphlauren.com as our digital flagship or the best expression of our brand online. Adjusted gross margin was 71.8% in the first quarter compared to 64.5% last year. Approximately one-third of this expansion was driven by our continued improvement in pricing and promotions while about two-third was driven by unusual geographic and channel mix shifts due to COVID. The COVID factors were, first, we reported significantly better topline results in Asia this quarter compared to Europe and North America, which were largely closed during the period. In addition to being the earliest region on the path to recovery from COVID related impacts, Asia is also our highest gross margin and AUR market across the three geographies. Second, our gross margin mix benefited from a lower contribution from factory stores and off-price due to physical store closures, combined with a higher relative contribution from full price digital commerce in the period. We expect these mix distortions to moderate significantly beyond Q1 as our other regions and factory stores have gradually returned to operations. However, we still expect to expand gross margins going forward with improved pricing and promotion continuing to be the most durable driver, along with a more normalized level of geographic and channel mix benefit. First quarter AUR growth of 25% exceeded our expectations in a promotional competitive environment, led by double-digit increases in North America and Europe. Excluding the COVID related mix impacts just noted, underlying AUR still grew high single-digits to last year. This is consistent with our recent trajectory and above the low to mid single-digit growth we guided for fiscal '21, as we continue to elevate our brands across every touch point, significantly reduce promotional depth and breadth and take targeted pricing increases, particularly in North America. SG&A expenses declined 30% to last year on savings from employee furloughs and store rents, as well as lower selling and marketing expenses. Adjusted operating loss for the first quarter was $174 million compared to operating income of $175 million last year. Marketing declined 34% as we shifted some activities later in the year. We also pivoted investment from in-store and event based engagements toward longer-term brand building activities focused on digital and our values based messaging. We still anticipate that SG&A declines were moderate as we move through the year as we bring an appropriate level of infrastructure and staffing back to support reopened businesses. Moving onto segment performance, starting with North America. Revenue decreased 77% to last year. Retail comps declined 64%, driven by a 77% decline in bricks and mortar comps, while our own digital comps increased 3%. Brick and mortar comps were primarily impacted by store closures for a majority of the quarter across the region, and an absence of foreign tourist traffic in the quarter. In addition, as stores have reopened, we have seen moderate sequential improvement as reduced mall opening hours and restrictions on customer capacity further impact performance. Beyond Q1, we continue to plan cautiously given a high level of uncertainty around broader macro-trends as well as evolving consumer behavior. AUR for the quarter was up double digits in both our full-price and factory stores, driven by reduced promotions and our continued rollout of targeted ticketing price increases. Comps in our North America directly operated digital commerce business grew 3% compared to 7% decline in the fourth quarter. Underlying sales to domestic consumers accelerated to high-teens growth in the quarter, while sales to international and [Diego] customers declined double digits to last year, as planned. Growth in our domestic traffic and comps improved as we turned performance-driven marketing back on in mid-April, following an initial quiet period due to COVID. Our digital marketing work generated a 65% increase in high-quality new consumers this quarter, driving our full price sales penetration higher. These comp gains were tempered by a significant planned reduction in promotions aimed at reducing our lower margin sales to international customers and driving higher quality of sales overall. As a result, gross margins for our North America digital commerce expanded 500 basis points to last year. Going forward, our plan is to continue driving stronger profitability in this channel, while on the revenue side, balancing strong domestic growth with a steady reduction in sales to international shoppers. In North America wholesale, first-quarter revenue declined 93% as we parked nearly all shipments to North American wholesale partners starting in the fourth quarter due to COVID. However, we were encouraged by wholesale.com sell-out trends up mid-teens. Our sell-out rate in both wholesale.com and brick and mortar wholesale are significantly outperforming our sell-in as stores reopen. However, we expect further pressure on reported sell-in over the next several quarters, as we continue to realign inventories to demand, and carefully monitor regional resurgence of the virus. We also continued reducing our penetration to the off-price channel in the quarter Moving on to Europe. First-quarter revenue declined 67% on a reported basis and 64% in constant currency. Europe retail comps were down 62%, with a 75% decline in our brick and mortar stores' comp, partly offset by a strong 44% increase in owned digital commerce. Across Europe, our brick and mortar comps were impacted by COVID related store closures for about two-thirds of the quarter, similar to North America. However, AUR was up 15% to last year led by our ongoing efforts to elevate our factory channel. Like North America, we continue to be cautious on the pace of bricks and mortar recovery in Europe, based on a number of uncertainties. Our own digital commerce comps were up 44% in the quarter, as we quickly pivoted our marketing, focused on new consumer acquisition, and accelerated Buy Online Ship from Store to leverage store inventories. Europe wholesale revenue declined 68% in constant currency, driven by our plan to reduce shipments during COVID to rightsize inventories in the marketplace. However, similar to North America, we saw continued momentum in wholesale.com and digital pure play sell-out performance through the period, with strong double-digit growth to last year. Turning to Asia. Revenue declined 34% on a reported basis and 32% in constant currency in the first quarter. Asia retail comps were down 33% to last year, with a 35% decline in our brick and mortar stores, partly offset by digital comps of 68%. Our performance in Korea and the Chinese Mainland continued to improve throughout the period, with Q1 sales up high single-digits and mid-teens to last year, respectively. Japan was the biggest headwind in the quarter, with Q1 sales down nearly 60% on government mandated store closures in April and May. Since reopening all of our stores in early June, the market appears to be recovering relatively well due to a loyal existing consumer base, largely mitigating pressure from weaker tourism. Other key markets, especially those with high levels of tourism like Hong Kong are on a more prolonged and variable recovery. Overall momentum in our Asia digital businesses continued through the quarter, even as stores reopened, driven by strong performance across all key markets and channels, including our own sites, digital pure plays and wholesale.com. We drove a successful 618 campaign in Mainland China, including our first brand live-stream event on Timok. Looking ahead, as we navigate the current environment, we remain first and foremost, committed to the safety of our employees, partners and consumers. We continue to suspend guidance due to the high level of uncertainty and evolving situation surrounding COVID-19, including possible resurgences and additional economic shutdowns. Based on the current trends, however, we still expect Q1 to be the most significantly challenged quarter of the year on both the top and bottom line basis. While revenue decline should moderate gradually as we move through the year, we continue to expect second quarter revenues and operating profit to be down meaningfully, as well as full year fiscal '21 due to the pandemic and prolonged demand recovery. As Patrice mentioned, as we move through the pandemic, we are continuing our strategic focus on elevating our brands and driving profitability as we reposition the Company to return to sustainable long-term growth and value creation. In closing, we are operating in an incredibly dynamic environment and our teams are facing the challenge with real agility. We will continue to face headwinds, but our purpose, strategy and objectives are clear. And led by Ralph's enduring vision, we believe our discipline alongside a clear focus on continuing to elevate our iconic brand will enable us to emerge from this time in a position of strength. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Exane BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Patrice, Jane, as you can see realized during and post-COVID, where are you focusing your Organization's energy to remain on the offense and winning in this new environment? You referred to upcoming adjustments to your strategy and the operating structure, can you provide more color on key considerations guiding this work? And for Jane, I understand you're not giving guidance, but what do you feel is not currently understood by the investment community as we try to model out the next few quarters? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Laurent. Welcome back. And thank you for your question. So listen, we are determined to win in this very dynamic environment, and as I look at our core strategic choices, which you know well, we believe they are broadly still relevant today. But obviously, the landscape is shifting rapidly and we're proactively evolving our strategy to remain on offense, which includes accelerating certain strategic choices over others. So, I thought I'd share a few examples of how our teams are working with agility and resilience to bring all this to life. First on winning over a new generation, we're putting even more emphasis on purpose and values based communication, and you saw some of that with our Pride campaign, recently, coupled with targeted, personalized digital marketing which - both of which are actually resonating quite well with current consumers, and new consumers, and you'll remember our ambition is to get to one-to-one marketing, ultimately. Within our product assortment, one of the thing, I think, that really stands out for Ralph Lauren relative to the number of players in our peer group is the fact that we are a lifestyle brand. We are now attached specifically to one product category or another, we truly have this incredible ability to flex across categories. And so, we're leveraging this to put more emphasis on areas that are resonating most with consumers right now. For example, that is both our focus on the core, and also new under-developed categories that we are focusing on now, like Home or Loungewear, for example. Within our ecosystem, so you'll remember, we're looking to build holistic omni-channel ecosystems in a limited number of big cities around the world. That's our go-to-market strategy. We're putting more emphasis on connected retail and refining how we integrate these capabilities within this ecosystem strategy. So connected retail, if you're familiar with all the capabilities that are available in this space, and I am actually really pleased with the work our teams have done over the past few weeks and months to ramp up Buy Online Pickup in Store, Buy Online Ship from Store, curbside, digital client selling, virtual appointments, book appointments online, and so on. And I think, probably, the Chinese Mainland situation is probably our best example of bringing all that to life, but it's actually been very energizing to see how this has been expanded across all of our regions. Fourth thing I would call out is related to this, actually, is really taking a digital first lens to everything that we do, whether that applies to how we interact with consumers, how we interact within our teams, virtual showrooms; we had our first Purple Label virtual showrooms a few weeks ago that was very successful, or 3D designs. And then finally, our work to operate with discipline to fuel growth, which is our fifth pillar, obviously doesn't stop here. With the changing environment, we're actively looking at our complete operating structure, where we are allocating resources and where we can drive more flexibility, as Jane mentioned in her prepared remarks. Now, of course, all of this work will require reshaping of our organization and footprint that align with these updated and accelerated strategic choices, which we look forward to talking to you more about in the coming months.
Jane Nielsen: I'll take the second part of your question. And we're glad you're back. Let me try to give you some comments as you think about the next few quarters. Like many competitors we're watching changing regional dynamics and resurgences very carefully. But I think there is a second dynamic at play, which is the cadence of our business recovery, which really ties into our continued strategic focus on elevating our brands and driving quality of sales even during this pandemic. The way we're thinking about it based on what we know today is, I think, it's reasonable to expect that Q2 revenue will continue to see an improvement, but then our recovery will proceed at a more moderate pace than our Q1 exit rate, where we had the initial benefit of store re-openings. I think the most significant, uncontrollable is traffic, where we still expect it to be a pressure point as we move forward, along with the broader macroeconomic environment. However, what we can control are the proactive decisions that we are making to elevate our brands and position them to return to healthy and sustainable growth. Now that will play out on the wholesale side, in that, we expect our reported sell-in to continue to be heavily pressured as we prioritize healthier sell-out, and healthy inventory level. Our sell-out trends are encouraging, thus far, and our inventories were down meaningfully at the end of Q1, but we intend to continue this journey, especially through Q2. And on the DTC side, while nearly all of our stores are open, we expect the pace of recovery to be more gradual as we leverage this period to prioritize quality of sales, and meaningfully improve profitability in our DTC channel, especially our digital channel, where operating margins expanded by a 1,000 basis points in every region in Q1. Now, I know that these decisions in the short-term will temper the speed of recovery in our reported sales, in both DTC and wholesale, but it will better position our brands to return to more normalized trajectory as we move beyond this period. But we're analyzing this day-by-day, and really leaning into our strategic choices.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: So, on North American wholesale, maybe - what's the best way to think about the pace of recovery as we think about North American wholesale in the second quarter or the back half of the year, relative to the 93% 1Q decline. And with that, Patrice, coming out of the pandemic, is there any way, maybe, just to elaborate on initiatives, or opportunities you see to re-map demand for the overall brand over time in the face of the partner door consolidation that we're seeing today?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Why don't I give you a little bit of color on how we're thinking about North America wholesale, at least in the coming few months. We are, as I said, encouraged by the week-on-week improvements that we saw in Q1, although our trends were still negative as we exited the quarter. And we do expect that indoor and mall environment could remain challenged through the coming quarter. But as we move into fall holiday, we are very clear that we're going to continue to prioritize inventory management, which could be headwind to sell-out if demand picks up, but it is really important for our long-term strategy. But as we expect trends to improve as we move into fall, at that, when we expect to start to close the gap to get to more normalized levels that were pre-COVID as we enter into spring '21, we're still taking a cautious approach, but I think that that spring '21 starts us get to - starts - all things holding, start to get us back to that exit rate that we saw before we went into COVID. That said, there is a lot of uncertainty in the market, but we feel good about our position today, Matt. Our inventories are clean, we're keeping them that way. We're happy with our sell-out that we're seeing in the environment, but obviously, the environment has some uncertainty that we're watching.
Patrice Louvet: And then, to the second part of your question in terms of re-mapping demand, and our focus is, specifically, I guess, on North America. If you look at our go-to-market strategy going forward, it has a few components. First, we want to focus on key cities, all right. And actually, which is to fund in the U.S. as we have a lot of white space opportunities from a key city standpoint. Second is, within each of these key cities, we want to make sure we have a balanced omni-channel ecosystem. And likewise here, we believe there are opportunities to rebalance it. So, what are the key components of it. First is our DTC, second is digital commerce, all right. And digital commerce is four components in our minds. It's ralphlauren.com site, and you heard Jane talk about all the work we're doing to elevate AUR, strengthen profitability, better connect with consumers moving forward. There are pure players, those - the presence is more limited in the U.S., but that business is developing, obviously, much stronger in Europe and in Asia. The third area is wholesale.com, which is very good momentum in the U.S. We're actually very pleased with the progress that we're making with our partners there. We're investing disproportionately additional capabilities with them to further accelerate our performance and enhance brand presence. And fourth is social commerce which is still nascent. So think of this as Instagram checkout, for example. We are now available on Instagram checkout. I think a little anecdote is we're are the first home business actually on Instagram checkout. We expect to see significant growth from these four components of digital commerce. And then, the third element of this plan is the top doors of our wholesale partners. And you've seen over the recent announcement that we have further reduced our footprint in wholesale to really focus even more on those top performing doors where we can both project the brand in a way that's consistent with the image we want to build and also drive the type of profitability that we know we need to achieve within this space. So, that's how we're thinking about it, we're going to leverage targeted marketing in order to guide consumers from those channel - those parts of the business that we are exiting to bring them into the parts of the business that represent the future of the company. And I have to say, over the past few months, we've ramped up our capabilities in terms of CRM consumer segmentation, consumer targeting, and we feel quite good about our ability to leverage this as a way to build our business and get back to growth and value creation in the long term.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: What should we think about it - just a quick modeling question. What should we think about as a sustainable run rate that we should expect for gross margin through this year? And then I have a follow-up, if it's okay.
Jane Nielsen: Well, Michael - well, as you know, we're not giving specific guidance, but I think as you can think about the underlying gross margin expansion, if you look at Q1 in terms of gross margin, about two-thirds of the 730 basis points wasn't almost entirely channel and geography related due to COVID impact. So one-third was really driven by pricing and promotions, and underneath the covers, if you looked at AUR growth, we had our AUR growth in Q3, Q4 and into Q1, was exactly the same. So sort of the eight points that we called out in Q4, we - continued Q3, Q4, Q1, continued. So, we expect gross margin expansion for the year. I do expect there to be some volatility in underlying gross margin as we move through, and we move through some inventory management as we cycle through the year, but we are still calling for gross margin expansion for the year, with the benefits going to the - major benefit is going to be pricing and promotion work that we continue to do, the elevation work that we're doing, and continued benefits from geography, but they're going to be much less significant than what you saw in Q1. Q1, obviously, because of the impact of COVID was out stated. There are some offsets, in terms of FX, was a pressure, and I expect that to continue through the year because of our hedge positions. And some of the liquidation and excess that we move to factory has a higher cost and that has some pressure on gross margin as we move through as well. But those are the dynamics at play. We're very encouraged by our gross margin progress and expect to see it continue.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Thank you. Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs.
Alexandra Walvis: Thanks so much for taking the question here. I wanted to ask a couple of questions on the digital momentum and the digital operating margin. So firstly, can you talk in a little bit more detail on the drivers of that very strong digital operating margin, and where that margin now sits versus the stores and the wholesale? And then, my second question on digital, the North America growth number was a little weaker than the growth in international. I understand that part of that was the discipline that you're showing on pricing and promotions. So I'm wondering how you're thinking about balancing that going forward? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So, Alex, the number one driver of profitability across the regions in digital was our progress on AUR. We had extremely strong AUR, double-digit growth, AUR growth in Q1, led by AUR growth very strong in North America and across Europe. So, very positive, and the largest driver. Obviously, with the digital momentum we saw, we also saw nice SG&A leverage, especially, on our digital commerce sites in EMEA and Asia, where as we called out the comps were up in the 40s, and over 50% in Asia. So, very strong growth leveraging SG&A. We really worked to drive AUR by significantly reducing site wide promotions. We were down 43 days on a - to the quarter last year and the work that we're doing that Patrice called out in terms of personalization, and specific consumer targeting and personalization, we're very encouraged by that. And I think that those results are most notable as you look at into our EMEA results. As you called out, the pressure point in North America for us is our continued work on quality of sales which has pressured our international or Diego consumers, they were down over very strong double-digits. And that was counterbalanced by high teens growth in our domestic consumers. But as I pull apart the performance differences across region, really it is that international consumer that is the challenge point in North America. But very encouraging, over a 1,000 basis points of profitability improvement, led by gross margin and SG&A improvement across all the channels.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Simeon Siegel with BMO Capital Markets.
Simeon Siegel: Hope you're both doing well through all this. Jane, congrats on that AUR and gross margin. Just - so as you look at that ability to drive those numbers on lower ads, did anything change in how you're thinking about the health and size of the business longer-term. And then, Patrice, just as you think about the marketing spend to your earlier point about being able to take share and being well capitalized, just curious on your thoughts on go-forward, how you're going to approach marketing. And then in this hopefully transitory period of meaningful revenue compression, how do you measure the return on marketing during the current period? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, I think that our continued progress, and I'm really calling out underlying AUR growth, gives us even more confidence in our gross margin story, over the long-term, and that the strength of our brand gives us confidence that this continued AUR story is durable over time and into the long-term, and just gives us conviction that we're doing the right work to elevate the brands and elevate our distribution. So, I think it just strengthens our confidence in our future, and the strength of the strategy.
Patrice Louvet: And then, on marketing, specifically, if you see - obviously we're brand builders, first and foremost, right. We're storytellers, that's at the heart of this company, so we wanted to continue to invest in marketing. You've seen our progress over the past few years, progressing from kind of 3% of sales, on our way to at least 5%, and I'd like us to go beyond over time. So we're going to continue that, this year, based on our forecast where you will see a continued progression of marketing investment relative to sales compared to the prior year. When we look at how to structure the marketing activities, I think we're becoming even clearer now based on what we're seeing with consumers and what they're responding to, that this two-pronged approach is really working well for us. First element of the plan is really the storytelling around purpose, values based communication, whether that's first Polo, Pride, the flag stores picked activities that we did, recently, the support on diversity and inclusions, we're going to continue to drive that. And then, coupled with very targeted TRM digital marketing, and again the ambition here is to be able to do ultimately one-to-one marketing, so that the message you get, the way the site looks when you get on it is perfectly tailored to you, your profile, your history with us, your centers of interest, and I think we're making good progress there. In terms of measurement, which is near and dear to my heart, we've made good progress on a few capabilities. First of all, ROI, obviously, is the first lens that we look at, all right. And in some activities it's easy to calculate, on others, it's a little more complicated. So we couple that with new measurement that we have now on awareness, brand consideration, and purchase intent scores, which we're able to track in all of our core markets for ourselves versus the past, and versus our competitive set. And I actually feel very good, one, about our ability to measure. And two, about the progress that we are making based on what we saw this past quarter on all three of those metrics.
Jane Nielsen: And Simeon, I just wanted to add some context to marketing spend, down 34% this quarter. But let me tell you, we remain very committed to increasing our marketing investments and growing our marketing investments faster than sales growth. In Q1, while our marketing declined, we anticipate that some of - that much of that is a shift as some of our key marketing events such as the Olympics and Wimbledon shifted out. So, you will see some of that shift for FY '21, and it will underscore our commitment to growing marketing faster than sales.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask about career, tailored, dress-you looks. Ralph Lauren's obviously a brand that has quite a heritage of tailored. Have you talked about the percentage of total trends in that business given what's happening with work-from-home? And then, Patrice, did you say in your comments around racial injustice that the company is thinking about evolving how it represents the American dream? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: So, product categories, first. Yes, obviously, we're selling less tuxedos and evening gowns right now, then maybe, we were prior to the crisis. Here's what we're excited about, Omar, is we are a lifestyle brand, right. So we're not pigeon-holed into tailored clothing or pigeon-holed into evening attire. We have the ability to play credibly across athleisure, across home, across - wear-at-home categories. And I think, we've been able to flex during the past quarter and as we look at our investments moving forward, we're obviously being very close to where the consumer behavior and where the consumer interests are. And making sure that we align perfectly to that, and I think we're able to do it in a way that's incredible. So, I feel good about that, and I think we will be able to navigate this crisis by flexing up and down based on where the consumer is really interested in going. As far as portraying the American dream is concerned, absolutely. I think, obviously, all the conversations we've had with our Black African-American colleagues inside the company, since the murder of George Floyd, and the discussions on racial injustice, and systemic racism, along with the conversations we had with the communities that we operate in, clearly, encouraged us to evolve how we project the American dream. How do we - what are the stories that we tell, what are the creators that we portray, how do we show up in a way that's really core to who we are fundamentally from a value standpoint, but evolve the execution to make sure that everywhere we connect with consumers, it is relevant in a 2020-2025 world.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Last question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: My question is around the wholesale channel. I think you referenced that you closed 200 lower performing doors in the quarter. Can you just expound upon what doors you've closed. And then, as you reassess your wholesale footprint, are there further points you see yourself pruning, not just here in North America, but also in U.S. Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: So, our guiding principle, in terms of wholesale presence is really the combination of - and the brand show up in a way that is consistent with the image we want to build, and is the location financially attractive. So yes, as you mentioned, we've closed a bit more than 200 different locations in the U.S. over the past few months. It's pretty spread out, Erinn, across the different partners, right, including the one that declared bankruptcy, yesterday. But fully generalized, really looking at what are the top doors at our key partners and that's where we want to disproportionately focus. And then, we also want to work with them to accelerate even further digital commerce performance. As far as, what does the future entail, listen, we're going to stay agile, we're going to stay close to the market, we're going to stay close to our consumers, and we'll adjust as needed. We are finding that this significant intervention is what's needed at this point. So, I don't anticipate a major change in the coming months. But, obviously, we know in this time of uncertainty and disruption, the agile and the resilience are the ones that win, and we want to be part of that group.
Erinn Murphy: Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, listen, thank you to everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to sharing our second quarter fiscal '21 results with you this fall. And in the meantime, take good care and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-05-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees. And our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Corinna. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's call. The spread of COVID-19 around the world has been devastating, and our thoughts are with the many impacted by the virus. The pandemic has not only affected our organization and recent financial performance, but it has had unprecedented consequences on the communities we operate in around the world. Under these extraordinary circumstances, our teams have responded to the call with agility and resilience working tirelessly from their living rooms and kitchen tables across time zones. Ralph and I want to recognize and thank them for their dedication and commitment. Our objective is to emerge from this period stronger than we came into it. And before we review our recent financial performance, I want to spend some time on the actions we are taking to ensure we not only endure through this crisis but are positioned to thrive long-term. From the start of the outbreak, we moved quickly to protect the safety and wellbeing of our employees, consumers, and communities. This included widespread store and office closures led by Asia in late January, followed by Europe and North America in March. Like many of you, we are working in new ways across the company, including working from home, and we've implemented new health and safety measures where that is not possible. We also took proactive steps to ensure the long-term financial health of our business, including expense reductions, further strengthening our balance sheet and liquidity, and pivoting our supply chain to adjust inventories to changing demand. Meanwhile, we accelerated efforts to drive sales to our digital ecosystem as consumers stayed home. On the expense side, we've been addressing our most significant fixed cost around the world. This includes ongoing work with our landlords to negotiate rent relief and pausing all new store build-outs. We reduced corporate expenses, including a freeze on our global travel and hiring during the crisis. And in April we announced pay cuts for executives, Board, and me along with furloughing or flexing down a significant number of our employees across the company. Ralph is foregoing his bonus for fiscal 2020 and his entire salary for fiscal 2021. We have also focused on delivering on our purpose in the communities in which we operate. For example, in March we donated $10 million toward emergency COVID relief through our Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation. These funds will support the COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund, our longstanding partners in cancer care, our employee relief fund to support Ralph Lauren employees in need, and the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund for COVID-19 relief. We also mobilized our teams and supply chain to deliver 250,000 masks and 50,000 isolation gowns to support medical staff. And we are providing 1.5 million units of comfort apparel, hundreds of meals and even Ralph's Coffee for frontline workers across many of our key markets. Next, I want to share some perspective on our experience managing through COVID in mainland China over the past few months. As we prepare to reopen markets around the world, we're applying learnings and strategies from China where the recent recovery gives us confidence that we are making the right decisions now to position our company for long-term, sustainable growth and value creation. We started the quarter with strong, continued momentum in mainland China, our fastest growing market, with sales up more than 35% in January driven by all of our direct-to-consumer channels. By early February, we closed nearly all of our stores in the market due to COVID. We took early strategic actions across marketing and distribution in China, which we have applied in our other markets as the pandemic continued to spread. First, we quickly shifted our marketing to focus on optimistic messages around family, togetherness, and giving, values that have always been an authentic part of who we are. We partnered with celebrities like J. J. Lin, Jim, and Wang Leehom to amplify our messaging. This content resonated well with our consumers across Asia, driving over 124 million video views and a 33% increase in positive brand mentions on social media in Q4 versus Q3. Second, we accelerated our digital and omnichannel capabilities in China in the fourth quarter to better serve our consumers during the store closures and beyond. We were excited to launch digital clienteling, with virtual appointments and customized filing recommendations based on shopper's previous purchases. This program helped to mitigate traffic declines and leverage store inventories while consumers stayed home. We expanded our Buy Online-Ship From Store program to provide greater convenience and limit face-to-face interactions as stores reopen. These initiatives, combined with our digital marketing, drove a 76% increase in China digital sales in the fourth quarter, significantly outperforming the broader apparel industry in February and March. These programs are being tested and rolled out in North America and Europe. And over the coming weeks, we're exploring other contactless options like curbside pickup and self-checkout in many locations. As our China stores reopened in early March, we implemented new safety measures across our stores, offices and distribution centers to protect both our employees and consumers. Store measures include frequent deep cleanings, providing masks for employees and strongly encouraging them for shoppers, and limiting capacity inside our stores to ensure social distancing. While our digital business led the recovery in Mainland China with a return to pre-COVID growth rates in March, we were encouraged by the recovery in our brick-and-mortar stores resulting from these omnichannel and in-store programs. We saw steady improvement in Mainland sales from high-double-digit declines in February at the peak of our closures, ramping back to positive growth in early May. We expect Mainland China to return to pre-COVID growth trends by Q2.  Although we expect the shape and timing of recovery curves to look different in each market, our experience and lessons from China are informing our actions across the rest of Asia, Europe and North America. Despite challenging conditions around the world, I strongly believe this crisis is creating opportunities for our business to emerge leaner, more agile, and ultimately take market share. All of this is enabled by the strength of our balance sheet and our brands, coupled with the ingenuity and commitment of our diverse global teams. Turning now to fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results. While COVID-19 was clearly the biggest headwind we faced this year, we were encouraged by our underlying progress on our Next Great Chapter plan prior to the pandemic with our business on track to exceed top and bottom line targets. Our brand elevation work, inclusive of product, marketing, and distribution, came together to deliver positive AUR growth across all three regions for both the quarter and the year. And while the future remains relatively uncertain, we are confident that the key strategic pillars of our Next Great Chapter plan still hold true. Let me touch briefly on a few of these areas. First, in our efforts to win over a new generation, we have created unique and lasting connections with consumers over the first three years of our plan. And we believe that now more than ever is the time to build on this momentum and solidify our iconic brand leadership. Globally, Ralph Lauren brand consideration accelerated through the fourth quarter and into April, outperforming our benchmark peers in each region. Our total social media followers surpassed 43 million in the fourth quarter, a double-digit increase to last year. This was led by very strong increases on TikTok, one of the fastest-growing social media platforms for Gen Z. While we only launched TikTok last summer, we were encouraged that we've already established ourselves as one of the top three luxury brands on the platform. Going forward, as markets reopen, we will continue to focus on the type of values-based messaging that is resonating with consumers across geographies. This work will be underpinned by the targeted personalized marketing that we started earlier this year to drive higher quality of sales. Our brands are defined by values like optimism, quality and togetherness, which are especially relevant in the current context. We will continue to tap into these authentic values to drive momentum across digital and social channels in fiscal 2021. Second, we continue to energize our core products and accelerate our high-potential, underdeveloped categories this year, led by outerwear and denim. Starting with Ralph's original vision, it has never been just about one category or one item, but rather it's about a lifestyle, which means we can credibly flex across our breadth of products and categories as consumer behaviors change. And with the emergence of COVID, we have seen consumers gravitate towards the simple and true luxuries in life: family, togetherness, the outdoors. Within our assortments, this has translated to stronger sales of comfort categories such as loungewear, athleisure and home. In addition, the competitive advantage of our well-established core is becoming even more evident. Over the course of this year, we had rebalanced our assortments towards core products, which have faster lead times and less markdown risks versus seasonal fashion items that only live for one season. As the industry grapples with excess spring inventory due to COVID, our increased penetration of core gives us more strategic flexibility to work through our inventories and drive AUR growth. With regards to our third key initiative, targeted expansion, we continue to build out our ecosystem approach of a cohesive, brand-elevating Ralph Lauren experience across retail, wholesale and digital commerce around the world in fiscal 2020. Prior to COVID, we opened 25 net new stores and concessions globally. This included 18 net openings in China, our fastest-growing market. While we are carefully evaluating our footprint across direct-to-consumer and wholesale channels in this rapidly evolving environment, we continue to see significant long-term opportunities for our brands in underpenetrated markets, led by China and parts of Europe. Our fourth key initiative is lead with digital. Earlier, I talked about how we accelerated digital and omnichannel initiatives in China this quarter, which are now being implemented in other parts of the world. In addition, we continue to expand our global digital commerce presence across new platforms and partnerships, including our April launch on Instagram Checkout, our first social commerce platform in North America, and we are launching our digital commerce site soon in Japan. We're also making meaningful strides in digitizing how we work, which is an important part of our journey to drive faster lead times, minimize physical waste and reduce costs. In fiscal 2020, we launched our digital library and 3D design studio. This represents a major milestone for our company as it will eventually enable us to digitize our entire end-to-end process from product development all the way to how we communicate with our consumers. We started this process by digitizing all of our Polo core styles, raw materials and trims onto a digital library. Starting in fiscal 2021, we will create 3D prototypes for all of our core Polo products, replacing traditional physical samples. We've already created thousands of 3D prototypes in fiscal 2020, and it's only the beginning, especially as our teams learn to work in new ways from home. And lastly, touching on our initiatives of operating with discipline to fuel growth. A key element of our long-term plan has been to balance growth with productivity, which includes driving a culture of cost discipline across our organization. This has come into even greater focus in the context of COVID as we drive deeper near-term expense reductions and align our cost structure and inventories through a shifting retail landscape. The pandemic has also highlighted the importance of continuing our journey to integrate citizenship and sustainability into our business. We started this fiscal year by launching our Design the Change strategy, outlining our commitments to create more sustainable products, reduce our overall environmental footprint across our operations, and support and empower our teams and partners around the world. Some key achievements this year included reaching our gender parity goal of equal representation in our leadership positions at the VP level and above more than three years ahead of our target; the launch of our Earth Polo shirt made entirely from recycled plastic bottles; a new commitment to power all of our globally-owned and operated offices, distribution centers and stores with 100% renewable electricity by 2025. And building upon that, we are now in the process of setting science-based greenhouse gas reduction targets, which we will detail in this June's annual Design the Change report. In addition, as suppliers around the world struggle with large-scale order cancellations in response to COVID, we reaffirmed our commitment to pay for all finished goods and goods already in production this spring. We are working with our partners to develop new sources of support and long-term job security for factory workers as we look to strengthen our supply chain partnerships not just for the upcoming season, but for years to come. In closing, over the course of more than 50 years, our company has endured many challenging times, and the current crisis will certainly not be the last. Our purpose of inspiring the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style rings as true today as it did when Ralph started this business. And it will continue to guide us in these moments as we make tough decisions in the short term to protect the integrity and health of our brands, so that we emerge from this challenging period in a position of strength. The foundational work that we have done to put the consumer at the center of everything we do, elevate our brands and balance growth and productivity all while maintaining a strong balance sheet, has positioned us well to manage through the current environment. And we are privileged to have one of the greatest assets of all, the strength of our timeless global brand. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. This quarter's performance was a study in contrast. We started the spring season with strong continued momentum on our brand elevation journey, with AUR and margins exceeding our expectations as we delivered improved merchandising, expanded digital capabilities and elevated marketing and continued the rollout of targeted pricing increases across channels. This was followed by a very sudden decline in sales as we closed stores across Asia, followed by Europe and North America in accordance with guidelines from government and local health authorities. While our teams remain committed to our long-term strategy centered around brand elevation and targeted expansion, we are focused on managing through the near term so that we can emerge from this crisis stronger than we came into it and pivot quickly back to growth. We started by leveraging some key strengths: a healthy balance sheet, strong liquidity, focused execution, all made possible by our passionate and agile teams. Now more than ever, our strong balance sheet is a source of competitive advantage, giving us resilience and flexibility to continue executing our plan and elevate our brand during challenging times. We ended fiscal 2020 with $2.1 billion in cash and investments and $1.2 billion in total debt, which compares to $2 billion in cash and investments and $689 million in debt at the end of last year. Given the uncertain environment created by COVID-19, we announced several measures to preserve cash and strengthen liquidity. Building on what Patrice shared, these include: First, flexing our costs where possible to align to our top line and carefully managing ongoing expenses and investments to a variable demand outlook. We are currently evaluating what the right operating cost structure and distribution footprint should be across retail and wholesale as we enter a new normal. Second, a reduction in planned capital expenditures to approximately $175 million to $200 million in fiscal 2021. Third, in order to maximize our liquidity, we have temporarily suspended share buybacks. We will also temporarily suspend our dividend following the April payment that was declared in early March. This is a proactive measure to preserve cash, and our Board will revisit this quarterly as we move through the pandemic. And lastly, we drew down $475 million from our revolver in the quarter and are considering additional capital measures to bolster our cash balance. Net inventory at the end of fiscal 2020 was down 10% to last year. The decline largely reflected a significant increase in inventory reserves of about $160 million to keep our inventories aligned with demand and continue our brand elevation as we move forward. Our teams are managing an unprecedented situation, but we are confident that we are taking the right strategic approach to work down excess spring 2020 product while also positioning the company for future growth. Similar to our previous practices, we will also take a targeted approach to clearing excess merchandise. First, with the majority of the traditional spring 2020 selling season lost to COVID closures, our merchants are taking the opportunity to better align our assortments to consumer behavior. As stores reopen, we will extend the season to focus on Wear-Now Styles from June through August in order to maximize full price selling and mitigate markdown risk. This includes shifting some of this season's product to warmer weathers markets. Second, we plan to reassort a portion of our finished products into upcoming seasonal collections, including full price and factory channels. A key benefit of our classic timeless aesthetic is that many of our iconic styles resonate with consumers season-after-season. This merchandise is in pristine condition in our warehouses and has not yet been seen by consumers. While requiring us to hold some inventories longer than usual, this should drive strong AURs and margins once these products are brought to market and enable us to drive our AUR growth trajectory as quickly as possible. Third, we will utilize the full range of our channels to clear product, including targeted markdowns where product is already on selling floors, our factory stores and off-price wholesale. We have also committed to 1.5 million units of product donations to support medical workers across our three regions. We anticipate this process will take longer than a broad strokes end-of-season liquidation. However, our inventory reserve process aligns our inventories to expected demand. This was evident in our reserve actions in the fourth quarter. This process allows our teams to move strategically through inventories while protecting the health of our brands. And lastly, as we look forward, our work to reduce lead times has been a benefit under the current circumstances, enabling our teams to cancel a substantial portion of our shipments for the fall season, about 2/3 of our seasonal buys. Our shorter lead times on core product and fast-track capability launched last holiday will enable us to get quickly back into inventories as demand returns, while limiting our exposure to additional excess inventory risks. Moving on to our fourth quarter performance. Fourth quarter revenues declined 15% on a reported basis and 14% in constant currency. Prior to COVID, our business was on track to deliver positive revenue and comp growth for both the quarter and the full year. Our digital ecosystem, including our directly-operated flagship sites, department store dot-com, digital pure plays and social commerce, increased mid-single digits in the fourth quarter and high single digits for the full year in constant currency. This was driven by strong double-digit growth in Asia and Europe for both periods. Meanwhile, North America improved from flat performance in the first half to mid-single-digit growth in the second half of the year, as planned, all despite COVID-related disruptions. Adjusted gross margin was 59.1% in the fourth quarter compared to 60.1% last year. Continued improvement in pricing and promotions was more than offset by foreign currency headwinds and unfavorable geographic mix due to lower sales in Asia and Europe. AUR growth of 8% continued to exceed our expectations. SG&A declined 2% to last year on lower selling expenses and marketing and a modest amount of rent relief achieved in the quarter, primarily from Asia. Adjusted operating loss for the fourth quarter was $43 million compared to operating income of $96 million last year. Marketing declined 8% in constant currency as we shifted the timing of investments back into the Q3 holiday period and reduced performance marketing while stores were closed. For the full year, marketing growth of 3% continued to outpace our top line growth as we work to win over a new generation of consumers. Moving on to segment performance, starting with North America. Revenue decreased 11% to last year. Retail comps declined 13%, driven by a 15% decline in bricks-and-mortar comps and a 7% decline in our own digital comps. Brick-and-mortar comps were impacted by significant traffic declines as foreign tourist traffic slowed and we closed all stores in March. Prior to the outbreak, however, the full price and factory comps were trending up mid- to high single digits in January and February, driven by AUR growth and improved product assortments. AUR for the quarter was up low double digits across our brick-and-mortar fleet, driven by our continued rollout of targeted ticket price increases, reduced promotional cadence and stronger product mix. Comps in our North America directly-operated digital commerce business were down 7%. Traffic and conversion were negatively impacted by two proactive decisions on our part. First, with the onset of COVID in March, we suspended all promotional activity and performance-driven marketing to our site as our employees and consumers focused on their safety and well-being. Second, we temporarily closed our U.S. distribution center in late March for deep cleaning and new safety protocols. While our site was still technically operational, delayed order fulfillment negatively impacted our conversion rates. As we resumed our marketing activities and limited DC operations in April, we saw a meaningful improvement in both digital traffic and comps. In North America wholesale, fourth quarter revenue declined 12%. Prior to store closures in mid-March, our sell-out performance was improving slightly on a year-over-year basis to down mid-single digits, driven by rebalanced assortments and improved product offering. The additional declines were driven by order cancellations in the last few weeks of March as our customers closed stores due to COVID. Moving on to Europe. Fourth quarter revenue declined 19% on a reported basis and 16% in constant currency. Europe retail comps declined 16%, driven by an 18% decrease in our brick-and-mortar stores and a 2% decrease in our owned digital commerce sites. Across our Europe direct-to-consumer channels, our ongoing effort to elevate the brand and improve product mix continued in the fourth quarter, with AUR up 10%. This is consistent with our long-term strategy to drive higher quality of sales and price harmonization in the marketplace. Digital commerce comps on our own site were pressured by a temporary closure of our distribution center and a pause on product-driven marketing due to COVID, similar to North America. Total digital ecosystem sales grew double digits in constant currency, driven by performance in both wholesale.com and digital pure plays. Europe wholesale revenue declined 18% in constant currency, driven by COVID-related pressures at bricks-and-mortar stores. These declines were partially offset by strong double-digit growth in our digital pure play and wholesale.com businesses. Turning to Asia. Revenue declined 22% on a reported basis and 21% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. AUR increased high single digits as our product and marketing initiatives continue to resonate well in the region. While performance varied by market, we saw the biggest percentage declines in Mainland China, the epicenter of the pandemic, where the majority of our stores were closed for about five weeks. Brick-and-mortar sales trends improved sequentially from trough levels in February turning positive in early May. Despite significant challenges from store closures across Asia, we were encouraged by continued momentum in our digital businesses in the quarter, with our digital ecosystem up high teens driven by strong momentum in China and Korea. Looking ahead, as we navigate the current environment, we remain, first and foremost, committed to the safety of our employees, partners and consumers. Due to the high level of uncertainty and the evolving situation surrounding COVID-19, we are suspending future guidance. We expect our financial results for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2021 to be significantly negatively impacted by the pandemic. In the near term, we are focused on positioning the company to get back to sustainable growth and value creation as quickly as possible. This includes preserving balance sheet strength, aligning our cost base in inventories to the new normal and optimizing our distribution, all while protecting the health of our brands. Though the timing and path of recovery in each market presents many uncertainties, we have developed scenarios through which we plan to safely return our businesses to growth. As Patrice outlined, China was our first market to emerge from business closures, laying out a path to normalization, and we will leverage many of these key learnings as we reopen around the world. In closing, we are proud of the focus, agility and passion our teams have demonstrated through personally and professionally challenging times. We believe the Ralph Lauren brand has momentum. We have the right strategic priorities and the discipline to manage through this period and emerge in a position of strength. Now as ever, we are proud to have an iconic brand and to be led by Ralph's creative vision. This has endured the test of time. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Good morning everyone. Hope everyone is safe and healthy.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning Dana.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Dana.
Dana Telsey: Good morning. One for Patrice and one for Jane. Patrice, as you think about, how are you adapting your Next Great Chapter strategy to the new global retail environment and the changing behavior coming out of COVID? And then one for Jane. Can you please help me put together the first quarter into context for us or provide any assistance with the cadence on the rest of the year? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Great. Dana, thank you for your question. So let me start by saying that, fortunately, we actually entered this crisis in a position of strength and with momentum, right? We have a solid balance sheet and cash position. We've been expanding our direct-to-consumer and digital presence. We've created a more flexible and diversified global supply chain. And we have a brand that credibly flexes across categories, underpinned by values that are really resonating in this moment. Think timelessness, optimism, togetherness, trust. We've also done a lot prior to the crisis to build agility and resilience in our teams, and this is obviously now more relevant than ever. So given the solid foundation, we believe we ultimately have an opportunity to gain market share as we emerge from this crisis. With respect to our Next Great Chapter strategy, the strategic pillars of our plan completely hold true today in the current environment, but there's a clear opportunity to accelerate some of the priorities. Let me give you three examples. There are many more, but the three I would highlight are: first, continuing to accelerate digital, right? We transformed our digital selling platforms over the last three years, new e-commerce platform, new OMS system, mobile personalization and connected retail streams. So we have a strong infrastructure in place when it comes to digital commerce and connected retail. We're fast tracking and scaling new digital capabilities like digital clienteling and other forms of virtual selling. And we're encouraged by our progress and early reads so far, including understanding what we've done in China recently. The second thing I'd call out is assessing our store footprint. So we still believe in the role of the store, and we're encouraged by the early connected retail interventions like curbside pickup, for example, but we're going to continue to review our store portfolio in the context of our omnichannel strategy. And especially within North America wholesale, this means continuing to concentrate on our most productive brick-and-mortar doors, which are generally the top doors of our wholesale partners anyhow, as we also grow select wholesale.com opportunities. And the third example I would call out, Dana, is around scaling new ways of working for us. And we've been able to do things in weeks and days that typically would have taken us months or years to do. This includes our ability to work remotely around the world, continuing to digitize our end-to-end value chain and also driving a culture of cost discipline, which is obviously critical in the current environment that we're in. So the strategic pillars of our Next Great Chapter plan still hold true in this environment. We are feeling actually quite good about that, but there's a clear opportunity to accelerate some of the priorities, some of which I just called out for you. And then I think, Jane, you will cover the Q1 question.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Dana, we're not giving guidance for Q1, but let me just give you some color and shape about how we're thinking about it. We expect right now that Q1 will be the quarter with the most significant impact from COVID as we see it now. On an order-of-magnitude basis, consider Q1 in contrast to Q4. In Q4, we had two weeks of closures approximately versus about eight to ten weeks of closures in Q1. And even after opening stores, we've seen a gradual and elongated recovery period. As you look across every region, we expect the impact of COVID to be most pronounced in Q1. I think that's probably very clear for North America and Europe, where we were closed almost the entirety of April and May, with stores just starting to come back online. Today, a little less than 50% of North America stores are now open. And in Europe, which is a bit further ahead, about two thirds of the stores are now open, but all with  operating with reduced hours, reduced traffic and with new social distancing requirements. Compared to our experience in Mainland China and Korea, we do expect a more prolonged recovery with improvement over time. And obviously, this is going to vary by market. In Asia, which was ahead of the curve and where we're 90% open, we still will see the biggest impact in Q1 where markets like Japan, Southeast Asia and Australia and even parts of China saw large COVID impacts in the first quarter. We are encouraged by the way that the digital sales are leading as infrastructure opens, and our teams are very clear that opening stores is the first step to getting back to comp growth. So we're all focused on that and prioritizing that. And just as you think about expenses in FY2021 from a cadence standpoint, from a cost perspective, as you saw in our 8-K, we took substantial actions as we closed out the fourth quarter. We furloughed about 80% of our workforce in April, and this will continue through June. And as we begin to ramp back up, employees and infrastructure to support sales in late June, and we'll stage  we'll stage that with  as demand stabilizes. But our largest SG&A reductions will be in Q1 and a little bit over 25%, and then it will moderate for  the reductions will moderate there as demand stabilizes. So a little bit of color on the quarter and our expectations in what we're seeing in the market for the year.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Jane Nielsen: Hi Matt.
Jane Nielsen: May be well go to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Heather Balsky with Bank of America.
Heather Balsky: Hi, thank you for taking my questions.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning Heather.
Heather Balsky: Good morning. In terms of my question, there's a lot now regarding the wholesale channel and how you're partnering and responding both right now. And as you look to the back half of this year and into 2021, calendar 2021, can you just talk about how you see that channel potentially ramping in terms of the recovery and what you can do to manage through the additional uncertainty in terms of them closing stores and tightly managing inventory? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So as I step back and we look at kind of our long-term plan and strategy, we expect the bulk of our growth to come from direct-to-consumer and wholesale.com. As far as brick-and-mortar wholesale is concerned, our focus is really on making sure, as it has been over the past couple of years actually, that we are in the right locations in a way that is brand-enhancing and financially attractive, right? So this will likely mean that as we work through the year with our partners, we will be calling some of the smaller doors, working with them. Importantly, for all of you on the call, these recent bankruptcies from JCPenney's and Neiman Marcus actually don't impact us. Our business is nonexistent at JCPenney's and relatively small at Neiman Marcus. But I'd say, Heather, our emphasis is really, when it comes to the wholesale space, wholesale.com, which has got nice momentum, and we're building capabilities with our partners and then making sure that we have the right footprint going forward in that space.
Jane Nielsen: And what we've seen is that as we closed out in March together in partnership with our wholesale partners, we stopped a number of shipments to make sure that our inventory levels remained in good balance, knowing that they would face closures as we did. So we feel good about where our inventories are. We are planning conservatively as we move into the hot fall season. But the good news is as demand develops, because of our case capabilities and our ability to refill from core, we feel we have the flexibility to meet demand with our wholesale partners as it evolves without needing  without  while managing inventories tightly and maintaining a good full price selling environment.
Heather Balsky: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. Will try this again.
Patrice Louvet: It works. Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Boss: Patrice, maybe as we think about and measure the strength of the Ralph brand as you see it today, what are you seeing in April and May e-commerce trends as we think about the U.S. and Europe? Jane, I think you talked about a meaningful improvement. Have you seen trends return to positive territory? And then with more than half of your stores now reopened, what kind of initial productivity are you seeing at brick-and-mortar so far to start back in the reopening process?
Patrice Louvet: Good. So I guess starting at high level on brand perception. We've actually been really encouraged by how our performance on consideration has increased during this crisis. So quantitative measures, both in Asia, Europe and North America, where across all three regions we've seen brand consideration scores go up over the past few weeks. We attribute that to all the work that we've done on values communication and also all the philanthropic work that we've done across the region. So feeling that we've got good tailwinds there. As far as e-commerce is concerned, we  let me start east first. I guess, we're feeling very good about the performance in China. I think you heard us say February, March, up 76% while the overall sector was down, so we were gaining share in that environment. We can give you some color on the specific weeks for March and April, which Jane will give you. But I think overall, with all the new capabilities that we've put in place, whether that's digital clienteling, whether that's all the connected retail capabilities, we are encouraged by the progress we're making on dot-com. And I was joking with the team last week that actually, at this point, given the stores are not fully opened yet, we are, to some extent, a digital pure player because that's our biggest business today.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Matt, let me give you some color on what we've seen on a quarter-to-date basis across the regions. APAC, as we said, we closed out Q4 very strong across Asia on our e-commerce business, and that has only built. So April and into May, we've seen very strong and positive e-commerce trends closing out in the  sometimes, we've seen rates of triple-digit growth in APAC, so very strong. In Europe, while we did see some  we reported down 3% on our own platform in Q4. As we've come out and especially as we closed out April, and I think people saw the end of the crisis, we've been seeing very strong trends across Europe. So we've had double  solid double-digit growth in Europe on a very high quality of sales number where we're seeing double-digit growth in AUR on our e-commerce site in Europe. So strong quality of sales and strong momentum. North America, which is probably the furthest behind in regions in terms of store openings terms of store openings and recovery, we reported down 7% in the fourth quarter. And it's really been in May that we've started to see e-commerce back to solid and double-digit growth, but it's been building on a week-over-week basis, so encouraging there. So we do see, as our stores open, digital leads and it starts to build over time. As we've gotten  we're sort of in the early days, if you will, in terms of store opening productivity, 50% open in North America and really very early on that journey, two-thirds open in Europe. Still early days on that journey which makes our experience anecdotal. I can tell you, in China, as stores reopened, traffic remained weak in the initial weeks but with strong conversion. So buyers who are coming to the store were motivated and ADTs, average daily transactions, average value transactions were up strongly. Conversion was up strongly and AUR has continued to be up strongly. I can give you some  we're not  it's early days, but I can tell you, as we think about our trajectory in  overall in Asia, that it will be different in North America. But coming out of January, we saw  if I think about the Asia, we were up strongly in January, up 40%. February saw the biggest declines, down well over 80%. March, we started to recover, digital sales started to come back. In April, sales were down high single digits. And so far in May, we're really encouraged by the improvements. Everything was turning positive in early May as Beijing and other larger cities' restrictions lifted, and we expect to be strongly back to growth in Q2 of this year in Mainland China. So encouraged by that trajectory. Don't expect to be a cookie-cutter approach across the regions, but that's what we've seen so far.
Matthew Boss: Thats great. Thank you. Best of luck.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Matt.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Sussie.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys Thanks for all the details. I want to ask you two things. I guess, first on the inventory and the write-off and the decision to exclude some of that from the gross margin line in the quarter. I think that's a little different than how we've seen some others in the sector treating it. So maybe a little bit on how you got to the $160 million number. How did that inventory get treated on the P&L as you sell-through it? And maybe just a little bit of help on how to think about what we're going to see as you move through that in the first quarter. And then separately, on the AUR, I guess, a longer-term question, but this has been the real engine behind your revenue and gross profit dollar growth for several years. You've mentioned it a lot of times today. Now the apparel world is about to go on a huge sale, given what we've heard around the space. I have no doubt you'll tell me the AUR story continues to be critical to the long term. But maybe you could just help us think about what adjustments you need to think about in the near term given the state of inventory in the channel, the level of markdowns that seem like they're coming across the space, the store closures we know about in the brick-and-mortar world, et cetera. Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. That's a power-packed question, so let me take it one layer at a time. Let me step back and tell you why we decided to report both our NRV reserve and our bad debt as a non-GAAP item. We believe that it is entirely related to the experience of COVID, where we lost a selling season. So it's not a business as usual NRV reserve. It was significant. The process that we went through as a team was we took stock of all of our inventory flows, our commitments at suppliers on a fabric basis, and then went back to our strategy and said, what can we reasonably move through to continue our quality of sales journey with our own liquidation channels, with stretching the seasons while moving into warmer-weather channels and reassorting the line in coming seasons? And then what do we remain with? And how do we reserve appropriately to protect the AUR and gross margin progress that we've done to date. So we really looked at it, a complete life cycle view. That's not a different process. We've been doing that process for well over two years. The magnitude and the onetime impact was greater. So we  that's why we reflected it. If our NRV reserve is too small or too great, we will take that on what we reserved, we will take that also on a non-GAAP basis below the line, so that you and our investors can track our true progress on gross margin as we move through this COVID environment. So that's our rationale. We'll take  if there is better selling, then you'll see an adjustment on a non-GAAP item in NRV. As a good vendor, I want to remind you that we know that we have made a commitment to pay for products that were perhaps cut but we did not have ownership of in Q1. There will be some reflection of that in Q1. The magnitude we'll disclose in Q1. As I look at overall the  your question on the AUR story, you're exactly right. You know me well. We are continuing this AUR journey. And that is  and that was really behind some of the actions you saw us take in the fourth quarter. We're committed to it. And so we took an inventory reserve that protects that. I think the good news is that the long-term drivers of AUR growth are still intact. We're elevating our product, we're elevating our marketing, and we're elevating our shopping experience. We have shown that we can take strategic price increases and have a positive consumer reaction. That  Q3, we posted 8% AUR. Q4, we were able to maintain 8% AUR. I'm not guiding, but I expect that our AUR journey that's consistent with our long-term guidance in FY 2021, low-single-digit to mid-single-digit will continue through this year. Will it be more variable? Perhaps, but we have a clear idea of what we need to do to move through our inventory positions. Part of that will be that we are keeping inventory in our warehouses to reassort it into the line that our designers are working on right now. So that we have a cohesive line in spring and get full price sell through on some of that product. And we're really having success in targeting promotions more effectively and more efficiently. We've been able to reduce promotion days. And this personalization is proving highly effective as a lever to drive AUR. North America in the fourth quarter had AURs up 10%, so really significant and positive growth there. So we have every intent to continue that journey. So we are excited about that, know that there's some variability, but we feel our actions in the fourth quarter and our plans for this year are completely consistent with our continued AUR journey. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning, Patrice, Jane, Cory. Glad, you're all doing well.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Ike.
Patrice Louvet: Hi.
Ike Boruchow: I guess just two from me. So you gave a lot of helpful color, Jane, on the U.S. reopening  I think  just maybe more enclosed mall. I don't know if you have enough of a sample size, but I'm kind of curious if you have differing results on reopening volume there. And then you talked about off price exposure, kind of coming up a little bit. You guys have spoken about bringing that down for the past couple of years. Does the new world we're in right now kind of change your thought process on that? Do you kind of need to go back to the off-price channel in a bigger way because of what's going on in the wholesale channel in the U.S.? Would love your thoughts there as well.
Patrice Louvet: Good. So let's start with your first question on open-air malls versus kind of closed malls. Yes, we have seen a difference between open-air malls and closed mall. Open-air malls, obviously, rebounding faster. And to  just to give you a sense of the split of our business with kind of open-air malls and open-air stores versus closed in North America and in Europe, the vast majority of our stores are actually an open-air environment, I think 85% to 90%. So I think from that standpoint, we're actually well positioned as consumers are more comfortable shopping in that space. And then over time, they'll become more comfortable with the closed space, but the vast majority of our business is in open-air. And then in off price, Jane, over to you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So I got you. In this quarter, our off-price sales were down on a year-over-year basis. And so that's a combination of working with our partners and we had some excess liquidation. But as I move into next year, we see that that channel will continue to be an opportunity for excess liquidation and it will not be a part of our growth trajectory. I expect it to decline this year on a year-over-year basis. And we worked through  how we're going to work through the inventory by leaning into what we talked about in terms of reassorting the line, extending wear-now season, charitable donations and of course liquidating some excess through, off price, but I don't expect it to be a growth area of our business. Next question, please.
Ike Boruchow: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.
Jay Sole: Great. Thanks so much. I have two questions. One, Patrice, you mentioned at the top of the call, you're focused on denim this year. A lot of people have been talking about categories like denim maybe  have been a little bit less popular with consumers focusing on, things to wear at home or things to exercise in. And so can you maybe just tell us a little bit more about how you think this pandemic will change consumers outlook on denim? And then secondly, given that a lot of talk about the wholesale channel and maybe some store closures out there, how do you feel about your full-price store model in the U.S.? I think instead of rolling out more full-price stores, do you feel comfortable that you have a plan to do that if you need to at this point? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Jay. So let's start with the product categories. We are tracking very closely kind of consumer interest across different categories. And you're right that we've seen an acceleration in loungewear, an acceleration in athleisure, we've also seen an acceleration in the home business. The good news with our brand is we're a lifestyle brand, right? So we're not focused only on one category. We actually have a broad range of offerings. And I think we're credible across a broad range of categories. So we will  we have actually started to pivot. If you go on our website, you will see that we've pivoted to a more emphasis on loungewear and athleisure. I don't think we're going to move away from the focus on denim because we expect over the mid to long-term that that continues to be a growth category. But I talked a lot about agility earlier and that's critical for us as we think about consumer behavior. And that's both true in how we engage with consumers in terms of messaging, but also where we put the emphasis from a category standpoint.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Jay, we continue to believe that we have a significant opportunity to build stores for FY 2021. We're expecting to open approximately 90 to a 100 stores. We are very happy with our model in Asia and we've been working on penetration in Europe and we're still working on the North America model. We do believe that there's an opportunity but we know that the role of the store is changing. And so we're evaluating our footprint with  to reflect these consumer changes. But we do think that there's an opportunity for us to pivot to DTC, and it remains an important part of our strategy. Next question please?
Jay Sole: Got it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen.
John Kernan: Good morning, Patrice and Jane. Thanks for taking my question.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning. John.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning. John.
John Kernan: Nice job, managing through a difficult environment.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you.
John Kernan: I wanted to take your thoughts on how we should think about the wholesale channel in North America with some of your full-price partners and how they're planning the back half of the calendar year. We've heard orders down in excess of 30%, 40%. Just wondering if the environment ends up being better than what some people have planned to date. Can people chase into that and can you see better trends than maybe some of the numbers we're hearing from the wholesale community to-date?
Jane Nielsen: So with our wholesale partners, we are planning conservatively with them and aligned to what they've indicated in terms of their fall holiday demand. So I think that we are focused on our AUR journey, focus on keeping our inventories well controlled and healthy. So we're planning conservatively, but consistent with our wholesale partners planning. As they move forward, we still see digital as an opportunity for growth there. And we're pursuing that. We were able to cancel about two-thirds of our fall holiday orders, take stock of where we were on an inventory level and then fill in to make sure that we have fulsome assortments for fall holidays that are better aligned to demand. So we've been working on this as we saw the crisis emerge, but we're fully aligned with where our wholesale partners are indicating and conservatively plan.
Patrice Louvet: And I think on your question, John, relative to our ability to chase, which we spent a lot of time on. So we feel that we're in a good place. We've done a lot of work to increase the responsiveness of our supply chain. We have the digitization that I referred to earlier, has obviously been a key enabler to that. The other thing that I think really separates us from many of our peers is core is such an important part of our business, right? And we are known for the number of core iconic SKUs. Now the good news is the core SKUs are the easier and faster SKUs to chase into, right? And we've also platformed fabrics. The team has done a wonderful job platforming the fabrics and various trims and others. So we have the ability on core to go fast. And then finally, and I don't know if you remember when I referred to this, I think it was like two or three quarters ago. We've developed a fast, what we've called the fast track capability internally. I think I gave you the example of this sweatshirt that we had developed with one of our wholesale partners from idea to shipment, 16 days, right, coming from Asia. And I think at Ralph Lauren, sometimes we're known for more longer lead times and days. Sometimes we've been talked about months rather than days. This capability we've scaled up since we developed it. So this fast track capability is  will be a fantastic platform for us to react to what we see in the market as we work with our wholesale partners.
John Kernan: Thats helpful.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well listen, thanks to all of you for joining our call today. On behalf of all of us here at Ralph Lauren, we wish you and your families, the best of health and safety, take good care. And we'll talk to you in a few months, have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van Der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Laurens third quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees. And our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this mornings earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's call. We continue to make strong progress on our Next Great Chapter plan with third quarter results, ahead of our overall expectations, including better-than-expected revenues, operating margin and double-digit EPS growth. Over the important holiday season, our teams consistently executed across each of our strategic priorities, enabling us to elevate our brand and deliver for our consumers across every touch point. The solid foundations we've put into place to reposition and elevate our brands, helped to drive positive comp growth across all three regions, excluding the impact of Hong Kong this quarter. We were also encouraged by AUR growth of 6% as we invest in brand elevation through our products, marketing, distribution and unique consumer experiences. At the same time, we continue to execute key initiatives to stabilize our North America business against an evolving retail landscape. As I've shared before, the three principles underlying this work include, putting the consumer at the center of everything we do; elevating the brand across all consumer touch points and balancing growth and productivity. And we are doing all of this while managing through volatile industry dynamics, including the recent coronavirus outbreak, which we are actively monitoring. Our top priorities are to keep our employees and consumers safe and to heed the advice of local and international health authorities. The situation is a dynamic one and we will continue to assess the implications for our business across retail, corporate and our supply base. Our thoughts are with the many impacted by this virus. During the third quarter, we drove our performance across the five strategic priorities that we laid out as part of our five-year plan to deliver long-term, sustainable growth and value creation. These include, first, win over a new generation of consumers, second energize core products and accelerate high-potential underdeveloped categories, third, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels; fourth, lead with digital across all activities; and fifth, operate with discipline to show growth. Starting with win over a new generation of consumers. We're investing in media channels that matter most to consumers today, namely, digital and social and remain on track towards our long-term marketing investment target of 5% of sales. In the third quarter, marketing increased 16% to last year as we shifted investments back into the key holiday selling period. We are encouraged by consumer engagement across generations through our campaigns and programs. Notably, our total social media followers surpassed 40 million in the third quarter, a double-digit increase to last year led by a 30% organic increase on Instagram. Let me touch on some of the highlights from our holiday campaigns this quarter. First, we launched a fully integrated holiday campaign across social media, television, our own stores and digital sites and wholesale environments, which we called Every Moment is a Gift. Among the exciting activations online, we drove strong engagement through our Snapchat holiday shopping filter and our first ever global digital game, The Holiday Run where our iconic Polo bear dash through the streets of New York City, Paris and Tokyo to collect festive bubbles and signature Ralph Lauren products. We also launched a digitally-targeted campaign for our Lauren women's ready-to-wear business in North America this season, featuring supermodel and mom, Lily Aldridge along with her family. It was the first dedicated campaign for the brand in many years that had significant media support behind it. We were encouraged by the early consumer response as we work to get the Lauren women's business back on a positive trajectory. On our North American mobile app, we drove a successful 7Days/7Drops program, featuring limited edition releases and one-of-the-kind experiences. A highlight of the week was our 5 Horseman Rugby shirt, which sold out in just 15 minutes online. And congratulations to Ralph Lauren Golf Ambassador Justin Thomas. He captured his 12th career win at the Century Tournament of Champions last month, wearing RLX to capture the number one spot in the FedEx Cup standings. Moving on to our second key initiative energize core products and accelerate high-potential underdeveloped categories. In the third quarter, Ralph and our design team drove excitement in core product categories, while also expanding into our five high-potential underdeveloped categories. While we were pleased with the overall performance of these categories, our outerwear and fleece programs were the clear standouts this holiday outperforming our total sales trends on both the sell-in and sell-out basis. Popular styles included heavyweight parkas, quilted car coats, light and midway down jackets, windbreakers and sharper styles. Other successes this season included woven shirts, sweaters and denim. In addition to the holiday drops in our mobile app, we released our limited edition Polo sports outdoors collection in November. The products retailed on our own digital commerce sites North America app and select flagship stores around the world. We also partnered with influential specialty retailers including Bodega, Fred Segal, Essence, Browns in the U.K., and Beams in Asia. Other exciting projects this quarter included an exclusive holiday capsule with Zalando, the Polo Sport collaboration with Musinsa, one of the largest fashion online retailers in Korea, and the Wechat mini program for Singles Day, in China. Moving on to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions, and channels. Our long-term expansion strategy remains focused on building a cohesive, elevated Ralph Lauren experience, across our retail, wholesale, and digital commerce presence in key cities around the world. During the third quarter, we opened 48 new owned and operated stores and concessions globally, and close 31 locations. This included 37 openings in Asia. We also continue to invest in door refreshes across our own stores and wholesale partners in key markets, as we work to elevate our fleet across every touch point. Our city-by-city ecosystem approach drove strong results in the quarter, with Chinese Mainland sales up more than 30% in constant currency, driven by comp growth, and new stores. Total China sales were up 6% to last year in constant currency, despite headwinds in Hong Kong, that we discussed last quarter. In Europe, we opened six owned and partnered full-price stores, including Polo boutiques, in Covent Garden in London, Torino, Exxon Province and Lisbon. We're making good progress, but we still have significant expansion opportunities with only 46 full-price stores across Europe, with all of this complemented by our successful expansion into new specialty wholesale accounts and digital commerce growth. Which brings me to our fourth key initiative, lead with digital. Our global digital ecosystem including our directly operated flagship sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce, increased low-double digits in the third quarter in constant currency. The strong performance exceeded our expectations across all three regions. This was driven by double-digit growth in Europe and Asia, with North America up high-single digits, improving from flat performance in the first half. Starting with Europe, digital sales were up high-teens in the quarter, with solid performance across both owned and wholesale digital accounts, led by digital pure-play retailers. We added six new partners, including LuisaViaRoma in Italy, SockShop in the U.K. and Brown Hamburg, in Germany. Our directly operated digital sites in Europe also saw further momentum, delivering 15% comp growth this quarter. Highlights included the November launch of Polo mobile app in the U.K., our first app launch outside of North America, and the new digital commerce flagship for Switzerland, as we expand our localization efforts by market. In Asia, digital ecosystem sales were also up double-digits, led by the Chinese Mainland. We launched new partnerships this quarter with, Myer in Australia, as well as Tmall's luxury selected platform in China. Lastly, our digital growth in China accelerated on the launch of buy online, ship from store fulfillment to leverage our store inventories. These omni-channel orders contributed to roughly half, of our digital growth in the quarter. Turning to North America, third quarter comps on ralphlauren.com were up 6%, largely in line with our expectations. We saw softness from international consumers due to FX and import restrictions in Asia, similar to the first half of the year. However, sales to domestic shoppers grew single-digits as we started to drive improvements in mobile, tight personalization and rebalancing our buys to emphasize stronger selling core and seasonal core products. Lastly, we continue to build partnerships with newer digital platforms in North America, which are extending our reach to new and younger consumers. In the third quarter, we launched Women's Polo on Daily Look, the premium subscription-based personal styling service; and Men's Polo on Simmons, a specialty designer boutique online. We also added kids to Rent the Runway joining our Lauren, Women's Polo and Club Monaco brands on the platform. Touching on our fifth key initiative, operate with discipline to show growth. In the third quarter, we focused on challenging every cost and improving our efficiencies. Adjusted operating margin expanded 10 basis points, slightly ahead of our expectations with stronger than expected top-line growth, partly offset by the planned timing of higher investments around holiday marketing and new stores. One important margin driver for us and a central part of our Next Great Chapter strategy is raising AUR to elevate the brand globally and create value. We're using multiple levers to realize AUR increases, including lower discounts, elevated product mix, geographic and channel shifts and strategic ticket price increases. We began phasing in strategic ticket price increases in our North America factory outlet channel in late September, followed by our North America full price wholesale and direct-to-consumer doors in spring 2020. Leveraging the success, we've had implementing this strategy in Asia and Europe, these ticket increases reflect our competitive benchmarking analysis and our focus on providing a superior value proposition for our consumers. We were encouraged by the impact of these initial price increases this fall. While traffic was still a headwind for our factory business, we were able to drive positive comps in this channel through an 8% increase in AUR in the quarter. This was on top of 8% AUR growth last year and well above our expectations. Though it is still early in this journey, we are focused on elevating our brand positioning in the North American market and globally as part of our AUR-led strategy. And finally, I want to provide an update on our journey to further integrate citizenship and sustainability into our business. More than 50 years ago, Ralph built our company based on the idea of timelessness, creating products that are meant to be worn, loved, and passed on to the next generation. This continues to inspire everything we do as we build the business to deliver value for our shareholders and all of our stakeholders for the next 50 years. As part of this work, in December, we announced a new commitment to power all of our globally owned and operated offices, distribution centers and stores with 100% renewable electricity by 2025. We also took the Arctic shipping pledge committing to reroute shipping to avoid the environmentally delicate Artic area. Driving diversity and inclusion across our business is another important piece of this work, and we are pleased to report that we have achieved our gender parity goal of equal representation in our leadership positions at the VP level and above more than three years ahead of our target. In closing, Ralph and I are energized by our team's execution over the important holiday quarter and we are encouraged by the progress we are making on our Next Great Chapter plan across the business. While we are mindful of the challenges across our markets globally, we are intensely focused on delivering on the commitments we have made across every aspect of our business as we look to drive long-term, sustainable growth and value creation for all of our stakeholders. And before I turn it over to Jane, sadly I want to note the recent passing of our longtime board member and friend, Arnold Aronson. On behalf of Ralph and the entire organization, I want to express our deepest gratitude for his kindness, wisdom and service to our company over nearly two decades. Now, over to Jane and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice and good morning everyone. Our third quarter results demonstrate solid execution of our strategy through this holiday season and our team's agility and navigating a dynamic global, geopolitical and retail environment. We delivered top and bottom-line growth and good progress across key metrics, including 6%, AUR growth, double digit growth in digital commerce and growth and operating margin expansion, coupled with solid inventory control. Third quarter revenues increased 1% on a reported basis and 2% in constant currency. Every region posted positive revenue growth, driven by mid-single-digit constant currency growth in Europe and Asia despite the ongoing headwinds in Hong Kong, as well as slight growth in North America. Excluding the impact of Hong Kong, total company topline grew 2.5% in constant currency and every region delivered positive comps as we work to elevate our brand across every consumer touch point, drive product quality, reduce promotional levels and enhance our digital presence. Adjusted gross margin was up 60 basis points in the third quarter, both on a reported and constant currency basis. Gross margins benefited from AUR growth of 6% on better pricing, lower promotions and elevated product mix, along with favorable channel and geographic mix, these more than offset investments in product elevation and sustainability and diversification of our supply chain. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the early results of our fall pricing actions and expect our AUR strength to continue through the rest of the year, driving our full year expectation of low single digit AUR growth for fiscal 2020. Our inventory positions for both our direct-to-consumer and wholesale businesses are current and well controlled coming out of this holiday season. And we remain focused on managing our inventories with discipline and leveraging our supply chain agility and responsiveness. Adjusted operating margin in the third quarter was 14%, up 10 basis points on a reported basis and in constant currency. Adjusted operating profit dollars grew 3% to last year. Adjusted operating expense increased to 48.2% of sales, up 50 basis points to last year was on a reported basis and in constant currency. Marketing was the key driver with spending up 16% in the quarter, as we shifted investments back into the key holiday selling period versus last year's focus on our 50th anniversary show and related events in the second quarter. We still expect marketing spend to grow ahead of sales for the full year fiscal 2020 as we invest behind our brands with an emphasis on digital media. Excluding marketing, our adjusted operating expense leveraged 20 basis points to last year as our teams generated operating efficiencies across our business.  Some key highlights from third quarter include: first, we continue to drive efficiencies across our end-to-end supply chain including incremental savings across facilities, labor, airfreight and consolidation of materials, all contributing to mitigate the impact of tariffs. This work is also delivering an improved experience for our consumers including faster delivery speeds on digital orders. Over the peak holiday period for example we more than doubled our penetration of orders delivered in two days or less over the prior year. We also piloted a new fast track model in the quarter where we were able to meaningfully accelerate the development of special product concepts from design to shelf. Leveraging our investments in digital product development, we designed, produced and delivered an exclusive fleece sweater to a key wholesale customer in just 16 days, right in time for Black Friday. While just one early example, we expect this model to be a growing part of our supply chain as we continue our progress toward our three, six, and nine-month lead-time targets. Moving on to segment performance starting with North America. Revenue increased slightly in the third quarter as strong growth in our retail business more than offset wholesale revenue declines. Adjusted operating margin was 22.3%, a 30 basis point decrease to last year with operating margin expansion in our retail businesses more than offset by SG&A deleverage in our wholesale business on lower sales. In the retail channel in North America comps were up 4% and ahead of our expectations driven by 4% brick-and-mortar comps and 6% comps on our owned digital commerce site. Brick-and-mortar comps were driven by an 8% increase in AUR on top of 7% growth last year. This strong growth reflects our targeted price increases and a reduction in promotions along with an improved product offering, new marketing activations and rebalanced assortments towards stronger selling core and underpenetrated categories. We also made key operational improvements such as the roll-out of RFID technology across our fleet to improve out-of-stock replenishment sales. In addition, new staffing optimization tools in our stores drove productivity and improved service in peak periods. Our factory business led our AUR increase in North America with improved conversion. While traffic continued to be a headwind in the channel, we are focused on driving better traffic trends through enhanced digital marketing and refreshed and differentiated store experiences. Comps in our North America directly operated digital commerce business were up 6%. Our investments in mobile, personalization and site navigation drove positive growth from domestic consumers in the third quarter. Our digital business also benefited from favorable product mix towards categories like outerwear and fleece along with a timing shift into the third quarter as we saw higher sell-through in the holiday period, versus clearance period, in Q4. Excluding this shift, we still expect second half comps to improve incrementally compared to first half comps. Sales to international shoppers purchasing on our U.S. site and shipping to U.S. addresses remained soft, in the third quarter and should remain a headwind through the rest of fiscal 2020. Moving on to North America wholesale, third quarter revenue declined 8%, in line with expectations. Excluding a decline in off-price sales, our underlying North America wholesale business was also down high-single digits. However, our full price sellout improved from recent trends. In the near-term, we are focused on improving the consumer experience in the wholesale channel, through in-store refreshes, expansion into under-penetrated categories and increased marketing. Our inventories in the wholesale channel are clean and down, on a year-over-year basis. We are driving a more favorable product mix, emphasizing core categories and testing targeted brand marketing, for Lauren Women's. We continue to expect, it will take some time for our wholesale business to start reflecting these strategic improvements, which have shown success in our direct-to-consumer channels. Moving on to Europe, third quarter revenue was up 3% on a reported basis and 5% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin expanded 300 basis points both a reported and constant currency basis. Operating margin expansion was driven by strong gross margins and SG&A leverage. In retail channels in Europe comps were up 3% driven by a 15% increase in our own digital commerce sites. And a 2% increase in our brick-and-mortar stores. The increase in our directly operated European digital commerce business was above our expectation, driven by strong AUR growth, solid merchandising execution and traffic increases along with the shift in seasonal product sales, similar to our North America site. Across our Europe direct-to-consumer channels, our ongoing efforts to elevate the brand and improve product mix, continued in the third quarter, with AUR up 10% on top of an 11% increase last year. This is consistent with our long-term strategy to drive higher quality of sales and price harmonization, in the marketplace. Wholesale revenue in Europe was up 5% in constant currency and also ahead of our expectations. Similar to Q2, the strong performance reflected solid sell-out trends driving stronger reorders, particularly with our digital pure-play partners. Turning to Asia, revenue was up 5%, on both a reported and constant currency basis in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of Hong Kong where protest-related store closures and tourism declines were an ongoing headwind, Asia revenues were up 9%. This solid performance was driven by several markets in Asia, led by Chinese Mainland sales growth of over 30%, in constant currency. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in this region. And we continue to drive our digital efforts, expand and elevate our store fleet. And engage with local influencers and celebrities. Comps in Asia decreased 1%, with slight AUR declines. Excluding Hong Kong, Asia comps were up 2%. Store closures and traffic decline to Hong Kong remained a challenge in the third quarter, but we were able to partially mitigate some of this impact by pulling forward a friends-and-family event in our factory stores. We continue to expect Hong Kong to remain a near-term headwind, especially with the emerging impact of the coronavirus, as Patrice mentioned. Adjusted operating margin was down 50 basis points to last year on a reported basis, and down 70 basis points in constant currency driven by SG&A deleverage in Hong Kong. Excluding Hong Kong, margins were up 130 basis points in constant currency. Moving on to the balance sheet, our balance sheet remains strong and we continue to return capital to our shareholders. We ended the quarter with about $1.9 billion in cash and investments and $694 million in total debt, which compares to $2.1 billion in cash and investments and $687 million in debt at the end of last year's third quarter. We repurchased $98 million in shares in the third quarter for a total of $498 million in repurchases year-to-date. We will continue to opportunistically buy back stock and remain on track to complete our target of about $600 million in repurchases for full fiscal 2020. Moving on to inventory, at the end of the third quarter inventory was down 1% to last year and flat in constant currency. We still expect to end the year with inventories relatively aligned to our sales outlook. Now, I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges, and reflects our best assessment of the global retail landscape in the context of increased volatility from macroeconomic and geopolitical events. Specifically, our outlook still incorporates the impact of tariffs, Brexit and protest-related business disruption in Hong Kong. At this early stage, our guidance does not include potential impact from the coronavirus outbreak given the dynamic nature of the situation. However, we are monitoring developments closely and will be transparent about the expected impact providing updates if needed. For full year fiscal 2020, we still expect revenues to be in the range of 2% to 3% growth in constant currency. Based on a better than expected holiday, revenue should be slightly better than the low-end of the range we guided to last quarter. Foreign currency is expected to have about 110 to 130 basis points of negative impact on revenue growth based on currency shifts. We now expect operating margin expansion at the high-end of our previous range of 40 to 60 basis points in constant currency, driven primarily by gross margin expansion and slight SG&A leverage. Foreign currency is estimated to have about 10 basis points of negative impact on operating margin in fiscal 2020. Based on the timing of shipments, our guidance now assumes a little less than $10 million of negative tariff impact to our fiscal 2020 cost of goods. We expect the majority of this impact in our fourth quarter. However, based on our supply chain diversification out of China and recent tariff reductions, we estimate tariffs will have about $12 million to $15 million of total impact in fiscal 2021. We now expect our full year tax rate to be about 20%. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenues to be up slightly both on a constant currency and on a reported basis. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by about 50 basis points in the quarter. We expect protest disruptions in Hong Kong to negatively impact our Asia comp by about five points in the quarter. Operating margin for the fourth quarter is expected to be up slightly in constant currency and on a reported basis. Similar to Q3, this is primarily due to timing of SG&A investments with our highest number of new store openings weighted to the back half of the year, largely offsetting gross margin expansion in the quarter. Fourth quarter tax rate is estimated at 26% above our full year expected rate based on our expectation of discrete onetime items. We look forward to sharing the details of our fiscal 2021 guidance when we report our fiscal year-end in May. In closing, we are proud of the focus, agility and passion, our teams around the world demonstrated this holiday quarter. Guided by Ralph's vision, our teams elevated our brand, delivering comp AUR and profit growth, all while maintaining disciplined on inventories and costs. While we are navigating and watching the challenges in the broader environment closely, we are first and foremost committed to the safety of our employees', partners and consumers. We believe we have the right strategy and team to deliver across our strategic priorities and create value for the long-term. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays Capital.
Adrienne Yih: Good morning and congratulations on continued progress in a very tough environment.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Adrienne. Thank you.
Adrienne Yih: Good morning. So Patrice, I wanted to -- you gave such great color on sort of the AUR and what was driving the pricing increases. It's accelerated in the back half of the year from the first half despite the tougher compares. Obviously, you talked about where you were taking selective price increases. What have you learned about the price elasticity particularly in North America? And does this give you confidence in your ability to continue to take pricing up over the next year or so? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Great. Thank you for your question. Well, let me just step back a little bit to kind of give you the overall with how we're thinking about this. The first thing I would say is, brand elevation is really at the core of our strategy, right and AUR is obviously then a key component to that. The second point on AUR is we have four drivers for AUR that we're working on. One is pulling back on promotional support. And actually in the last quarter, we reduced our promotional pressure. The second is leveraging product mix and you saw us invest in categories that had higher AUR like outerwear and fleece. The third is obviously leveraging geographic and channel mix. And then the final point is indeed targeted pricing. Now we've actually started this journey of taking target pricing in the context of this broader AUR strategy. In international I'd say past 18, 24-months and we've been pleased with the results that we've achieved there. But it's really important to understand that it isn't just pricing in isolation. It's the result of work that we've done on elevating the brand across all the touch points. The work we've done on inventory, on product, on brand from distribution that enables that. We are at a stage now where we think the conditions are set for us to execute that in North America. So as you mentioned we now have about a quarter under our belt in the factory outlet channel which is where we started. We're encouraged both by the way the teams have executed, they've done a terrific job, and the consumer response across the board because we saw significant AUR growth. Now AUR growth in isolation doesn't make any -- growth that needs to drive comps and we're pleased with the 4% comp growth that we achieved in North America. In terms of then expanding this across the ecosystem for North America the plan is actually to do that now. So, literally as we speak, we are implementing pricing for the consumer on the floors both in our full-price stores that have wholesale, leveraging the learnings that we've picked up in our execution in factory outlets. And we're at the very beginning of this journey we were quite encouraged by what we've seen so far. And to the point on your guidance long-term relative to our expectations for AUR growth, we continue to expect AUR to grow low to mid-single digits throughout the lifetime of the plan. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Let me start with congrats on a really nice quarter and what sounds like a tough holiday.
Patrice Louvet : Hi, Michael.
Jane Nielsen: Hi, Michael. 
Michael Binetti: I want to ask you in North America wholesale down 8% -- was a bigger decline than we've seen since maybe fourth quarter last year and you were going against big off price correction in the fourth quarter last year, lapping a negative 10. I kind of -- if I add this to you know some comments you just made on now starting to raise prices in wholesale. I am trying think how you guys think about the North America wholesale numbers going forward from here obviously the compare gets easier, youve got some pricing but then, due you think we are a point where we can -- you can see turning a corner on North America wholesale turning positive yet at some point during the course of fiscal 2021? And then I also want to ask you about how you're thinking through all the dynamics you just laid out about margins for next year. It sounds like you're happy with how the increased marketing is going. Obviously, the results are there on the top-line. But I'm wondering how your thinking about gross margin as well for next year, which has been a nice contributor for several years now. I mean you did say AUR should keep moving in the right place you're happy with ticket. So, I'm wondering if we can -- if you still think the gross margin and SG&A dynamics we've seen in the first two years the plan should be similar next year. 
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Michael, it's Jane. So, let me answer the AUR gross margin question first and then I'll go to North America wholesale. So, we're really encouraged with we saw in North America in Q3 from a gross margin standpoint, led by the AUR increases with comp growth. Those AUR increases really reflected our ability to both continue our discount reduction journey. We are starting to see a nice contribution from product mix and the elevation of products. Better assortments, better rebalancing in the core the things we've been talking about. So early stages, but we're starting to see that in this quarter. And then the consumer response to, the ticket increases were also very positive. So, that's what's giving me confidence, in continued gross margin expansion. Obviously, we've guided that for Q4. But I do think that the things that we've called out as durable, reductions in promotions, targeted consumer value-oriented price increases, product mix benefits. And then, some tailwind benefits from geographic and channel shifts, those things are durable. And we're able to manage some of the cost inflation. And tariff impact through the work -- through working those levers. So, I continue to remain optimistic that gross margin is a driver for us today. Obviously, we have guided to for the future. But it's also durable to the plan. Now the magnitude will have -- we're pretty clear on our guidance. But I'm encouraged and I think its strength for us. So, good progress there. Then, if I turn to your North America wholesale question, I would tell you that again off-price was down, I would say meaningfully more than our full-price business, so double-digit decline last year, double-digit decline this year. And again, the flow of off-price is related to excess flow. Our inventory is clean. And so we're really I think looking at that channel from a strategic standpoint than where it should be which, is the good partners to us. They're an opportunistic way for us to liquidate excess. And that's what you're seeing come through. In terms of the timing of North America wholesale covering, we know that that will take some time, right? So what is encouraging to us is that we're on the right track, strong comp growth in DTC in North America, this quarter. The underlying trend is encouraging. Well, I still think quarter-by-quarter there will be some choppiness, the underlying trend is encouraging and we believe that we're taking the right actions wholesale, as Patrice called out in terms of rebalancing assortments, focusing on sell-out which we did see improve, this quarter. And we're starting some targeted marketing within the channel, that's showing some very early signs of positive trends. So, we're pleased with that. And we're overall pleased with our marketing investments. And the way they're enabling our brand elevation and price increases. So, still encourages how that will flow through on OI margin.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank You. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks and congrats on a nice quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Boss: Maybe Patrice and I know this is somewhat higher level. But, as we think about differentiated versus undifferentiated retail, I guess maybe what inning overall do you see the brand today in North America? So, maybe if you could touch on wholesale distribution, how you feel about your existing department store doors, maybe the number and the quality of the doors that you're in. I know Jane just touched on off-price. And then at retail, where you see the opportunity from a footprint perspective in terms of what you have today and the opportunity that you have going forward?
Patrice Louvet: Jane is very happy that we're back to baseball analogies. So listen, on the differentiation front, I think we're in the very early innings in North America actually, right. So, if you'd ask me for a number, I'd probably say two out of nine. I think we see opportunities to actually in the context of the brand elevation strategy to increase our presence in higher end wholesale where we see opportunities both in North America and actually around the world. We're also in kind of the current wholesale footprint you know we've reduced it significantly already, right. We're down 25% from where we were about three years ago to make sure that the brand shows up in the right place. We continue to assess the locations on a very regular basis working closely with our partners. So, this is also a dynamic process. As far as DTC is concerned, we believe we have opportunities obviously to continue to fuel our dot-com operations right, which is a very important factor of the DTC part of our business. And also similar to our thinking internationally with the introduction of Polo boutiques, we believe there is an opportunity in North America to expand our DTC footprint smaller format stores. So that won't happen tomorrow morning. But as we look at kind of the next few years and where we want to take the brand and how we want to drive interactions with consumers across the country, we do believe there are opportunities to expand the footprint so that the brand is better represented in a more dispersed way across the entire country, all guided by our brand elevation strategy, right. That's really the filter that we use to decide where we should be and then how do we ensure the differentiation is very clear by channel for the consumer both online and brick-and-mortar, so that he or she knows exactly what to get in which location and how the brand will show up differently based on the different environments.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Id add my congratulations, nice quarter guys. I appreciate all the information.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks Omar.
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask a follow-up on the sales guidance. You obviously a really strong quarter your comps accelerated. You came in above your number. You kind of kept the full year guidance the same. Are there any timing issues going on? Especially with all the AUR upticks, it feels like an easier comparison in the fiscal fourth quarter. It feels like there could be some opportunity for revenue upside there. Is there something I'm missing? And then, a follow-up on the coronavirus and maybe it's related. We're hearing stories of double-digit million population cities that are like ghost towns right now and some pretty significant comp declines. Wondering if you're seeing any meaningful impact in your business in real time? And is there anything on the supply chain side we should think about in terms of disruption there potentially? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: All right. Why don't I unpack your question in terms of the guidance first and in terms of revenue upside? What we are seeing, and I think we called it out in the script is obviously Hong Kong will have a more meaningful impact as we head into the fourth quarter. We've seen travel bookings deteriorate from the third to the fourth quarter and this is obviously a big quarter for Hong Kong, given that it was a Lunar New Year. And so we called out that we had about a three-point impact to Asia comp in the third quarter that leads to about a five-point impact in the fourth quarter. So, that's one factor this going into that. And then we called out some digital commerce that we had a very big stronger-than-expected digital commerce. As we look at that and underneath the covers of that in both Europe and in North America, what we saw is that we sold out stronger at full price. We had less inventory seeding clearance in the fourth quarter. That's a good quality of sales move and we're pleased with this. And so, you'll see some of that sitting on our digital comps in the fourth quarter as we move forward. We also have some -- given the shorter holiday season. We move to fulfill demand to make sure consumers had a good service experience. And we'll have slight -- we'll have some more process returns in the fourth quarter and we were less promotional at the end of the third quarter. So, those are some things that are sitting in digital. So those two things are the biggest things that are guiding our fourth quarter revenue call.
Patrice Louvet: And then on the coronavirus and obviously, it's a highly dynamic situation, right? But if we take a snapshot, today for us in China, we have about half of our fleets closed. So about -- we are about 110 stores, so roughly half of that is closed as we speak today. Obviously, we monitor that very closely. As far as supply chain is concerned, well first the other thing I would say relative to our business penetration in China just for the benefit of the whole group is, while the China opportunity is a massive growth opportunity for us to some extent, it's a blessing to be underpenetrated today because our business today China represents less than 4% of the total company business. Now, we still are very bullish about our ability to win long-term in that region and very excited about what we can do there. On the supply chain front, I'd say same thing on a very dynamic situation. We have been working as you know over the past year, two years to diversify our supply chain, so that we're less dependent on one market, less dependent on China. So we have a greater ability to leverage a footprint that's much broader and much more flexible. We're in the middle of the Lunar New Year vacation. We'll need to see and which has been extended by week. We'll need to see how employees return to the various factories post the vacation. So we're watching it. We are working on being as agile as possible and we'll make sure we make the best of the situation that we're dealing with. The priority in all of this right because this is a human -- we can't lose sight of the human dimension of all. This obviously is to make sure that our employees are safe, our consumers are safe and that we follow very closely the guidance both from the local and the global authorities on this health crisis.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks, good morning. Just a couple of questions for me. I guess Patrice, just on the speed to market opportunities you gave that 16-day example. Could you just talk a little bit more about where that product was produced? And as you assess the opportunity, how repeatable is this process? And then, just a follow-up for Jane on the North American wholesale, can you talk a little bit more during the quarter of what did you see with Men's Polo versus Lauren within the full price business? Thank you. 
Patrice Louvet: So Erinn, I just took note of that example. That's actually really good. You know -- it was a pilot exercise for us. It was a sweat shirt that we developed with one of our wholesale partners. And we did execute it from ideas to delivery to the partner in 16 days. We're not going to move our entire supply chain to 16 days. What's key our lens is to understand what is the timing required to be well-positioned to win a specific category, in a specific geography, in a specific channel? So we still have kind of our nine, six, three-month lead-times. And then there are some projects where we want to have this ability to react in the span of days. The specific project Erinn so sweatshirt I believe manufactured in Mainland China. And something that's replicable which is why we shared it as an example. It's a pilot, but I think it's an indication also that our organization is becoming more agile, more aggressive in terms of how we manage time lines and also more creative. So, I think you're going to continue to see from us faster lead-times not just for the sake of lead-times also just to understand what's required to win in the marketplace.
Jane Nielsen: And Erinn, I would just add that we remain confident in the -- in achieving the goal that we laid out at Investor Day that we will get to more than 50% of our product on a six-month or less lead-time and we're making great progress on some of our key categories in moving almost 80% of our quarter on to six months or less and even working on faster track. So great progress by our supply chain in that area. And then to the second part of your question, regarding what we're seeing -- what we saw on Polo and the Lauren brands. We did see across the company that the Polo brand really drove our -- and we saw -- and it's specifically in North America wholesale we saw the Polo brand be stable and a driver for us. The Lauren brand -- we're seeing some positive times, but they're very early based on the marketing that Patrice called out and some targeted work that we're doing with our wholesale partners that one makes us believe that the Lauren opportunity is an opportunity in North America wholesale that our consumer is still there, and that when we assort into the right categories with the right product quality and right consumer value that the consumer will respond. And so we saw some encouraging trends there. I'd say too early to call the turnaround. It will take some time but it's an encouraging sign. 
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Alex Walvis with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Walvis: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. 
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Alex. 
Alex Walvis: You commented on some pretty strong performance in the outerwear segment through the quarter which was a tough category for some others. So some good progress there. I wonder if you could share some comments on the other underdeveloped categories. And you mentioned denim was strong. Any comment on where we are in the progression for accessories, but where -- wear to work and so forth?
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Yes, we were actually really encouraged by the growth on outerwear. And frankly, I'm becoming even more bullish on the size of price on that part of the business as we build capabilities in-house. So, good momentum on outerwear. Denim also performed well for us. And that actually contributed to the solid trends, on our men's business. I think the team is doing a very good job, in terms of understanding the customer we want to serve, developing product that resonates, and then finding a way to communicate and execute it in-store, in a way that really connects with the consumer. We're making good progress on wear-to-work. Probably the key thing to highlight here is the way we are complementing our line on -- particularly on Polo Women's. And some of the work that's also underway on Lauren, to really make sure that we have the right offering, to meet that kind of wear-to-work consumer need, so good progress there. And if you remember, this is an oversimplified. But we really want to shift to being a kind of seven day brand solution as opposed to maybe two or three days, a week, both for men and women. So I'm encouraged by the progress we're making there. As far as footwear and accessories, so we had talked about the fact that Investor Day that footwear and accessories progress and impact would be more back loaded in the five-year program, which is why you're seeing further acceleration on outerwear and denim first. But we are making good progress on footwear and accessories. Job one, first is really building capability right, working with Ralph, and having the right design talent both on bags and on shoes. We brought some extraordinary talent from key players in this space that have joined us over the past year, year and a half. So, that we make sure we've got people that really understand fundamentally, how these categories work. And then, now working on bringing these products to life, in the market, these things take a bit of time. So, I expect the impact to be most visible in the outer years of the plan. But we're starting to see some encouraging signs on different parts of the portfolio, that give us confidence that we're making, the right progress and that we will see the benefits that we expect from those two categories, as well.
Corinna Van der Ghinst : Last question please, Angela.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Rick Patel with Needham & Co.
Rick Patel: Good morning guys. Thanks for squeezing me, and I'll add my congrats as well. I was hoping you could provide some more color on Europe wholesale. You reported some nice growth there despite the negative impact of some timing shifts. Is there anything to call out aside from digital wholesale accounts? And how sustainable is this growth as we think about the run rate for this segment?
Jane Nielsen: I think we're encouraged. We've been consistently calling out our Europe wholesale underlying trend is being in the range of what we called out for the long-term sort of in that low to mid-single-digit growth. Obviously, our pure-play partners are leading that growth. But we're also encouraged with what we're seeing in our core bricks -- more traditional bricks-and-mortar partners in terms of their trajectory both on a comp basis. So store -- same-store sales growth within those areas and some distribution expansion that we're seeing on a more regional basis with partners that we've had for from a number of years, so that's very encouraging to us. I think we see this as durable growth. And we're encouraged by the progress that we're making, and where the brand sits within the wholesale European ecosystem. I think it's elevated. The pricing is accretive to our overall portfolio. And our inventories are in good shape there. So, we're very pleased with the progress in that business.
Patrice Louvet: Good. So thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our fiscal year end results and fiscal year 2021 guidance with you on our next call in early May. Between now and then, have a great time. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren second quarter fiscal 2020 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you Corey. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's call. We delivered second quarter results slightly ahead of our overall expectations including better than expected revenue, expanded operating margin and double-digit EPS growth. Our performance this quarter was driven by ongoing momentum in our international markets both Europe and Asia and balanced gross margin expansion and expense management. Meanwhile, we continue to invest in brand elevation and execute key initiatives to stabilize our North America business against a more volatile backdrop. As we indicated at the start of this fiscal year, we are monitoring the global retail environment closely, particularly around trade and macro conditions. Our teams remain intensely focused on managing through volatile industry dynamics and executing on our strategic plan to deliver long term sustainable growth and value creation. As I have shared before, the three principles underlying this work include putting the consumer at the center of everything we do, elevating the brand and balancing growth and productivity. During the second quarter, we continued to drive our performance across the five strategic priorities that we laid out as part of our five-year plan. These include first, win over new generation of consumers, second, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories, third, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels, fourth, lead with digital across all activities and fifth, operate with discipline to fuel growth. Starting with win over a new generation of consumers. We continue to invest in media channels that matter most to consumers today, namely digital and social and are on track toward our long term marketing investment target of 5% of sales. In the second quarter, marketing declined 10% to last year due to timing of investments as we anniversaried our landmark 50th anniversary celebrations last fall. Our key marketing initiatives this quarter centered around our September fashion show experience, Wimbledon and U.S. Open Tennis partnerships as well as the Ralph Lauren and Friends collaboration. This September, we presented an exciting Fall 2019 collection through a one-of-a-kind immersive experience of fashion, hospitality and live entertainment we called Ralph's Club. Our jazz age inspired nightclub seamlessly integrated guests into the show itself as the multitalented Janelle Monae inspired us with a performance for the ages. Influencers and celebrities from around the world from Taylor Hill to Cate Blanchett, Mandy Moore to A$AP Ferg, Henry Golding, JJ Lin and Luodan Wang joined in the evening. It was our most viewed live stream to-date. As we continue to leverage our global digital reach, we have more than 10 billion total media impressions around the event. In Asia alone, we generated over 32 million live and video views of the show. Moving on to our sports engagements. We closed out our summer sports program with our official sponsorship of the U.S. Open Tennis Championships here in New York. The U.S. Open, combined with our high visibility Wimbledon partnership earlier in the summer, drove over 17 billion media impressions globally. Building on the April release of our Earth Polo shirt made entirely from recycled plastic bottles, the official ballpeople were outfitted in uniforms using the same innovation. The tennis ball cans collected from the tournament this year will be used to produce mix-use uniforms. This is a great example of our Design the Change sustainability strategy coming to life across our products. To further amplify our sponsorship, we partnered with TikTok, the social media platform beloved by GenZ becoming the first luxury brand to drive a digital commerce campaign on the platform. Our campaign leveraged influencers and custom content to drive more than 0.5 million views and significant click-through to ralphlauren.com. And lastly, we finished up quarter with our Ralph Lauren and Friends 25th Anniversary capsule collection in September, a playful ode to lead character Jennifer Aniston's fictional work experience at Ralph Lauren. Featured exclusively at Bloomingdale's and on ralphlauren.com, the campaign generated over one billion media impressions alone. Finally, as you may have seen, we recently celebrated the upcoming HBO release of Very Ralph directed by the award-winning Susan Lacy. The documentary follows Ralph's journey from his childhood in the Bronx to building an iconic lifestyle business and becoming an emblem of American style around the world. I hope you will all watch it live on HBO on November 12. Moving on to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories. In the second quarter, Ralph and our design team continued to drive excitement in core product categories while also leveraging the halo of limited edition releases and expanding into high potential underdeveloped categories. Top-selling categories for Fall 2019 to-date have included lightweight down jackets, windbreakers, fleece and casual woven shirts, including Oxford shirts. We continue to work to consistently get the balance of core, seasonal core and fashion right across each brand and distinct channels. This quarter, we released a limited-edition draw, Indigo Stadium, in September inspired by our original 1992 Polo Stadium collection. Pieces included signature silhouettes such as our popover jacket, windbreaker, tearaway track pants and fleece updated with indigo dye treatments. The release was available exclusively on our Polo app, influential specialty accounts like Opening Ceremony, Fred Segal, HBX and Bodega as well as select Ralph Lauren stores and retailers internationally. Other exciting projects this quarter included an exclusive youth oriented capsule collaboration with ASOS available globally online and the special collections celebrating our 35th Anniversary of Polo Ralph Lauren in Korea. We continued to make solid progress this quarter on our five underdeveloped categories as well. These include denim, outerwear, Wear To Work, footwear and accessories. Denim sell-out outperformed our total topline trends in the second quarter. And as we approach the upcoming winter season, outerwear sell-in are strongly outpacing our overall sales trends. Meanwhile, our Ralph Lauren and Friends collection leverage our expanding Wear To Work initiative with modern pieces for both men and women rooted in the Ralph Lauren aesthetic. In fragrance, we launched the latest iterations of Romance for women and Polo Red for men. Focused on reaching a new generation of consumers, the campaign featured our Ralph Lauren ambassadors, Taylor Hill for Beyond Romance and Ansel Elgort, Polo Red Remix. Moving on to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. Our long term expansion strategy remains focused on building a cohesive brand elevating Ralph Lauren experience across our retail, wholesale and digital commerce presence in key cities around the world. During the second quarter, we opened 20 new stores and concessions globally and closed 21 locations. This included 15 openings in Asia. We also completed door refreshes in key markets around the world, including our Place de la Madeleine flagship store in Paris and factory door renovation in North America and China, where we continue to elevate our fleet across every touch point. Our consumer centric ecosystem approach drove strong results in the quarter with China Mainland sales up more than 20% in constant currency, driven by comp growth and new stores. Total China sales were up modestly to last year in constant currency including Hong Kong headwinds, which Jane will discuss in her remarks. In Europe, we opened four owned and partnered full price stores. While we are making good progress, we still have significant expansion opportunities with only 40 full price stores across Europe with all of this complemented by our successful digital commerce expansion. Which brings me to our fourth key initiative, lead with digital. Our global digital ecosystem, including our directly operated flagship sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce increased low teens in the second quarter in constant currency. The strong performance was driven by more than 30% growth in international. While this was tempered by more modest growth in North America, our North America digital sales were positive and ahead of expectations improving sequentially from first quarter trends. Starting with Europe. Digital sales were up double digits in the quarter with strong performance across each channel. We added 17 new wholesale digital partners including La Redoute, one of the largest digital pure players in France. Our directly operated digital sites in Europe also saw continued momentum delivering 13% comp growth this quarter. Recent enhancements included optimizations to our mobile site and checkout process and a new digital commerce flagship for Ireland as we continue to drive our localization efforts by market. We also recently launched Instagram in Europe. In Asia, digital ecosystem sales were also solid led by China. We added five exciting new digital partners in the second quarter, including Secoo, a luxury e-commerce platform in China, GS Shop, the number one multimedia retailer in Korea and Marui, a leading omnichannel retailer targeting younger consumers in Japan. We also continue to elevate our presence with key digital pure players like Tmall during the quarter. Turning to North America. Second quarter comps on ralphlauren.com were up 2% and better-than-expected. Similar to the first quarter, we continued to experience declines from international consumers on our U.S. site due to FX headwinds and increased import regulations in key Asian markets. However, sales to domestic shoppers were up single digits and slightly better than first quarter trends as we started to improve our mobile user experience and drive more targeted email marketing. Under our new global merchandising effort, we are also rebalancing our buys to emphasize stronger selling core and seasonal core products going forward. Our digital performance should start to reflect these initiatives, along with further improvements in mobile and personalization to drive conversion more in the back half of fiscal 2020. Lastly, we continued to build partnerships with new digital platforms in North America, which are extending our reach to new and younger consumers. In the second quarter, we launched men's polo sportswear on revolve.com and its sister site, FWRD. We also launched Lauren ready-to-wear and dresses on Nuuly, the new subscription service from Urban Outfitters, targeting our next-generation consumer. Touching on our fifth key initiative, operate with discipline to fuel growth. In the second quarter, we continued to challenge every cost and improve our efficiencies. Adjusted operating margin expansion of 100 basis points exceeded our expectations, driven by gross margin expansion, disciplined expense management and lower marketing spend in the quarter. This cost discipline enabled continued expansion of our global retail presence while increasing operating profit and operating margin. Looking at our supply chain. Year to date, we have continued to increase its flexibility and efficiency. With the enactment of this List 4 tariffs from China in the quarter, we have continued our multipronged effort to mitigate the cost impact. This includes, first, working with our existing partners within China to drive increased productivity. Second, further diversifying our supply chain outside of China. Over the past two years, we have reduced our U.S. exposure to China from over 40% to about 22% by the end of this fiscal year and moving to approximately mid-teens for fiscal 2021. And third, while we are focused on driving the first two strategies to mitigate as much of the tariff headwind as possible and minimize the direct impact to the consumer, we are also planning targeted global price increases. As previously discussed, the central part of our next great chapter strategy is raising AUR to elevate the brand globally and create value. We began phasing in strategic ticket price increases in our North American outlet channel in late September. Our North America full price wholesale and direct to consumer doors will reflect targeted price increases, starting with our Spring 2020 assortments. Leveraging the success we have had implementing this strategy in Asia and Europe, these ticket increases reflect our competitive benchmarking analysis and are focused on the value proposition for our consumers. Jane will provide further detail on AUR and the expected financial impact of tariffs in her prepared remarks. In closing, in the context of a more volatile environment, we continue to deliver solid progress on our next great chapter plan. Ralph and I are proud of our teams' execution this quarter as they delivered across each of our strategic pillars with passion and excellence. Together, we remain focused on driving each of these areas to deliver long term sustainable growth and value creation for all of our stakeholders. With that, I will turn it over to Jane and I will join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you Patrice and good morning everyone. Our teams delivered solid top and bottomline results in the second quarter with expansion in both gross and operating margin driving operating profit growth and double digit EPS growth. Globally, we also continue to make progress against our key strategic initiatives in the quarter with encouraging early signs of progress in our direct to consumer business in North America, our largest market. These included positive brick-and-mortar and digital comps in North America as well as Europe and Asia, sequential AURs improvement on top of difficult compares and inventory more closely aligned to our topline growth. Second quarter revenues increased 1% on a reported basis and 2% in constant currency. Our international business, which represents about 45% of our sales, delivered 7% topline growth in constant currency while North America was down 1%. Total company retail comps grew 2% in the quarter. Adjusted gross margin was up 60 basis points in the second quarter on a reported basis and up 80 basis points in constant currency. Gross margins benefited from AUR growth of 2% with favorable channel and geographic mix, coupled with pricing, promotion management and product assortment. All three regions delivered positive AUR growth. Looking ahead, we expect second half AUR to be incrementally stronger than the first half of the year, driving our full year expectation of low single digit AUR growth for fiscal 2020. This will be driven by, one, targeted price increases in select channels and categories based on competitive benchmarking and where we have a proven opportunity to play, two, accelerated product mix shifts such as an increased penetration of fleece and outerwear for fall holiday which are already resonating well with consumers and three, our ongoing strategy of pulling back promotions to improve quality of sales and elevate the brand globally across each of our distribution channels. While we are closely watching the broader competitive environment and in-season trends, we are pleased with our inventory position and remain focused on managing our inventory with discipline in order to mitigate promotional risk. Adjusted operating margin in the second quarter was 14.9%, up 100 basis points on a reported basis and up 130 basis points in constant currency. Adjusted operating profit dollars grew 8% to last year. SG&A expense declined to 46.6% of sales, down 30 basis points to last year, driven by cost reduction initiatives and lower marketing expense. Marketing decreased 10% in the quarter as we anniversaried last year's higher investments around our 50th Anniversary show and related events. However, we continue to expect marketing spend to grow ahead of our sales for full year fiscal 2020. Our teams remain focused on generating operating efficiencies across our business. Some key highlights from our second quarter include, first, we realized continued efficiencies across our supply chain including incremental productivity with our existing strategic sourcing partners, reduced freight cost contracts and lower air freight cost, all contributing to mitigating the cost of List 4 tariffs. On the product side, we reduced product cost in outerwear while also improving our on-time delivery rate by over 30% in order to drive sales and margin in this high potential underpenetrated category. At the same time, we also improved our overall value proposition by significantly increasing the use of sustainable materials in our outerwear production. Our continued work on corporate expenses delivered a 10% reduction in corporate overhead. This includes our ongoing vendor renegotiations process where we are addressing over 100 global indirect spend contracts this year, driving savings of about 15% from our previous contracts and we continue to digitize the way we work to drive both productivity and a better consumer experience. We recently completed the successful transition of our order management system for ralphlauren.com in North America, which will enable the implementation of new omnichannel functionality and improved mobile experience, personalization and more, all at a significant saving to our previous provider. Moving on to our segment performance, starting with North America. Revenue decreased 1% in the second quarter, as growth in our retail business was more than offset by our wholesale revenue declines. Adjusted operating margin was 22.7%, a 100 basis point decrease to last year with operating margin expansion in our retail businesses more than offset by gross margin contraction and SG&A deleverage in our wholesale business on lower sales. In the retail channel in North America, comps were up 2% as both brick-and-mortar comps and sales on our own digital commerce site, each grew 2%. Brick-and-mortar comps were driven by a 2% increase in AUR. In the second quarter, we tested targeted email offers, improved outlet window signage and leveraged page search optimization to mitigate traffic challenges. At factory, AUR and comp conversion both improved in the quarter and we continue to focus on driving better traffic trends through increased marketing, refreshed store experiences and product improvement, including expansion in underdeveloped categories like outerwear. Comps in our North America directly operated digital commerce business were up 2% above our expectations. Positive growth from domestic consumers was partially offset by lower sales to international shoppers on our U.S. site, as Patrice discussed. We expect to reduce sales to international shoppers to continue to pressure our North America digital comps through the rest of fiscal 2020. Through the second half, digital sales to our domestic online shoppers are expected to improve. Our teams are focused on driving higher conversion among domestic consumers through, one, favorable product mix towards categories like outerwear or fleece and two, investing in improved mobile functionality, site architecture and personalization to drive more relevant content. Moving on to North America wholesale. Second quarter revenue declined 6%. Excluding off-price, our underlying North America wholesale business was down high single digits in the second quarter, as expected. While our market share increased slightly in our men's polo business, we continue to see modest share declines in women's as Lauren underperformed the market. We continue to work on improving our product mix while also driving a return to core categories in Lauren's women's. Additionally, we continue to improve the consumer experience in the wholesale channel through in-store refreshes, expansion into underpenetrated categories and increased marketing. With North America now mobilized under new leadership at both wholesale and regional level, it will take some time for our wholesale business to start reflecting these improvements. Moving on to Europe. Second quarter revenue was up 3% on a reported basis and 8% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margins expanded 170 basis points on a reported basis and 220 basis points in constant currency. Operating margin expansion was driven by strong gross margins and SG&A leverage. In the retail channel in Europe, comps were up 3%, driven by a 13% increase in our own digital commerce sites and a 2% increase in our brick-and-mortar stores. The increase in our directly operated European digital commerce business was above our expectation, driven by solid merchandising execution and traffic increases. Our sites continue to benefit from platform enhancements, more targeted performance marketing and further localization of regional sites. Across our Europe direct to consumer channels, our ongoing effort to elevate the brand and improve product mix continued in the second quarter, with AUR up 6% on top of a strong 8% increase last year. Wholesale revenue in Europe was up 7% in constant currency in the second quarter and also ahead of our expectations. The strong performance reflected solid sell-out trends driving stronger reorders particularly with our digital pure play partners, modest distribution growth with both digital and wholesale partners similar to the last few quarters and a shift in timing of shipments to a key digital pure play account from the back half of fiscal 2020 into Q2. Turning to Asia. Revenue was up 4% on a reported basis and 5% in constant currency in the second quarter. We saw solid performance across nearly every market in Asia including China Mainland sales growth of over 20% in constant currency. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in this region and we continue to increase our digital efforts, expand and elevate our store fleet and engage with local influencers and celebrities. Comps in Asia increased 1% with positive AUR growth and a strong contribution from our newer doors. In Hong Kong, where we have several important retail doors, heavy protest disruption drove the equivalent of 48 full days of store closures during the quarter. These closures, along with significantly lower tourism, drove declines in our Hong Kong business and negatively impacted our total Asia comp by about three points. While we expect Hong Kong to remain a near term headwind, we are encouraged by continued momentum in the rest of Asia and we still expect positive fiscal 2020 comp growth for this segment as we invest in our distribution network and drive marketing to amplify and elevate the brand. Adjusted operating margin was up 140 basis points to last year driven by strong gross margin expansion. Moving onto the balance sheet. Our balance sheet remains strong and we continue to return capital to shareholders. We ended the year with about $1.6 billion in cash and investments and $693 million in total debt which compares to $1.9 billion in cash and investments and $684 million in debt at the end of last year's second quarter. We accelerated our share repurchases to $250 million in shares in the second quarter. We will continue to opportunistically buy back stock and remain on track to complete our target of about $600 million in repurchases for fiscal 2020. Moving on to inventory. At the end of the second quarter, inventory was up 2% to last year, improving significantly from up 11% at the end of the first quarter. Inventory growth was driven by Asia to support our strategic expansion of retail distribution in that market. North America inventory growth was moderately above sales trends, but improved sequentially. And Europe inventories were down significantly as we started to anniversary last year's investments in our factory stores. We continue to expect second half inventories to remain relatively aligned with our sales outlook. Now I would like to turn to guidance for the full year and third quarter of fiscal 2020. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges and reflects our best assessment of the global retail landscape in the context of increased volatility from macroeconomic and geopolitical events. For the full year fiscal 2020, we are maintaining guidance of 2% to 3% revenue growth in constant currency introduced at the beginning of this year, but now expect results closer to the low end of this range. Foreign currency is now expected to have about 130 basis points of negative impact on revenue growth based on currency shifts. We are maintaining our operating margin guidance for fiscal 2020 of 40 to 60 basis points expansion in constant currency, driven primarily by gross margin expansion and slight SG&A leverage. Foreign currency is estimated to have about 20 basis points of negative impact on operating margin in fiscal 2020. While these topline expectations are still within our original guidance, our outlook now incorporates intensifying headwinds and some continued temporary door closures in Hong Kong, pressuring both Asia comp and retail expense leverage. Nevertheless, we are maintaining our full year operating margin guidance despite the headwinds from Hong Kong along with increased tariff related startup costs as we buildout new regional sourcing operations and our initiatives to prepare for a potential Brexit. Based on the tariffs enacted to date, our guidance includes about $10 million in negative impact to our fiscal 2020 cost of goods. Meanwhile, we have maintained our commitment to accelerate marketing investments to position the company for sustainable long term growth. We now expect other income of approximately $10 million for the year, down to the prior year, as a result of lower interest rates and accelerated share repurchases, reducing our interest income. For the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenues to be flat in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by 70 to 90 basis points in the quarter. We expect disruptions in Hong Kong to negatively impact revenue by about $10 million in the quarter. Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be flat to down 20 basis points in constant currency. This is primarily due to the timing of SG&A investments with our highest dollar marketing in the third quarter this year and temporary duplicate rent as we consolidate our New York headquarters, more than offsetting gross margin expansion in the quarter. Foreign currency is expected to have a minimal impact on the operating margin in the third quarter. Third quarter tax rate is estimated at 21%. In closing, we continue to be vigilant regarding the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment and we are committed to maintaining discipline on costs and inventory as we elevate the brand and return the company to sustainable growth and value creation. We are proud of the work our teams around the world are doing to execute on our next great chapter plan. Guided by Ralph's creative vision, our teams are executing with agility and a passion for the brand. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Paul Trussell: Good morning and congrats on quite solid results.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning Paul.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you Paul.
Paul Trussell: There are a number of notable headwinds in the marketplace, some of which have led your peers to reduce their go-forward expectations. In your view, what drove your performance in Q2? And what are you seeing in the business that enables you to maintain your earnings guidance for the full year? And on North America specifically, could you speak to your surprising positive comps and the outlook for the region? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Hi. Good morning Paul. Thanks for your question. The first thing I really want to say is, I am really proud of the way our teams executed this quarter because, as you mentioned, we were able to exceeded expectations while dealing with a wide range of challenges from tariffs, the Hong Kong situation, the Brexit uncertainty and the further acceleration of our supply chain moves. This coupled with the organizational changes that we talked about over the past few months really gives us confidence that we should just continue to running the play through our next great chapter plan, obviously with a higher degree of agility that's required in today's context. On the specific drivers of this quarter's performance that we believe are sustainable, there is probably four I would call out. The first one is the fact that we are seeing brand momentum both with new consumers and with current consumers and we have had, I think as you have heard during our prepared remarks, a number of high impact marketing activities during the quarter. One I would highlight is the application we did on Wimbledon globally through celebrities and influencers around the world. Second driver is product, right. I think we have seen this quarter is the beginning of a better balance between core, seasonal core and fashion product, coupled with exciting growth in outerwear as we go into the holiday season. Third area is distribution. And one of our big priorities is to continue to elevate the brand presence, the shopping experience for consumers wherever they shop, be that in brick-and-mortar or in digital. And we are also continuing to expand both in Europe and Asia and have significant growth opportunities moving forward in those two regions. And the final point is, while we are investing behind all these initiatives, we are continuing to drive operating efficiencies and cost discipline. Now specifically to your question on North America. We were very pleased with the comp performance this quarter of 2%. The key thing I would highlight here is the during progress we made in our full price stores were the result of marketing and really bringing consumers into the store, the result of engagements with our VIPs and the change we made in our compensation structure to really drive a total team push in our respective stores has really played out very nicely. We are also encouraged by the progress we are making on our website, particularly with domestic consumers and also continued to see good progress in our factory outlets.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I would say, Paul, that we were really pleased with Q2 and our ability to maintain our fiscal 2020 guidance. As we look at some of the headwinds that we named, from Hong Kong to tariffs to Brexit, it's about $0.25 to $0.30 to EPS. And what we have really been able to do is to have our teams react in a very agile fashion and what we are seeing is that continued momentum on AUR, plus our brick-and-mortar conversion improvements that we are seeing in our stores, notably in North America and continued strong performance across Europe and Asia are what's enabling us to hold our overall operating margin guidance and our revenue guidance through the year. So really proud of the teams. And we see those drivers as durable throughout the rest of this year.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Hi guys. Good morning. Thanks for our questions. I add my congrats on a good quarter, specially the North American comp. I know it's the best number you have seen in a while.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks Michael.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Michael Binetti: Any initial response to those U.S. price increases would be helpful. But I did want to talk about the outlook for second half for a minute, Jane. The guidance you give us implies the operating profit growth rate to slow and even potentially turn negative on a year-over-year basis at the end of the year. The 20118 Analyst Day guidance assumes operating profit growth each year. Can you give us some high level thoughts on how to think about the lower, even negative, growth rate at the end of this year? And how you see that starting to improve into next year, in particular North America where your operating margins have been negative on year-over-year basis? I think it's really a sentiment of the ongoing declines in wholesale and you guys make very good money in that channel. So those losses are profitable. Can you speak to how you look at North America margins in the second half? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. In terms of the first part of your questions, which is U.S. price increases, we are still in early days. As you will recall, Michael, we set first tranche of prices in late September, early October. While it's too soon to call, we are encouraged by what we saw through back to school and through the early days of the work that. So that is sort of guiding our own guidance for AUR growth in the low single digit range for the full year and an increase in AUR as we move through the back half. While we anticipate some headwinds in third quarter from an OI margin perspective, we still are guiding and maintaining our guidance for OI expansion for the fiscal year, which puts us in line for continued operating margin expansion through the course of our next great chapter plan. As we laid out the guidance, we knew that some things would respond better than others. With their puts and takes we are certainly encouraged right now by our gross margin progress that we are making. And then other things would take longer to turn like North America wholesale. We are just really focused on our pressure areas, the Lauren brand, the Polo brand is performing in wholesale. Were back to investing in marketing with our wholesale partners and are really focused on sell-out in that channel. That will be the ultimate metric pf performance in that channel. And so we still feel good as we look to our five-year guidance with that mid-teens operating margin target that we laid out over a year-and-a-half ago.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and congrats on a nice quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks Matt.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks Matt.
Matthew Boss: So on the gross margin, maybe Jane, what was the break down of the 80 basis points constant currency expansion in the second quarter? How best to think about puts and takes for the back half of the year? And then as we think multiyear, I guess maybe Jane again, how would you rank the buckets of continued gross margin expansion opportunity versus any headwinds to consider as we are thinking beyond this year?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So let me lay out what happened in this quarter first because I think it provides good context to the back half of the year. As I look at pricing, promotion management and assorting in to higher AUR and gross margin overall product, that is a little over half of the benefit that we saw from gross margin expansion. We also got some benefits from channel and geographic mix. As you know, we expect those to be durable through the course of the plan with greater and lesser puts and takes. And obviously, we called out the pressure points from FX and some ongoing tariff benefits, which is small today based on the tariffs that were enacted in Q2, but we expect to be the biggest point of increasing pressure as we move through the back half of the year. Now counterbalancing that as we move into the back half, we expect that some of our pricing actions will start to kick in. And we go in with tighter inventory positions and edited but improving assortments that should improve our excess positions as we move through the back half of the year. So an encouraging start, a little ahead of where we thought we would be but a driver through the remainder of FY 2020.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Hi. Good morning everyone. Let me add my congrats. Two quick ones for Jane, I think. Could you just help us understand what's embedded in the North America wholesale plan for the back half and if there is any variability between Q3 and Q4? And then any color around off-price versus the traditional U.S. wholesale within that? And then just really quickly, you had commented I think that the Q2 digital comp had some benefit from timing from a very big partner. Should we be expecting the digital European comp to be much less robust in the back half or any specific quarter? Just trying to understand what's going on there. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. A multi-part question. All right. Let me start with the first part which is what's embedded in our back half outlook for North America wholesale. We don't guide regions and certainly not channels but I can tell you, Ike, that what we see today with our sell-out trends down mid to high single digits, we are expecting that to continue through the back half of this year. We are focused on our sell-out trends. We believe that we will be making some edits into the spring that will be better. But until we have better sell-out trends, that's our expectations for the revenue that we will report which is sell-in and so that's our expectation and that's embedded in the back half of the year. Always working to improve and we think that you will start to see that as we maintain a new leadership set but that will be closer to the start of our next fiscal. If you think about the color on overall North America off-price, this quarter off-price, especially in North America, was essentially about flattish. We had a pullback in some of our cut it business that we, in order to keep our inventories clean, had some flow of overall excess. I expect that that trend, as we use it as an excess channel, it will be a little choppy as we move through the back half of the year. And then on Q2 and back half European digital trends, we did in preparation for holiday accelerate a little bit of shipments into Q2 to one of our larger customers and that we expect that for fiscal 2020 digital comps will be at a more normalized level following last year's replatforming in the second half. But the total ecosystem will be a low double digit comp for the year.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kate Fitzsimons: Yes. Hi. Good morning, I will add my congratulations. I wanted to dig a bit more into the North American digital comp plus 2%. Can you just speak to what drove that sequential gain? It sounds like you saw some resonance with some mobile investments domestically. So just wanted to hear more about what changes were made in the quarter and what gives you confidence that business can continue to improve go forward? And I guess when you benchmark your digital and mobile experience relative to peers, where do you really see as the opportunity go forward on as we look to 2020? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So we had a number of things that kicked in, in the quarter and we continue to see it raise the bar, right. So for me, it's a continued journey. First intervention is the mobile dimension which you touched on. So optimizing the mobile experience through both better site navigation and better search functionality. The second piece is, we launched Apple Pay, right. And we want make sure that we have all the payment approaches that our target consumers want to use. The third area is, as we looked at our email segmentation, we were more precise in our email targeting and so we are seeing some benefits from that and I expect that to actually strengthen over time. And then the last one, which is important because we want to make sure we provide great customer service, we moved to actually 24/4 customer service call support during this quarter and obviously we are going to continue to do that. And then as you look at the next phases of capability that we are building on the site, continuing to build out the mobile functionality, personalization, big focus areas for us. And then the whole connected retail piece, whether it's buy online, find in store and buy online store, pickup in store. So those have been drivers that have helped our business this past quarter. The progress was, remember last time we talked about how there is a bifurcation between our domestic consumers and our international business. So our domestic consumer progress was solid this quarter. Our international business continues to be pressured because of the foreign exchange dynamics and because of the import restrictions, particularly in China and in Korea.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I would just add that we expect that some of that international pressure will continue through the balance of this year.
Patrice Louvet: Will continue, yes, right.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Your line is open.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good morning everyone. And I also want to say congratulation on the nice progress. As you think about Hong Kong and obviously the uncertainty there, how you are planning that going forward? The down 27% that you had this quarter, how do you see that progressing? And then on new channels of distribution that you mentioned, Patrice, how do you balance out new channels with wholesale? Where do you see the endgame winding up with wholesale as a percent of sales and perhaps some of these new channels? And is there a margin differential? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Dana, why don't I start on Hong Kong and then I will turn it over to Patrice. So as we look at Hong Kong this quarter, it was about a three point pressure to overall Asia comp. As we look forward to Q3, we are expecting that pressure to accelerate and it will be about four to five points of negative impact on Asia comp as we move forward. We have seen like many others, the tourist falloff has accelerated and door closures due to protest, we don't expect to improve. And it's embedded in our guidance for Q3.
Patrice Louvet: And then on the channel play. So listen, we have a very simple principle. We want to be where the consumer wants to shop us. And it's clear that there is new model that consumers are excited about where we want to play. So rental, subscription, retail, all right. So on rental, I think we have actually been on rental runway for several months. We just started on Nuuly. We are excited about that. And there are other platforms that we are looking at. Initial results are quite encouraging. So very early days, but encouraged by the progress. Subscription, whether that's Stitch Fix or Trunk Club, are also performing well for us and we want make sure we are there and we play to win there. And then we are starting on retail. We had an activity with Depop in the U.K. where results were quite encouraging. And obviously given the nature of our brand, timelessness, basically more style driven than seasonal fashion driven, more focus on quality, we think we are actually very well-positioned to play to win in that segment. Listen, your crystal ball is going to be as good as mine, Dana, on this one in terms of what share of the business it will be down the road. The consumer, I think, will tell us that based on their behaviors and the services that we can offer. But our mindset is, we want to build an ecosystem that's consumer centric and within that ecosystem wholesale still has a very important to play, both brick-and-mortar and.com. And so we want make sure we are where the consumer expects us to be. We are well set up for success in those channels where the brand can show up in the right way as well as in the developing new channels. I think the key thing from me here and I am very proud of the work that the teams are doing here, is the agility that the organization is demonstrating because typically we wouldn't necessarily be as nimble on some of these new opportunities. And I think there has been a lot of wonderful work done internally to take advantage of these opportunities and to have a bit of a first-mover advantage on some of them.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Rick Patel with Needham & Co. Your line is open.
Rick Patel: Good morning and well done managing the tough environment. I had a question on marketing. So it sounds like some of the efforts to leverage the targeted performance channels are working very well. Should we expect more of this in the back half? And does that mean that you will move away from some of the brand-building investment you have made in the past? Or should marketing grow across all channels? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you Rick. Well, listen, first of all, our end goal is one-to-one marketing, right. I mean that's where we want to go. Now that's probably a few years away still. But that's certainly the personalization journey we are on across all elements of our marketing. So you will see, no, we are not going to get down to quarter-by-quarter specifics on this, but you will see us continue to increase personalization focused both mobile, on our site and in our email activities, so that the page that you get when you sign on to our site is dramatically different than the page that I get when I sign on. That will not be done at the expense of overall brand-building activities like our shows, like our partnerships with sports, like our limited editions. But it's really about being more efficient in the way we spend our money. And I think what we will find with personalization is actually we will be able to be a lot more effective and efficient with each dollar being spent. We are still on the trajectory to get to 5% of sales expense in marketing by the end of the five-year phase. We expect marketing to continue to grow ahead of revenue this year as well, just like we had over the past two fiscal years. So think of us playing across the pallet of marketing tools, but indeed with a deliberate focus on ultimately getting to one-to-one marketing.
Jane Nielsen: And expect marketing dollars to grow in the second half, Rick.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well listen, thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our third quarter fiscal 2020 results with you in early February. And in the meantime, have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn over the conference to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's first quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you Cori. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's call. We delivered first quarter results in line with our overall expectations including better than expected operating margin and double-digit EPS growth. Our performance this quarter was driven by strong continued momentum in our international markets both Europe and Asia and expense discipline across the organization. At the same time we continued to invest in elevating our brands and stabilize our North America business against a more volatile backdrop.  As we indicated at the start of this fiscal year we are monitoring the global retail environment closely particularly around trade and macro conditions. Our teams remain intensely focused on managing through potential industry headwinds and executing on our strategic plan to deliver long-term sustainable growth and value creation. The three principles underlying this work include putting the consumer at the center of everything we do, elevating the brand, and balancing growth and productivity. During the first quarter we continue to drive our performance against the five strategic priorities that we laid out as part of our five year plan. These include first, win over new generation of consumers; second, energized core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories; third, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels; four, lead with digital across all activities; and fifth, operate with discipline to fuel growth. Starting with win over a new generation of consumers. In the first quarter we increased marketing investments by 19% to last year. We continued to shift our spend to channels that matter most to consumers today namely digital and social. Our key marketing initiatives this quarter centered around our Earth Polo launch, our new family campaign, and key sporting events that have cultural resonance and global appeal. In April we launched our Earth Polo made entirely of recycled plastic bottles and a waterless dyeing process. While the launch marked an important early step in our long-term sustainability efforts, it is only the beginning of our journey which I'll discuss in more detail momentarily. The product generated a strong consumer response and the campaign had a meaningful impact from a marketing perspective with over a 1 billion earned media impressions globally and strong social media attraction. We also launched our Family is Who You Love global campaign in April, a positive and inspiring celebration of inclusion in modern families however you define them. This combined with our pride campaign and capsule collection in June also drove over a 1 billion media impressions globally. We kicked off our summer sports program with the golf majors including a special capsule collection with Ralph Lauren Golf Ambassador Justin Thomas. And more recently you may have seen our high impact activations around Wimbledon where we are the official outfitters. We launched an integrated global campaign in July combining Wimbledon heritage with Gen Z activations including a YouTube series, our first gaming experience, an in-store and on site events with influencers, celebrities, and top clients. We have more exciting initiatives still to come including the U.S. Open Tennis Championships next month. We continued our partnerships with celebrities and influencers globally in the quarter. You may have seen Jennifer Lopez in the Ralph Lauren at the CFDA Awards this June as she collected the fashion icon award. Ralph Lauren earned the highest media impact value across all brands from the event according to the CFDA. We also announced JLo's fianc Alex Rodriguez as the new face of our Polo Blue fragrance. Other celebrity dressing this quarter included Selena Gomez at Coachella, Emma Roberts, Oprah, J.J. Lynn and K-pop band BTS. And lastly you may have seen that Ralph received honorary knighthood from Great Britain in June in recognition of his extensive philanthropic efforts, influence on global style, and longtime love of British heritage and culture. Ralph is the first American designer to receive this honor which garnered worldwide media attention. It was a very special moment for Ralph, his family, and all of us at Ralph Lauren. Moving on to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high potential under developed categories. We continue to drive our product assortment across three different areas which for clarity we are defining as core, seasonal core, and seasonal fashion. Core includes iconic Ralph Lauren styles like the classic mesh polo shirt, Chino pants, army jacket, cable knit sweater, or Oxford button down shirt. Seasonal core products are iterations of our core items that are animated with fresh seasonal color ways or finishes. And seasonal fashion consists of more fashion oriented and embellished products that center around a seasonal theme or collection. This includes our limited edition series that deliver newness and excitement.  In Q1 our core and seasonal core styles resonated well across channels and continued to be a key driver of our top line performance. We're excited about the work Ralph and the design teams have done to reenergize the heart of the business. These styles are not only appealing to existing consumers but also to new and younger consumers. As we discussed last quarter we are working to get the mix right across these three product categories for each channel better aligning to consumer demand. In Q1 we took clear actions to focus our teams on the strategic rebalancing.  First, we expanded the scope of our experienced international merchant team to lead a new global merchandising effort that now includes North America. This team is now leveraging their proven track record of sharply aligning buys to consumer demand and successfully targeting a new younger consumer to the North American market. Second, our design teams have increased our penetration of core and seasonal core versus seasonal fashion products to focus on our most productive and appealing styles starting with our spring 2020 collections. While our penetration of seasonal product will become more balanced we will continue to leverage these propositions along with our special projects and limited edition capsules like this quarter's Polo Sport to bring newness and excitement to the marketplace.  Moving through our five high potential underdeveloped categories that have significant growth potential across our brands, these include denim, outerwear wear, wear to work, footwear, and accessories. We saw strong continued momentum this quarter in denim and outerwear which were the furthest developed of the five categories. Sell in and sell out trends for both categories exceeded total company performance. Based on an encouraging launch last fall we are rolling out an expanded presentation of outerwear at our own DTC and wholesale channels for Fall Winter 2019. Touching on product pricing which Jane will address in more detail in her prepared remarks, our total direct to consumer AUR was up 1% in the first quarter on top of a strong 8% increase in the first quarter of last year. While still positive this moderation primarily reflects the steps we are taking to reduce our disproportionate seasonal fashion inventory in North America.  Moving on to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. As we previously discussed we are building a cohesive brand elevating Ralph Lauren experience across our retail, wholesale, and digital commerce presence in key cities around the world. During the first quarter we opened 21 new stores and concessions globally and closed nine locations. This included 13 openings in Asia with seven in Greater China, our fastest growing market. Our eco system approach continued to drive strong growth in Greater China in the quarter with sales up 12% the last year in constant currency including nearly 30% growth in Mainland China driven by comp growth and new stores. In Europe we opened four owned and partnered full price stores and two factory stores. While we are making good progress we still have significant expansion opportunities with only 36 full price stores across Europe. Moving on to our fourth key initiative lead with digital. Our global digital eco system including our directly operated sites, department store dot-com, pure players, and social commerce increased 1% in the first quarter in constant currency. Strong growth of nearly 10% in international was partly offset by mixed results in North America. Across international we continued to expand our distribution notably with digital pure players. In Asia we added two exciting new digital partners in the first quarter, ZALORA in Southeast Asia and the social commerce platform of Kakao, the largest messaging platform in Korea.  In Europe we added six new wholesale digital partners in the quarter. These included Browns Fashion, a key specialty player that resonates with younger trend leading consumers and curated luxury retailers Fenwick both in the UK. Our directly operated digital sites in Europe also saw strong momentum delivering 22% comp growth this quarter. Turning to North America, our overall digital eco system in this market performed below our expectations in the quarter. Very strong double-digit growth in digital pure players was more than offset by softer trends on Ralph Lauren and Wholesale Dot Com. First starting with digital pure players, we continued to see strong momentum with partners who are extending our reach to new and younger consumers. In the first quarter we launched men's polo on PacSun.com and men's and women's polo on ASOS. We also added distribution of women's polo to Rent the Runway joining Lauren and Club Monaco on that platform which resonates with our target next generation consumer.  Second, comps in our own North America digital site were flat. Softness was primarily driven by a decline in sales to international consumers on our U.S. site due to FX headwinds and increased import regulations in key Asian markets and select underperforming products within Lauren in men's polo seasonal fashion styles. And lastly North America Wholesale.com was also weaker than expected driven primarily by the product issues we discussed on Lauren similar to Q4 trends. North America digital commerce is clearly an area of intense focus for us as we work toward consistently delivering our long-term target of low double-digit digital growth globally. Under our new global merchandising effort we've taken decisive action to rebalance our assortments and expect these changes to start flowing through in the back half of fiscal 2020.  Let me touch on our fifth key initiative, operate with discipline to fuel growth. We continued to challenge every cost and improve our efficiencies in the first quarter. Adjusted operating margin expansion of a 110 basis points exceeded our expectations driven by disciplined expense management and SG&A leverage. This cost discipline enabled us to continue expanding our marketing investment and global retail presence while increasing operating profit and operating margin.  And lastly I'd like to touch on the citizenship and sustainability strategy we launched in June which we call Design the Change. Our strategy and accompanying report represent our commitment to create more sustainable products, reduce our overall environmental footprint across our operations, and support and empower our teams and partners around the world. We introduce 16 key citizenship and sustainability goals that touch every area of our business and drive accountability across our organization. Key targets we expect to reach by 2025 range from reducing water usage by 25% across our operations and value chain to achieving gender parity within our leadership at Ralph Lauren. As we continue to cultivate the best talent to deliver on our strategy, we are proud that Ralph Lauren achieved certified status as a great place to work in the U.S. for the second year in a row. We were also recognized in the Top 50 on Forbes annual list of America's best employers for women.  In closing we are focused on executing our strategic plan to deliver long-term sustainable growth and value creation. Each member of our engaged and motivated global team is contributing to deliver on our plan and I know I speak for Ralph and the entire leadership team when I say that we are inspired and energized by their dedication and excellent execution every day. With that I'll turn it over to Jane and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you Patrice and good morning everyone. Our first quarter financial results were in line with our expectations led by ongoing strength in Europe and Asia and growth in North America despite a more volatile retail backdrop. Globally our teams delivered solid top and bottom line results including operating margin expansion and double-digit EPS growth and we made progress against several of our key strategic initiatives globally. First quarter revenues increased 5% in constant currency and 3% on a reported basis. Our international business which represents about 45% of our sales delivered 7% top line growth in constant currency while North America delivered growth of 3%.  Adjusted gross margin was up 10 basis points in the first quarter on a reported basis and flat in constant currency slightly better than our expectation of flat to down in the first half. Gross margins benefited from favorable product, geographic and channel mix largely offset by increased promotional activity in North America. Total company retail comps grew 2% in the quarter, AURs were up 1% with low single-digit growth in international. This was partially offset by a 1% decline in North America AUR due to increased promotional activity in our bricks and mortar channels to move through excess seasonal fashion inventory from spring. Looking ahead we still expect to drive AUR over the next three quarters consistent with our guidance of low to mid single-digit growth for fiscal 2020 and longer-term.  AUR growth this year will be driven primarily in Europe and Asia by our ongoing strategy to elevate the brand, improve pricing and promotions, and accelerate product mix shifts such as an increased penetration of fleece and outerwear. We also expect positive albeit more moderate levels of AUR growth in North America as we one, rebalance assortments across core, seasonal core, and seasonal fashion products; two, mix into higher priced product categories; and three, take targeted price increases in select categories based on competitive benchmarking and where we have a proven opportunity to play. Our guidance assumes that these North America AUR drivers will be partly tempered by a continuation of increased liquidation pressure in the near-term to clear seasonal fashion product for Lauren and select men's polo fashion.  We will continue to balance an appropriate level of promotional activity with our long-term strategy of improving quality of sales and elevating the brand. Adjusted operating margin in the first quarter was 12.2% up 110 basis points as our teams drove SG&A leverage on top line growth. Adjusted operating profit dollars grew 14% to last year. SG&A expense declined to 52.3% of sales down 100 basis points to last year driven by top line leverage and cost reduction initiatives. Marketing spend increased 19% in the first quarter. We continue to make progress towards our long-term objective of increasing marketing to about 5% of sales while also focusing on productivity to achieve our operating margin expansion goal.  Our teams remain focused on driving operating efficiencies across our business. Some key areas of savings to highlight in the first quarter are first, our supply chain end to end remains an important opportunity for productivity. We reduced our Q1 air freight expense by 50% to last year as we optimized our ocean freight programs. We also realized opportunities on the products side. We reengineered our outerwear to use innovative, recycled materials in our jackets. This enabled us to upgrade an existing product to a more premium and sustainable version for the consumer while driving savings on raw material costs.  Our work on corporate expenses also continued. Our focus on reviewing and putting nearly all our vendor contracts out to bid is generating savings without compromising quality. We continue to see a double-digit reduction in associated expenses through our renegotiated contracts. In Q1 we reduced our media partners around the world from 12 agencies to 4 and consolidated our media buys under one global lead partner to drive scale and efficiency. We also completed the sale of our corporate jet in the first quarter and donated the entirety of the proceeds to the Polo Ralph Lauren Foundation as we work to drive meaningful cultural shift in our organizations cost and corporate responsibility mindset. And we will continue to simplify our organization to improve agility and empower our leaders as illustrated by some of our recent changes. Moving on to our segment performance starting with North America, revenue increased 3% in the first quarter with growth from wholesale and newly renovated stores partly offset by weaker than expected retail comps. Adjusted operating margin was 21.9%, a 100 basis point decrease to last year largely due to gross margin contraction on higher promotional activity across channels. In the retail channel in North America comps were up 1% including about a 300 basis points of benefit from the Easter shift into the first quarter. Brick and mortar comps increased 1%, softness was driven by continued traffic, challenges and a modest decline in AUR due to increased promotions this spring to clear select seasonal fashion product and keep inventories healthy. In the first quarter foreign tourist traffic was down 3%. While traffic trends were disappointing in the quarter notably in May we were encouraged by improvements we implemented towards the end of the period including an outlet. Moving forward we will continue to test and implement additional measures to mitigate traffic challenges such as improved search optimization, marketing partnerships with our mall center operators, and more targeted signage. Comps in our North America directly operated digital commerce business were flat below our expectations. We believe this was due to a combination of two factors; first, we saw diverging trends between sales to domestic versus international shoppers in the quarter. Domestic sales which comprised the majority of our digital business were up in the quarter while foreign sales were down double-digits. Similar to foreign tourists declines at our U.S. brick and mortar stores, we attribute this decline to increased headwinds from FX along with more punitive import restrictions in key Asian markets. Second, last quarter we called out a few areas where we were over assorted including select Lauren and men's polo seasonal fashion styles. We're actively addressing these issues by rebalancing our product offering as Patrice discussed. We expect declines in international shoppers to continue pressuring our North America digital comps through the rest of fiscal 2020 based on FX and tighter import restrictions with the biggest decline in Q2. However, we expect improved trends from our domestic online shoppers starting in the back half of the year. Our teams are focused on driving higher conversion among domestic consumers through one, favorable product mix towards categories like outerwear and two, investing in improved mobile functionality and personalization to drive more relevant content.  Moving on to North America wholesale, first quarter revenue was up 2%. Excluding off-price our underlying North America wholesale business was also up slightly in the first quarter. We still expect Q1 will be the strongest quarter of the year as the North America retail environment has become somewhat more volatile in recent months. Moving on to Europe, first quarter revenue was up 2% on a reported basis and 7% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margins expanded 100 basis points on a reported basis and 10 basis points in constant currency. Operating margin expansion was driven by strong gross margins.  In the retail channel in Europe comps were up 4% driven by a 22% increase in our own digital commerce sites and a 2% increase in our brick and mortar stores. Our increase in directly operating European digital commerce business was above our expectations driven by solid merchandising execution and a strong double-digit traffic increase. Our sites benefited from platform enhancements and more targeted performance marketing and further localization of our Spanish and Italian sites in the quarter.  Across our Europe direct to consumer channels our ongoing effort to elevate the brand and improve product mix continued in the first quarter with AUR of 2% on top of a strong 9% increase last year. Wholesale revenue in Europe was up 5% in constant currency in the first quarter and ahead of our expectations reflecting solid sell in trends and modest distribution growth with both digital and wholesale partners similar to the last few quarters. Turning to Asia, revenue was up 4% on a reported basis and 8% in constant currency in the first quarter. We saw solid performance across nearly every market in Asia led by Mainland China sales growth of nearly 30% in constant currency. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in this region and we continue to increase our digital efforts, expand and elevate our store fleet, and engage with local influencers and celebrities. Comps in Asia increased 5% driven by 3% AUR growth and a strong contribution from our newer doors. We expect continued comp growth in Asia as we invest in our distribution network and increased our marketing initiatives to amplify and elevate the brand. Adjusted operating margin was up 150 basis points to last year driven by strong gross margin expansion.  Moving on to the balance sheet, our balance sheet remains strong and we continue to return capital to shareholders. We ended the year with about 2 billion in cash and investments and 692 million in total debt which compares to 2.1 billion in cash and investments and 587 million in debt at the end of last year's first quarter. We repurchased a $150 million in shares in the first quarter, we will continue to opportunistically buy back stock with about 600 million in repurchase plan for full fiscal 2020.  Moving on to inventory, at the end of the first quarter inventory was up 11% to last year. The highest growth rate was in Asia to support our strategic expansion of retail distribution in that market. This was followed by Europe where we started making investments to get back into normalized inventories in our Europe factory stores during the second quarter of fiscal 2019. We still expect to anniversary these increases as we move into the second half of this fiscal year.  And lastly inventory growth in North America modestly outpaced top line growth in the first quarter which was partially driven by our decision to accelerate select portions in inventory to get ahead of potential China tariffs. We continue to expect inventories in the second half to be more closely aligned to our sales outlook. In light of the dynamic trade environment particularly China and BREXIT we will continue to opportunistically evaluate our inventory shipments to North America and the UK and diversify our global supply chain.  Now I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and second quarter of fiscal 2020. As a reminder this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges and reflects our best assessment of the global retail landscape in the context of increased volatility for macroeconomic and geopolitical events. For the full year fiscal 2020 we continue to expect revenues to be up 2% to 3% in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to have about a 90 to 100 basis point negative impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2020. We expect continued strength in our international businesses and a more challenging outlook for North America.  We continue to expect operating margin for fiscal 2020 to be up 40 to 60 basis points in constant currency driven by a combination of modest gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage. Foreign currency is estimated to have about a 10 to 20 basis points of negative impact on operating margin in fiscal 2020. For the second quarter of fiscal 2020 we expect revenues to be up about 1% in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by about 90 to 100 basis points in the quarter.  Operating margin for the second quarter is expected to be up 40 to 60 basis points in constant currency. Margin expansion is more weighted towards the first half of the year based on the timing of our marketing and new store investments. Foreign currency is expected to be about a 20 basis point headwind in the second quarter. We continue to expect capital expenditures of approximately 300 million in fiscal 2020 focused on consumer facing initiatives that have demonstrated a proof of concept and healthy rates of return including stores and digital as well as our corporate office consolidation project. We continue to expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 to be approximately 22%. Second quarter tax rate is estimated at 23%.  In closing we are committed to delivering on our next great chapter plan while navigating a more volatile global retail backdrop. We believe we have the key elements to achieve our long-term strategic targets, a strong balance sheet, a clear strategic roadmap, Ralph's enduring creative vision, and the passion and commitment of our 24,000 team members around the world. With that let's open up the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Michael Binetti: Hey guys, good morning Jane and Patrice, thanks for all the -- a lot of detail there. 
Jane Nielsen: Good morning Michael.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys, so if I tried some of the quarter looks like North America is still a little sluggish but your international business is very, very strong. Your reiterated guidance I would like to assume has taken into account better international trends. What gives you confidence your international regions will be able to carry the top line especially if North America backdrop remains sluggish like you said and then I had a quick follow-up if I could?
Patrice Louvet: Good, let me answer that one first and we will do your follow up later. 
Michael Binetti: Sure.
Patrice Louvet: Okay, well listen good morning. We are indeed pleased with our continued momentum both in Europe and Asia. If you kind of step back and look what the key drivers were for the performance there, they really center around the work our teams have done on brand, product, and distribution, alright. So let's actually start with product. Our product is actually resonating well with the Asian and European consumers and our team has done a very good job balancing our offering between core, seasonal core, and seasonal fashion across all the channels as well as and this is important as we think through AUR plans as well as mixing into higher AUR categories like outerwear or fleece.  On the brand front it is actually I find really inspiring to see the work that our teams are doing to elevate the brand and connect with our target consumers whether that's an existing consumer group or the new generation that we want to bring into the family. That's probably most visible in the recent highly impactful activation that the teams have done around Wimbledon in Europe and actually in parts of Asia as well and the unique connections that we've built with the key celebrities and influencers in China for example.  And then on the distribution front our teams are elevating our presence in existing quality distribution points while expanding both online and you heard a few examples through our prepared remarks and in full price stores leveraging our new Polo boutique formats both in Europe and in Asia. And all of that is translating into what we are working to build in key cities which is this consumer centric eco system which means the consumer wherever he or she wants to shop. So those are I would say three key drivers that have supported the Asian and European performance.  As we look ahead we're actually really energized by the growth opportunities for the many years to come. If you just think about two simple data points right across Europe and Asia, first is we only have 36 full price stores across all of Europe. Once you benchmark that versus where the consumer opportunity is versus where the competitive set is significant growth opportunities. Second is China only represents today despite a good progress that the group has made there over the past few months, only represents 3.5% of our total global business. Again when you benchmark that with a number of our peers you get a good indication of the upside opportunities there. So were encouraged and excited about what's ahead in both Europe and Asia.  What's also really important is many of the success drivers that we're seeing in Europe and Asia actually were very relevant for us in the U.S. as we continue to work on stabilizing and pivoting this important market back to growth. And I think you've seen that we've made a number of organizational changes over the past few months that will enable us to rapidly leverage these learnings in North America.
Michael Binetti: Sure, thanks for the detail. If I could just ask Jane back to your comments on AUR details that you gave, still positive globally but negative one in North America. You said you cleared some product, can you talk about the guidance, you signaled slight -- it seems like you're signaling a slight reacceleration of low to mid single-digits for the remainder of the year. In particular you mentioned some targeted price increases in North America. We haven't heard that from you in a while. Can you talk about where you see opportunity and maybe help us reconcile that with some of the ongoing expectations to stay competitive on the promotional backdrop in the North America industry?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, well as we look at pricing Michael we really see opportunities that we've called out in the past. So we continue to work on sharper promotion, we are continuing to move into better product and category mix, and a better balance of our merchandising assortment which is going to be favorable to pricing as we move forward. And then as you noted we called out that we have done competitive benchmarking and looked at select opportunities to take to get pricing in targeted and select areas. It is a part of our overall pricing approach and will really start to play out for us in the second half. But we've incorporated that into our guidance, we expect that our AUR journey will improve as we move into the second half while being cognizant that in North America with our efforts especially in the second quarter to move through some of our spring products, there will be a little more pressure on that AUR growth although we do expect overall AUR growth to improve more moderately in North America. 
Michael Binetti: Okay, very, very helpful. Thanks again for all the details.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. 
Matthew Boss: Thanks, a nice quarter in a tough backdrop. 
Jane Nielsen: Thanks Matt.
Matthew Boss: Maybe Patrice on the North American Apparel landscape both at wholesale and your own retail, I guess what exactly have you seen change versus maybe three or six months ago and I guess in light of that any changes specifically in your strategy necessarily to navigate the underlying reaching at cross currents [ph]?.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, so listen as we look at the overall picture actually the U.S. consumer remains relatively healthy, right, in our space. But we have taken a slightly more cautious view of the retail environment for the year ahead. We continue to clearly see challenges with brick and mortar traffic like both full price and outlets including foreign tourist volatility. And our focus now is really to make sure we offset this through higher conversion and accelerated efforts in marketing across channels in North America. Probably three things I would call out here, the first one is taking steps to mitigate the brick and mortar traffic and the promotional headwinds, right.  So if you look at the factory channel in particular we have a number of interventions underway. One is making sure we've got the right product mix and improving our offering across all the price points including elevated products as well as having the right entry price points. Two is working on our store marketing and particularly the window signage which is very important for this business. And then also working on marketing outside of the center to bring people into the center. So we're partnering with the landlords and leveraging all their platform probably more than we've ever done to really activate traffic and bring traffic into the center.  And then we were also raising the bar in terms of quality and targeting of our e-mail marketing. We have a very strong database that we can leverage and we're getting a lot more precise in terms of the messaging for the specific target group. So the combination of those factors we believe will lead to an improvement. And then you heard Jane talk about targeted price increases as well, right, where we believe we have largely driven by what we think the consumer reaction will be but where we believe we have pricing opportunities versus competition driven by I think the brand elevation work that we've done over the past few years. And the resulting increased value to the consumer. So let's say that's first intervention.  Second intervention as we look to really control our destiny with DTC it is actually focusing on digital improvement. We were really pleased with the traffic performance in North America RalphLauren.com this quarter up a very healthy 20%. Alright, so we want to fuel that but we also want make sure we're also translating that into strong conversion. So a number of interventions underway here, investments in mobile, about two thirds of all of our transactions are in mobile so it's very clear that that's how the consumer wants to interact and we're investing in strengthening our mobile capabilities whether that's how the visuals show up, how quickly the downloads happen, and so on and so forth. But you'll see significant progress on this front. Investment and personalization which we know is highly effective and that's actually coming in on stream over the next few days and weeks. Working on our omnichannel capabilities, we are really connecting the website to our stores so recently we just launched find in-store which allows you to identify in your local store through the website what products are available, you can book appointments on our website for your local store, and so on and so forth. And then finally realigning as we talked in our prepared remarks our buys to be better balanced across core, seasonal core, and seasonal fashion. And then the other parts of controlling our destiny with DTC is the marketing activities that you've seen us do and you'll see us continue to do and accelerate in parallel with the increased investments and that's building exciting brand experiences with events like the upcoming U.S. Open, like limited editions we just dropped Polo Sport this past quarter which did very well both in denim and the silver edition. And then continuing to strengthen our connections and our activations of influencers and celebrities.  Then finally we are investing in kind of the store experience and also exploring new channels particularly in the digital front alright so new channels like [indiscernible] Rent the Runway we now have three of our brands on Rent the Runway; Lauren, Club Monocle, and more recently Polo Women's was launched on Rent the Runway and we're seeing very positive response, we're excited about progress we're making there. And obviously the whole social commerce platforms that are expanding across the country.  And then finally and this is a new thought, we've talked since we started the next chapter plan is really elevating our brick and mortar experience, investing in the overall store layout, in the lighting, in the fixtures, and in the overall experience we provide consumers both in wholesale, in factory, and in our full price stores. So the combination of these factors and this slightly more volatile environments give us confidence that we can continue to make progress in North America to stabilize the business and its growth.
Matthew Boss: Great, and then maybe just a follow up Jane, help us to think about the components of the North American comp maybe between e-commerce and brick and mortar, if we were thinking about the second quarter versus the back half of the year?
Jane Nielsen: Yeah I think on North America comp I think we're seeing that there will be some pressure on the digital compass we move through the year from these international flows that we called out in this quarter. But in the second half we believe that on digital some of the investments that we're making in personalization and driving better mobile conversion will start -- you'll start to see those pay out in the back half. And then in terms of the overall bricks and mortar comp you will see some improvement as we move through the year, again part of that is AUR led and so it'll be back more weighted in the second half as we move into the layers of pricing that we talked about.
Matthew Boss: Great, best of luck. 
Jane Nielsen: And that's all Easter adjusted Matt.
Matthew Boss: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. Your line is open.
John Kernan: Hi, good morning Patrice and James. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to international, obviously a point of strength. And maybe go back to some of the targets you laid out at the Investor Day about a year ago. Can you talk about the $500 million in revenue you expect in China, it feels like there's obviously a lot of momentum there right now, maybe you can talk about both the digital and physical direct expansion that's going on there right now and then maybe have a follow up on Europe? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, you will attack this one Jane. So yes our goal is to indeed get Greater China to $0.5 million in revenue. We're making good progress. Again this quarter Mainland China up 30%, Greater China up 12%, continuing to see a strong progress across both digital and brick and mortar. To your point on those different platforms, I mean our thinking is really six big cities [indiscernible] Shanghai, Beijing, Taipei, and Hong Kong. And we build omnichannel eco systems across all of these with both brick and mortar presence, some more iconic elevated presence, and some kind of hard working from the revenue productivity stand point with our new Polo Boutiques coupled with our work with pure players and we've got a really nice partnerships and momentum with JD, with Timor [ph] and with WeChat and then also some strong partnerships from the concession stand point. And we're continuing to drive where we are and expand.  So we expect from a brick and mortar standpoint to open about 40 stores this fiscal year so about one a week if you remove the holidays. And on our way to achieving what we talked about last year on Investor Day which is around 150 stores across Greater China and then we continue to invest in expanding our digital presence through existing platforms and new platform and take advantage of all the key events that are happening there. So, we participated in 618 recently and actually had strong performance across the board with our various partners on that whether that was team JD or others. And we're doing specific programs with WeChat. And just so in general we feel good about where we are relative to the guide path that we had laid out for ourselves on our way to $0.5 billion and we sometimes get the question are you seeing any changes with the consumer in China right now and the answer so far is no. But the brand continues to resonate well with consumers and we're actually pleased with the mix of consumers we're getting both from a gender standpoint men and women, pretty balanced and also from an age standpoint, we're bringing in a lot of young consumers into the franchise. 
Jane Nielsen: Hey John I would just add that we were very pleased with our digital commerce this quarter in China and across Asia. It was up 26% so a real comp accelerator. We expect that dynamic to continue. We were also pleased with what we saw overall in terms of the comp acceleration that was coming from our newer Polo Boutique stores that Patrice called out notably in China which has been the focus of our new doors. So that is durable and we're encouraged by that continued momentum. 
John Kernan: Just a quick follow up on Europe, your strength there both in wholesale, retail, and within digital as well. So just wondering how we should think about Europe as your frame of guidance for the rest of the year, I know there's some moving pieces in macro environment so just how should we think about the quarterly flow of Europe as we go into the rest of the year? Thank you. 
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, John what we've seen in Europe and let me just give you the component pieces, we still see the underlying trends for your wholesale as about mid single-digit. There are obviously some shipment timing that goes on in Europe but we've been talking about that as the underlying trend and we see that as sort of the ongoing underlying trend for Europe wholesale. On the bricks and mortar side you've seen us have a pretty steady positive comp. We'd expect that to continue especially as we are overlapping the investments that we made in our factory outlet channel. That overlap will start to -- the benefit of that overlap with the investments that we made in inventory will start to tail off in the second half as we anniversary that but we're still encouraged by our bricks and mortar comp in Europe. And then as we anniversary the replatform of our digital site in Europe the first half will be stronger than the second half as we anniversaried that overlap but positive trends in Europe in e-commerce.
John Kernan: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kate Fitzsimons: Yes, hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Jane my question is more on the cost saving efforts that you have done year-to-date. As you think about fiscal 2020 where do you see buckets of opportunities on the expense side as the year progresses, you spoke to some supply chain -- media buy here in Q1, any other movers [ph] you can share with us as the year progresses just in light of this more volatile environment that you're seeing? And then secondly, any update on the distribution center consolidation product or the headquarter relocation project, any update there would be helpful? Thank you. 
Jane Nielsen: Sure, so Kate as we look to FY20 we do expect that the DC consolidation is going to be durable throughout this year in terms of the benefit that we got from consolidating those in addition to the activities that allowed which was inventory consolidation. So that will continue and are procurement work on indirect expenses is also durable through the year. So we take on obviously the largest vendor contracts first but we are systematically moving through nearly all of our indirect vendor renegotiations and those are paced through the year as those contracts expire and are renewed. So you can expect to see that continue through the year. And supply chain efficiencies that we are working with our wholesale partners on should also be positive as we move through the years. So not only just repacking our product, using cross stock activities but also some of the work that we called out on product suppliers where we can make products more sustainable and more cost advantaged is ongoing work.  In terms of and also just organizational agility, based on some of the work that we've called out recently that we've done to simplify our organization you'll see some of that come through the payroll benefits as we move through the year notably in divisional cost structures and headquarter cost structures. Our work in terms of our headquarter consolidation is going well. You will not see that impact come through the financials until FY21. This is the year as we move that we do have some double rent expenses but you will see that be a durable benefit as we move through and we're very pleased with the supply chain consolidation. I'd say it's right on track with our expectations.
Patrice Louvet: If I could just add, we were also reworking the different capabilities we have externally. So, indeed you have seen the work on media going from 12 agencies to 4, doing that across all social and digital as well. We are getting nothing but better and cheaper so better capabilities and lower cost.
Jane Nielsen: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie. Your line is open. 
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. On the last call it was noted that half of the operating margin leverage expected for us by 2020 will come from the gross margin. Jane is that still the case and how should we think about the GM progression by quarter of the year? And then on marketing spend up 19%, how should we think about the second quarter and the full year?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, so let me take your gross margin progression. We still -- as we've maintained our guidance and we still expect about half to come from gross margin expansion for the full year and about half to come from SG&A leverage again for the full year. As we look at the second quarter Laurent I see more, about two thirds of the operating margin expansion will come from gross margin expansion and about a third from SG&A leverage. So that's how you can think about the quarter.  In terms of marketing expenses as we move through the year we had a strong first quarter and I would expect that second quarter will be slightly less robust in terms of marketing expansion as we anniversary a lot of our 50th anniversary activities. You'll see some leverage from marketing in the second quarter but then you'll see marketing growth in the third and fourth quarter. 
Patrice Louvet: We expect marketing all to increase ahead of sales again this fiscal year as we work our way towards marketing investments representing about 5% of total revenue. 
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful, thank you. 
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, last question please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Your line is open. 
Dana Telsey: Hi, good morning everyone. As you think about the digital business and the progress that you're making there, how do you dissect it by region and also the AUR progress on digital promotions versus full price by region? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: So in terms of digital progress as we talked we're very pleased with what we're seeing in Asia and the benefit that we've had from our replatforming in Europe and the growth of those markets. We are investing in North America. I think Patrice call highlighted some of the pressures from international and we expect those benefits to start to play out in the second half and we're encouraged by that. In terms of our AUR are progression on digital, a) our digital AURs will really follow what we're putting in place across all of DTC and so the second half as we take some targeted pricing will be more robust than the first half. And the first half is weighted by clearing out of some of our spring product. But you'll see those promotion and list prices go into effect more in the second half.
Dana Telsey: Got it and then just lastly as you think about inventory levels, how do you see them progressing through the year, should we continue to see this rate of increase given the uncertainty with tariffs?
Jane Nielsen: Starting in the second half you will see inventory that's closer aligned with our sales. We are trying to be quite flexible Dana as we manage BREXIT implications as well as China duty implications. And so we're going to be opportunistic as we were in this quarter and we accelerated some inventory into North America. So we're going to -- we're going to remain flexible on that but I think that as we move forward you will see inventory more closely aligned to sales. 
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Alright, very good. Well listen, thanks to all of you for joining this morning and we look forward to our next call early November. Have a great day. 
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-05-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2019 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining today's call. We're pleased to report fourth quarter and full year fiscal '19 results that delivered on our commitments with revenues, operating margin and double-digit EPS growth all coming in ahead of our outlook for both the quarter and the year. Our fourth quarter performance was driven by double-digit revenue growth in Asia and Europe on a constant currency basis and better-than-expected AUR growth globally. North America also made continued progress on returning to a healthier base with ongoing elevation of our brand and a planned reduction of our off-price channel penetration, though we recognize that we still have more work to do on this multiyear journey. On balance, our company outperformed on core metrics this year with several areas of our business delivering ahead of expectations and a few that require more work. Moving forward we're focused on leveraging the successes while also applying the learnings from this first year of our next great chapter strategic plan. As we close out fiscal '19, Ralph and I are proud of the work our teams have done this year. We're encouraged by the strong progress we've made on our strategic plan to deliver long-term, sustainable growth and value creation. In a moment, Jane will take you through the fourth quarter and fiscal '20 outlook, but first let me start by reviewing our fiscal '19 highlights across the five strategic priorities in our plan. As a reminder, these include first, win over a new generation of consumers. Second, energize core products and accelerate high potential underdeveloped categories. Third, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. Fourth, lead with digital across all activities and fifth, operate with discipline to show growth. Starting with over new generation of consumers, as we outlined at Investor Day last June, our goal is to recruit millions of new consumers into our brands each year. To achieve that, we've been elevating our brand building content and increasing our marketing investment, with a focus on channels that matter most to consumers today namely, digital and social. In fiscal '19, we increased marketing spend by 13% on top of the 10% increase in the prior year. Highlights from the year and key learnings included, two unique fashion shows the generated record levels of global engagement from Ralph Lauren. We are creating differentiated experiences with our shows where we can engage consumers in new ways and amplify our messaging globally to in-store events and digitally. Our exciting collaboration with UK-based streetwear brand Palace and limited edition launches throughout the year, introduced the brand to new and younger consumers. As part of this, we activated our new POLO mobile app and partnered with influential specialty retailers around the world to reach trend savvy consumers where they shop. We continue to leverage the power of cultural events and influencers, notably Ralph's incredible custom designs for the wedding of Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas in India and our successful exhibition at Intercept one of China's most innovative platforms for creatives from the world of art, food, fashion, and music. And lastly, our partnerships and high visibility with Wimbledon, US Open Tennis and the US team at the Ryder Cup, reinforced Ralph Lauren's authentic connection to the world of sports. As a result, we saw healthy growth in our number of Instagram followers with a 45% increase to last year to reach over 15 million followers across our brand handles. In the fourth quarter specifically, marketing highlights included our spring 2019 runway presentation, which transformed part of our Madison Avenue flagship into an immersive, provision-inspired Ralph's Coffee experience. We're also leveraging key categories like Fragrance to recruit a new generation of consumers. In Q4, we launched a new campaign around the iconic Ralph Lauren Romance fragrance, featuring our new global ambassador Taylor Hill. And just a few weeks ago, you may have seen our Family is Who You Love global campaign, which captures a modern take on family, however you define it. It is a positive and powerful message about inclusion that has resonated with consumers and across Global press. We are gaining traction with younger consumers as we engage with them in new, relevant, and exciting ways. We are in the early stages of this journey and are focused on building momentum among both millennial and Gen Z consumers globally. Moving on to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high potential under-developed categories. In the fourth quarter and fiscal year, we made progress on our long-term plan to drive roughly half of our revenue targets through growth in core product and the other half through the expansion of five under-developed categories. Our iconic and updated core styles continue to be a key driver of our top line performance. As Ralph and the design teams generate excitement in the marketplace. We continue to animate these core styles through the use of print, embroidery, color blocking, graphic POLO logos, our POLO bear and customization offerings. Moving to our under-developed categories that have significant growth potential across our brands. These include denim, outerwear, wear-to-work, footwear and accessories. Our performance in denim outerwear, which are the further developed of the five categories was encouraging this year, benefiting from an improved product, merchandising and distribution focus. Positive sales trends in these categories for both the fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 indicated a strong consumer response to our new initiatives. Notably, outerwear growth accelerated as we move through the year, fueled by our focus on key programs such as core nylon, down, bomber and leather jackets. We were able to apply early learnings from this past winter's performance as we launched an expanded outerwear offering and coordinated marketing campaign for fall 2019. And while the accessories are expected to play a more meaningful role leader in our long-term plan, we were excited to introduce our RL50 collection hand back to the market this spring. Our newest merger classic Ralph Lauren style with modern sophistication and artisanal leather craftsmanship. These developments represent strong progress, but we still have work to do, particularly in product areas that are not yet performing to their potential. For example, a Lauren wholesale business in North America where we need to drive a greater focus on core categories and better balance core product with fashion. And while our core POLO products drove our performance, we have an opportunity to strengthen the appeal of our fashion concepts. We've already taken decisive action to address both of these areas with a new design direction and category strategy in place for Lauren, which should start to impact spring '20 and onward, and earlier adjustments in place on or POLO design concepts. Moving on to our third key initiative; drive targeted expansion in our regions, and channels. We are focused on building a cohesive brand-elevating Ralph Lauren experience across our retail, wholesale, and digital commerce presence in key cities around the world. In fiscal '19 we opened 135 new stores and concessions globally and closed 85 locations. This included 94 openings in Asia with 39 in China, our fastest growing market. For the full year, greater China revenue was up 20% to last year in constant currency, representing about 3.5% of our total company revenue. This included more than 30% growth in Mainland China on top of the 25% growth we reported last year, driven by comp growth and new stores. In Europe, we opened four new full-price stores and two new factory stores on a net basis. We are still significantly underpenetrated at brick and mortar retail, with only 23-owned full price stores across Europe, and we continue to see a meaningful long-term opportunity to build out our ecosystem strategy in the region. Overall in fiscal '19 we track slightly behind our annual store openings target, as we remain highly selective on real estate locations to ensure that they elevate the brand and meet our profitability targets. Moving on to our fourth key initiative lead with digital. Our global digital business including our directly operated sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce was up 11% in constant currency in fiscal 2019, with strong performance across all regions led by international. Our directly operated North American digital flagship returned to positive growth during the year as planned. Comps grew 10% compared to a 22% decline in fiscal ' 18 as we lap last year's transition to cloud-based platform. Our directly operated European digital commerce sites also showed strong improvement following the move to our new platform this fiscal year. Comps were up 6% in the fourth quarter and full fiscal year, despite reduced promotional activity to elevate the brand. We also continue to drive strong performance with digital pure play partners across all regions this year. In the US, in the fourth quarter, we added distribution of Men's Polo the Essence a leading international fashion platform known for its curated selection of luxury and streetwear brands. We also expanded our presence on motor operandi with RRL and the [indiscernible] with Chaps. Internationally, we added 11 new wholesale digital partners in Europe in the quarter. Including specialty players that resonate with younger trend forward consumers like slamjamsocialism.com in Italy, and kicks.com in Germany. We also continue to expand our digital presence in Asia including enhancements to our WeChat, shop in shop, in China an exclusive online collaborations with high-profile partners in Japan, Korea and Hong Kong. While encouraged by our digital commerce momentum we see opportunities to accelerate growth of our total digital ecosystem and gain share. For example, by better leveraging our experience and assets in brand building and presentation from our own digital flagship we can apply our best practices with those of our partners to drive higher performance and productivity on wholesale.com. Let me touch on our fifth key initiatives, operate with discipline to show growth. In fiscal '19 we continue to challenge every cost and improve our efficiencies as we progress towards a mid-teens operating margin target by fiscal '23. Adjusted operating expenses excluding marketing grew 1.4% below our top line growth for the year. This cost discipline enabled us to ramp up our marketing investments and expand our global retail presence, while increasing operating profit and operating margin above our guidance. Jim will provide more details on how we're continuing to drive productivity. I also wanted to give you an update on citizenship and sustainability the topic we care deeply about. Over the last six months we've undertaken a focused effort to evolve our strategy and further embed sustainability across our organization. In the coming months, we will share more about our approach to one; creating product, two; managing our environmental impact and three; how we champion and support our employees, the workers across our supply chain and our communities. One recent example of how we are bringing this to life in our products was the launch of the Earth Polo in April. The Earth Polo is made entirely of recycled plastic bottles and uses a waterless dyeing process. Early consumer reaction has been strong and we look forward to sharing more as we progress in this journey. And lastly we recently announced two key organizational changes to support our strategic initiatives going forward. Jane Nielsen's role was expanded the Chief Operating Officer in addition to Chief Financial Officer. And Howard Smith, who successfully led our international group was elevated to the role of Chief Commercial Officer at the end of March adding North America to his responsibilities. We expect these changes to enable faster re-application of proven successes. Both promotions are extremely well deserved and further highlight the strength of our leadership. In closing, this year's results demonstrate our progress on putting the consumer at the center of everything we do. Elevating the brand and balancing growth and productivity to deliver long-term sustainable growth and value creation. Our recent global employee survey conducted by Korn-Ferry demonstrates accelerated levels of engagement versus the prior year that now surpass the high performing norm. It's our teams excellent execution that is moving us forward and Ralph, the leadership team and I are inspired and energized by them every day. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane and will join her at the end, to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice and good morning everyone. Our team's performance this quarter and throughout the year, returned our company to top line growth, while continuing to drive higher EURs, expand operating margin and return more cash to shareholders. It's a good start to our journey with a clear path on our work ahead. Fourth quarter revenues increased 1.2% in constant currency and were down 1.5% on a reported basis. Our international businesses delivered double-digit top line growth in constant currency, more than offsetting both the negative impact of the Easter shift into Q1 and our deliberate reduction in North America off-price sale. Adjusted gross margin expanded 30 basis points in the fourth quarter and 50 basis points in constant currency. Benefiting from reduced promotional activity and favorable product, geographic, and channel mix. Adjusted operating margin in the fourth quarter was 6.4%, up 80 basis points on a reported basis and a 110 basis points in constant currency. Adjusted operating profit dollars grew 12% to last year. SG&A expense declined to 53.8% of sales, down from 54.2% last year, as we lap the acceleration in marketing investments made in the second half of FY'18. Marketing spend declined 8% to last year in the fourth quarter but was up 13% on a full-year basis as we focused on winning over a new generation of consumers. Our dollar spending levels in the fourth quarter were roughly similar through the last three quarters of fiscal '19. We continue to make progress toward our long-term objective of increasing marketing to about 5% of sales, while also focusing on productivity to achieve our operating margin expansion goals. We closed the year with marketing at 4.3% of sale. Our teams are intensely focused on driving operating efficiencies across our business. Initiatives this year included consolidation of our distribution footprint from four buildings to two, in conjunction with the launch of our direct to consumer shared inventory in North America in the fourth quarter. This will enable us to reduce our overall inventories, maximize full price selling and lower our fulfillment and overhead costs in the future. We renegotiated over 80 vendor contracts to drive a 14% reduction in addressable expenses, generating savings without compromising quality. And we continue to simplify our organization to improve agility and empower our leaders. Moving onto segment performance, starting with North America. Revenue decreased 7% in the fourth quarter, adjusted operating margin was 15.9% with a 150 basis point decrease to last year, as modest gross margin expansion was more than offset by SG&A deleverage on negative retail comps. In the retail channel in North America, comps declined 4% in constant currency, including about 300 basis points of negative impact from the Easter shift into the first quarter of fiscal '20. Our directly operated digital commerce business was up 6% with strong double-digit AUR increases, partly offset by the Easter shift. Bricks and mortar comps were down 7%, modestly lower than our trends earlier in the fiscal year, largely driven by challenging traffic with foreign tourist traffic down 5% versus a 7% increase in the prior year. In our stores, we had positive AUR growth this quarter, but at a more moderated rate than in prior quarters. We still expect about a three-point shift in comp into Q1 due to Easter. Moving on to North America Wholesale. Fourth quarter revenue was down 10% more than half of the decline was due to a planned reduction in off-price sales. As we have previously noted, we are strategically repositioning off-price back towards its original purpose as an excess inventory clearance fee. We will continue to pragmatically manage our off-price penetration down within our broader wholesale channel excluding off-price, our underlying North America wholesale business was down low-single digits in the fourth quarter. We are encouraged by the strength in our core products and are rightsizing our buys in select fashion oriented product. We continue to monitor selling trends carefully and expect some ongoing volatility quarter-to-quarter. Our North American digital ecosystem including ralphlauren.com, wholesales.com, and digital pure plays was up slightly in the fourth quarter, negatively impacted by the Easter shift, and was up high-single digits for the full year, as we returned to growth on our own digital commerce site. Our teams are working with our digital wholesale partners to strengthen our brand imagery, storytelling and assortments to better realize the growth in this digital channel. Moving on to Europe, fourth quarter revenue was up 4% on a reported basis and 11% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margins expanded 360 basis points on a reported basis and 340 basis points in constant currency. Operating margin expansion was driven by strong gross margins and SG&A leverage on top line growth. In the retail channel in Europe, comps were up 5% in constant currency, driven by a 6% increase in our owned digital commerce sites and a 5% increase in our brick and mortar stores. Similar to last quarter, the sequential improvement in our brick and mortar comp trend was primarily driven by our outlet investment to get back into inventory positions, improve the breadth and depth of our product assortment and drive strong AUR growth. The 6% comp growth in our directly operated European Digital Commerce business was also in line with our expectations, benefiting from platform enhancements and more targeted performance marketing. On our sites, we saw strong quality of sales improvements, double-digit growth in traffic, and high single-digit AUR increases, driven by positive consumer response to our new platform. Across our Europe direct to consumer channels, our ongoing effort to improve quality of sales continued with AUR up 8% in the fourth quarter. Wholesale revenue in Europe was up 11% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. Despite a planned shift in the timing of shipments into the third quarter, which negatively impacted Q4 Europe wholesale revenues were ahead of our guidance, reflecting the benefit of modest distribution growth with existing wholesale partners. Turning to Asia, revenue was up 7% on a reported basis and 10% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. We saw a strong performance across every market, including 30% constant currency revenue growth in Mainland China. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in this region, and we continue to increase our digital efforts, expanded and elevate our store fleet, and engage with local influencers and celebrities. Comps in Asia increased 4% in constant currency, driven by 10% AUR growth and positive traffic. We expect continued comp growth in Asia as we invest in our distribution network, and increase our marketing initiatives to amplify and elevate the brand. Adjusted operating margin was down 90 basis points to last year, as SG&A leverage was more than offset by gross margin contraction due to increased inventory reserves, primarily on select fashion concepts in the quarter. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet is strong and we return capital to shareholders, reflecting our continued operating progress. We ended the year with about $2 billion in cash and investments and 689 million in total debt. Which compares to $2.1 billion in cash and investments and $596 million in debt at the end of fiscal '18. Consistent with our commitment to return cash to shareholders, we repurchased $470 million in shares during the year. Including dividends and share repurchases we returned over $660 million to shareholders in fiscal '19, up from $162 million last year. We will continue to opportunistically buyback stock with about $600 million in repurchases plan for fiscal '20. we also raised our annual dividend by 10% to $2.75 for fiscal '20. On top of a 25% increase last year. Moving on to inventory. At the end of fiscal '19, inventory was up 7% to last year, moderating from 11% increase in the third quarter. Similar to the last two quarters, our inventory growth reflects strategic actions to support the following. One, early receipt of goods to maximize full price selling; two, comp growth; three, new retail distribution; and four, getting back to normalized inventories in our Europe factory stores, and we continue to reduce our air freight to lower shipment costs. Looking ahead, we expect inventories in the first quarter of fiscal '20, to be similar to our fourth quarter trend up high-single digits. As we anniversary our inventory initiatives in the first half, we will leverage shared inventory and a more unified buying process to better align inventory to demand. We are also taking a more cautious approach to inventories, especially in light of the dynamic trading environment. The tariffs enacted to date have a limited impact on our business, but our teams are prepared for multiple scenarios and have accelerated the diversification of our supply chain to mitigate the long-term impact of any potential tariff outcomes. Now I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and the first quarter of fiscal '20. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges, and reflects our best assessment of the global retail landscape in the context of increased volatility for macroeconomic and geopolitical events. For full year fiscal '20, we expect revenues to be up 2% to 3% in constant currency, consistent with our long-term plan. At current spot rates, foreign currency is expected to have about a 90 basis point to 100 basis point negative impact on revenue growth in fiscal '20. We expect continued growth in our international businesses and stabilization in North America. We expect operating margin for fiscal '20 to be up 40 basis points to 60 basis points in constant currency, driven by a combination of modest gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage. Foreign currency is estimated to have about 10 basis points to 20 basis points of negative impact on operating margin in fiscal '20. We expect the magnitude of gross margin expansion to be more modest than last year due to higher input costs, pressure from transactional FX, and more normalized benefits from channel and geographic mix shifts. We expect modest SG&A leverage as we balance our productivity initiatives with investments in growth. For the first quarter of fiscal '20, we expect revenues to be up 3% to 5% in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by about 190 basis points to 200 basis points in the quarter. The timing of Easter shift from the fourth quarter of fiscal '19 is expected to benefit North America retail comps by about three points in the first quarter. Operating margin for the first quarter is expected to be up about 30 basis points to 50 basis points to last year in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to have roughly 10 basis points of negative impact on operating margin in the quarter. We expect capital expenditures of approximately $300 million in fiscal '20, focused on consumer facing initiatives that have demonstrated a proof of concept and healthy rates of return, including stores, and digital, as well as our corporate office consolidation project. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal '20 to be approximately 22% above our fiscal '19 adjusted rate of 21%, driven primarily by our expected mix shift of international earnings into some higher tax jurisdictions. First quarter of fiscal '20 tax rate is estimated at about 19%. In closing, as we continue on our next great chapter journey we have a clear sense of purpose and are guided by Ralph's timeless vision. We are applying the insights we gained as we accelerate wins and navigate challenges. While we recognize the progress is not always linear, our teams are passionate, highly engaged and focused on delivering across all our strategic priorities and creating value for the long term. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning, everyone, and congrats on a great year. I guess, one -- first question for Patrice. As you reflect on the first year of the next great chapter plan. I guess my question is, how are you feeling about the long-term strategy one year-end? Maybe could you go on. Let us know, little bit more about where you think you've outperformed versus maybe underperformed versus prior expectations and any need to revise any of the information you gave us at the Analyst Day and then, a quick one follow-up for Jane. North America wholesale would love a little bit more detail on how to think about Q1 and the rest of the year, tying together the off-price pullback, spring fashion softness that you highlighted for 4Q. Just any other color on that channel would be great?
Patrice Louvet: Hey, good morning, Ike. So I guess on the first part of your question. Overall, we are actually pleased with what we delivered in year one of our next great chapter plan. While there's of course always more work to do, we believe our strategy is working and our plan is on track. So as a result, we remain very comfortable with the five-year targets we laid out last June at Investor Day. To your point on wins and opportunities, let me just touch on a few on both sides. So in terms of the things that we -- key highlights in terms of performance, one is we returned to growth a year ahead of plan and more importantly, we actually achieved this with a continued focus on profitable, quality growth, right? And you can see that through the progress that we've made on AURs throughout the fiscal year of high-single digits and through the continued expansion in operating margins throughout the year as well. Second thing I would highlight is the fact that we've significantly increased our brand-building investment, with a strong focus on social and digital to really elevate the brand, energize the brand, and win over a new generation for our first strategy. The third area to highlight is, I think, terrific work by Ralph, the design team and the overall organization on strengthening our core product, which has been a very important driver of the top line improvement over the past year. And then fourth and final point in terms of highlights is the digital space and the expansion space. So we completed the digital platform upgrades for our flagships in North America and in Europe, we launched our flagship in China. Both Europe and North America businesses insected back to positive comps this year after a few challenging years. We also drove in the digital commerce space expansion on digital pure players around the world, and you've heard some examples in our prepared remarks. And then of course we continue our international expansion, with a deliberate focus on China and we're really pleased with the acceleration we're seeing in China, delivering 30% growth in Mainland China this year. So those are key highlights. Key areas as we look at what are the learnings and what do we need to double down on moving forward, I'd call out three. One is we want to accelerate our momentum on winning over new generation. We had a strong 50th anniversary year, we gained traction with new and younger consumers I think millennials and Gen Z. We plan to continue building on this momentum into fiscal year '20 and beyond. With increased investments, better targeting, and stronger digital amplification of our programs. Second point to highlight is we need to improve traffic at our US brick and mortar stores. I think that's a consistent challenge for the industry here. So in addition to enriching the shop -- the shopping experience and enhancing our product offering, we need to better leverage our marketing programs and our ecosystem approach, our omnichannel ecosystem approach, to drive brick and mortar traffic. And then the third point I would highlight, is we have opportunities on products. So as I mentioned, this year we've had notable successes with updates to our core products. We also had some really nice sweet consumer reactions on our limited addition releases which we're going to continue to drive moving forward. However, we'll also have some gaps that we called on in our prepared remarks and as you heard we're full on focus on actioning those aggressively. But all in all, we're pleased with the way the first year played out and really in the right now it's about running the play as we move forward.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Ike just on the -- on your question on North America Wholesale. You saw us come out of the year with our full price wholesale business down in the low single digits. As I think about the coming year, our focus is really to get back to stabilize that business really as Patrice called out focus on the wholesale.com business for growth. And as I think about the mix of full price and off-price to stabilize the full price, but off-price will continue to be down throughout the year on a more normalized flow basis, but you will see modest declines, modest to moderate declines, in the off-price business throughout the year, but on a more stable basis. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. You may ask your question.
Matthew Boss: Thanks. Maybe on the margin front. Could you just help outline the gross margin puts and takes this year relative to the 30 to 50 basis points annual expansion outlined in the five-year plan? And maybe just walk through some of the drivers behind the return to SG&A leverage this year?
Jane Nielsen: As we look at the coming year in terms of gross margin, we expect about half of our operating margin leverage will come from gross profit. The drivers or our tailwinds are really pretty stable. The largest driver has been our pricing activity and our reductions in promotion. that will continue. What you'll see is a moderation of the benefit that we're seeing from channel mix, as our wholesale business will -- our focus is on stabilization and a moderation of the benefit of geographic mix, those are two will still remain tailwinds. But because North America, our expectation is stabilization and that performance, those benefits will start to moderate versus what you saw this year. Our headwinds that we see coming forward are that we will have some transactional pressure in our gross margin this year. Product cost that you saw as realized in the fourth quarter will continue notably into the first half. Some of those pressures and then we are taking a more cautious approach to inventory and so there will be some slight pressure from inventory actions that we're taking that will impact our overall COGS. As we look to SG&A overall, we have -- we are going to continue on our journey of cost discipline. We've had very good results from the cost leadership committee that we've established and we're continue to go against our indirect expenses. You've seen as it takes some significant distribution actions, consolidating our footprint, working on some of our automation within our distribution sites, consolidations of inventory, those will help from an SG&A's perspective. We're also consolidating our corporate headquarters, which will be a slight pressure points this year, but will be a leverage point into the future. And we're also leveraging more digital technology, leaning into digital design in our design teams, digital sample making. Those are the initiatives that are helping us get to SG&A leverage on top line growth of 2% to 3% in constant currency. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from of the Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie. You may ask your question.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Congrats Jane on your additional responsibilities.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Laurent.
Laurent Vasilescu: Jane, I believe you talked about 80 vendor and renegotiated contracts in the fourth quarter that drove a 14% reduction in addressable expenses. Can we parse out the dollar benefit in the fourth quarter and will these cost initiatives flow through for the balance of the quarters in FY '20?
Jane Nielsen: The part of what I just talked about in terms of the cost leadership committee, those renegotiated expenses re -- contracts resulted in a 14% decrease in those contracts. But you will see that benefit and it's part of our SG&A leverage story as we move forward. And of course, we're not done. Those 80 contracts are just the beginning. We intend to review all of our contracts, obviously prioritizing the largest ones and the ones that are at expiry point first. But this is an ongoing effort for us.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys, good morning. So thanks for taking our question, Jane let me ask you on the operating margin guidance for this year in U.S. dollars takes you pretty close to 12% next year. So very good progress obviously but if we think back to the Analyst Day when you gave us the range of mid-teens and if I just interpret that as 15% as one of those scenarios that would need about 100 basis points per year after this year to get to that range which is obviously an inflection in the margin improvement rate after this year, what you think is required in the business at this point to get to that scenario to see the operating margins accelerate in the out years?
Jane Nielsen: So several things, one is continuing our journey on gross margin expansion which you'll see us do this year and which we successfully did last year and a big part of that is continuing the AUR journey that were on. This is an AUR led strategy and we've made good -- terrific progress on that really in FY 2019 with our AUR up 8%. So we have to continue that. We will also see accelerated leverage notably on SG&A which we called out in Investor Day as we continue to move through to top line growth and comp growth is an important part of that story. Another part of that story is also the new doors that were opening which have higher productivity and higher four-wall margins. So it does come online and stabilize, you'll see those be accretive overall to our operating margin expansion as well.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Michael Binetti: And if I could just
Jane Nielsen: Sure.
Patrice Louvet: Go ahead, Michael.
Michael Binetti: Sorry, so if I can ask a little bit more near-term on the gross margin outlook for how we should think about it for the first quarter given your fourth quarter, I think was a little bit below prior quarters. But obviously against a big, big comparison a year-ago and then you had some noise from I think an outsized off price pullback that I would have thought would have been a tailwind, I guess to gross margins in the fourth quarter, Im just trying to take the puts and takes we have in the fourth quarter and roll it forward to how you're thinking about first quarter?
Jane Nielsen: So as we think about first quarter, first of all we had a fantastic quarter in AUR growth this quarter. As we think about our guidance moving forward, we don't think it's prudent in this environment to guide to the kind of AUR growth of 8% roughly that we achieved this year into the future. So our AUR growth is more moderated and in line with the Investor Day guidance that we gave of low to mid single digit growth. So that's one factor. And then the other factor is in the first half, we do have more product cost pressures that you saw come into line in the fourth quarter, move into the first and second quarters in terms of gross margin expansion.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate Fitzsimons with RBC Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Kate Fitzsimons: Yes, hi. Good morning. I guess my question would be going back to the Investor Day, you guys spoke to $500 million in incremental digital sales seems like that business took a step back in here at the fourth quarter. But sounds like maybe that was due in part to the Easter shift. Can you just talk about some of the drivers into fiscal 2020 on digital and how we should think about the trajectory of that business going forward? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, sure. Good morning, Kate. Listen, the general direction has not changed which is we expect low double-digit growth from our digital commerce business year-on-year to get to the target that you mentioned. And again digital commerce for us is our own site. Its wholesale.com, its pure players and that is social commerce and we're seeing social commerce obviously accelerate. As you look at our performance this past quarter, optically, it may look like a slowdown, but actually, it is not a slowdown, this is completely consistent with our expectations. The Easter shift in North America is really the explanation between the 6% comp we delivered and the high single digit number that we look to deliver quarter-to-quarter, we estimate again the Easter shift is worth about 300 basis points. So very consistent with what we expected, very consistent with our run rate. There are a few things that we actually drove this quarter which should help sustain this type of performance in the area of functionality for our site that may be worth calling out here, relative to search suggestions, our checkout process we're driving greater availability of personalization across a broader range of products and we're also implementing or we have implemented Apple Pay and PayPal Express payment methods to the U.S. side and we're going to continue to raise the bar on functionality, on product and on brand building. So I think you should expect continued performance around high single digits from a North America site. And then in Europe, Europe is also in line with expectations. We're actually particularly pleased with the contributions of our Spanish sites. First time, we have a Spanish language site which launched a few months ago and so Europe is on a mid single digit trajectory. That's what we delivered in Q4, that's what we expect to deliver moving forward as well. And likewise here, we've also made a number of improvements to our site whether that's enhanced paper click, optimizing our search engine and then also localizing our sites in Italy and Greece and Netherlands and in Poland to make sure that whatever we offer really resonates with the local consumer. Then finishing the global tour, Asia is a very small business as far as our own site is concerned. So not material here but we were pleased with the results that came through. So all in all, looking ahead were still very much in line with what we called out for the $0.5 billion of digital commerce progress over the next few years and Q4 came in consistently with our expectations and we expect to drive this in fiscal year 2020 as well.
Jane Nielsen: And I would just add Kate for a comment that in Q4, we saw the highest AUR growth across our digital, our own digital e-commerce platforms that we saw throughout the year. So consistent with what Patrice shared on Easter but very positive in terms of AUR growth.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Next question?
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. You may ask your question.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. Nice job this quarter. I wanted to ask a little bit more about the shared inventory. Maybe give us more details on whats really coming online there, how it works, how the consumer will experience the benefits of shared inventory, what's the opportunity to the extent you have an idea and then maybe also if you could give a little bit more detail on your comments. Patrice on Lauren and Polo fashion, what needs to be done there? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: So shared inventory, from a consumer perspective its a benefit to the consumer because we will have less out of stocks, we'll have better management of our inventory and more fluidity to be able to service our e-commerce customers and flow to the stores from a larger stock of inventory. So that's the net benefit to the consumer, for us the benefit is also that we can prioritize inventory to the highest price selling, so we'll realize more full price selling. We're bringing all the inventory into our one distribution center that is serviced by an automatic -- automated sorter, so we are getting some fulfillment benefits from the leverage of that automation. So that's a benefit for us. And it also reduces pick times because we have shared pick pools, we can reduce the transit time as we go into picks and that's also a labor benefit for us. So we're quite encouraged with about it. The number one advantage is for the consumer but we also think that there are both operational savings and pricing advantages from shared inventory. We are early in our journey, we went live in Q4, we're happy with the start but we expect that to pick up steam as we move through the year.
Patrice Louvet: And then on the product points Omar, let me start with Lauren. So Lauren what we're talking about, what we talked about in the prepared remarks is really Lauren Women's business actually our Men's business is doing well and that's the combination on the women's side of sportswear, dresses and accessories. And why we're seeing good performance around the world, we are seeing softness specifically driven by our North America wholesale business. Though as we kind of look at where the brand stands today, we actually feel good about the Lauren positioning and aesthetic, right? We believe that that can actually resonate with consumers. The key causes of the Lauren challenges that we're seeing are first on the product front, we need to focus more on the core categories that the Lauren brand is known for and that our consumers care about and expect. So that means greater focus on knits, greater focus on denim, athleisure and dresses. There's a category choice here that that we need to pivot on. And then the second point is that we need to strike a better balance between core and fashion and our assessment is we've probably skewed too much towards fashion in recent seasons and need to rebalance that. And then on the distribution front as you know Lauren is primarily in the U.S. a department store brand. And so we're focused on improving Lauren in this channel. We want to gain share, the definition of success for us is gaining share there. And part of the work we're doing is also elevating the brand presentation, investing in our shopping shops. So that we can create a more engaging and energizing environment. And then again getting the product balance right in those environments. So what are we doing about? First of all, we actually have a new design team in place that we put in place a few months ago and this is a team that we believe really understands the DNA of the brand well as well as target consumer that we're going after. They're really focused on rebuilding the key classifications that the consumer is looking for from Lauren Women's starting with dresses and denim, we're also looking at diversifying distribution. So while we want win in wholesale and we want to grow share there, we also want to better balance out our distribution for Lauren as we've done in other parts of the world. So there's work going on in that area. And then finally, there's always more work to do in understanding the consumer that we target both making sure we're serving our current consumer base well and also having engaging and inspiring plans for the new consumers that we want to target. So that's where we stand on Lauren. The plans are being activated and as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we expect to see the impact of these plans as early as Spring 20. As far as the seasonal fashion concepts are concerned, let me quickly define and to make sure we all have a common understanding of what we're talking about here. So we introduced new concepts which are a sort of theme capsule each season along with our core product and in order to inject newness and excitement to our overall presentations. We believe this is an important part of attracting new consumers to the brand. Now with these themed concepts, there's obviously a high fashion risk component because it's about fashion, right. And sometimes you get it right and sometimes they don't necessarily work as intended. We've picked up in some of our recent seasonal fashion concepts is they've been actually resonating really well with our more trend forward consumers. But they haven't been as appealing to our broader population. And so the insight for us here is that we actually need to better balance. The focus on core which as you heard us talk about has been doing very well for us, and its obviously the heart of this company and putting more emphasis on core and deemphasizing the focus, we've had on these seasonal fashion concepts. We still need them, we still want them but we were going to put less emphasis on them and get the balance right between the two. So that activation is already happening and you'll start to see the impact of that in our fall 2019 products and obviously going forward.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Last question please?
Operator: Thank you. The last question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citigroup. You may ask your question.
Paul Lejuez: Hey thanks. I just want to have a quick follow-up on your AUR comments, I'm curious if you could provide any color in terms of what you expect by region this upcoming year from an AUR perspective and then just second you mentioned, I think the decline in the tourist traffic might have had an impact on your retail business. I'm just curious if you were happy with how that business is trending with little local customers, how you feel about the outlet business just in general? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, why don't I take those three components in order and just in terms of AUR, we don't guide necessarily by region, so we don't guide AUR by regions. But I can tell you that we saw over delivery in terms of expectation in both Asia and Europe. That was meaningfully a part of the over delivery that we had for the year in terms of AUR growth. We expect that over the course of this year that they will be more in line with our mid single digit AUR growth guidance that we gave for the long-term and that really is one of the biggest changes we have from FY 2019 going into FY 2020. We think that's prudent. We have a lot of confidence in our ability to drive AUR. Were certainly going to lean into it but we don't think it's prudent right now given the current environment to guide to a much higher AUR growth above our long-term guidance. On the foreign tourists side, we saw that in foreign tourism it was distinctly different. As you can imagine in North America and in Europe, in North America we saw foreign tourist traffic down 5%, last year at this time it was up 7%. It's been quite choppy through the year and it's been hovering around flat. Last quarter we saw it up 2% and ended the year about down 1%. It really flows that we see the biggest driver is foreign currency. So with the strengthening of the dollar, if that outcome was not surprising. In Europe, we saw foreign traffic up 8%. We do believe that that benefited our outlet comp in addition to the investments that we made to get back into inventory and the breadth of supply, we're very happy with the results that we've seen there and that we put up today. But Europe was really a sequential story in terms of foreign tourism, it was down double-digits in the first half and up mid single digits and ending up high single digits as we closed out the year but was down 6% for the year. Overall, as I look at our outlet business across North especially across North America because that's where I think you saw some pull back that was a little bit below where we expected. Certainly the foreign tourist traffic that we just called out was a factor in that. We also called out some of the products softness that occurred in Lauren and we think we have some price balancing opportunity to make sure that we have some good opening price points and clearance balance for our more price sensitive consumer. We're on it. Were enhancing our marketing initiatives including window signage and targeted emails to make sure that we can address traffic which is the biggest metric that we're focused on as we move forward. And of course from a product perspective, were looking at our execution in the Lauren brand as we speak knowing that some of our pre-Spring concepts need to be addressed and we're balancing the assortment as we speak from an opening price point in clearance balance perspective for our more value sensitive consumers. So we see it, we are happy with that business, it's a great margin business and we think we know what we need to do to make sure that we're back on track as we move forward.
Patrice Louvet: Good, well listen thank you everyone for joining our call today. As I think you've probably heard, we're encouraged by our progress on our results as we continue to elevate the iconic business Ralph and our teams have built over 50 years as we continue to strengthen our connections to consumers around the world. We've got clear strength and momentum that we want to build on. We also have opportunities that we need to go and address that we're all focused on and we look forward to sharing our first quarter fiscal 2020 results with you in late July. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Corinna Van der Ghinst. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren third quarter fiscal 2019 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Cory. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's call. We're pleased to report better than expected third quarter results during the important holiday season, as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities. As we discussed at our Investor Day last spring, our teams are focused on delivering long-term sustainable growth and value creation. In the third quarter, we outperformed our expectations on both the top and the bottom line with double-digit EPS growth. Our results were driven by double-digit revenue growth in Asia and Europe and strong sequential progress in North America with better than expected AUR growth globally. During the third quarter, we continue to drive our execution and performance against the five strategic priorities that we laid out as part of our five-year Next Great Chapter plan. These include; first, win over a new generation of consumers; second, energize core products and accelerate underdeveloped categories; third, drive targeted expansions in our regions and channels; fourth, lead with digital across all activities; and fifth, operate with discipline to show growth. As we look to close up the fiscal year, we remain on track to achieve our plans for the full year. Let me now highlight some key progress points starting with new generation of consumers. In the third quarter, we increased marketing investments by 18% to last year. We continue to shift our spend to channels that matter most to consumers today, namely digital and social. Our key marketing initiatives this quarter centered around our limited edition collections and holiday camping. On our last call, we announced an exciting new collaboration with UK-based streetwear brand Palace. Launched in November, the capsule collection consists of menswear pieces inspired by iconic Polo styles that the Palace creators Lev and Gareth have worn throughout their lives. The products sold exclusively on our Polo mobile app in the U.S, our digital flagship in Europe and across Palace's retail network. We approach the collaboration as an opportunity to reach new and younger consumers with a fresh take on product that still remain true to the DNA of the Polo brand. The collaboration generated over 2 billion impressions globally exceeding our expectations. The Palace collection sold out in under an hour online. We were encouraged that roughly 75% of the people who purchased it globally were completely new to Ralph Lauren. The collaboration was particularly effective in engaging the Millennial and Gen Z consumers with those purchasing the collection, 10 years younger on average than the typical Polo men consumer. We are now little more than a year into our approach to drive energy and excitement around our brand with limited edition releases, and we continue to be encouraged by the traction these drops are gaining. In December, we launched our Winter Stadium collection which was available on our Polo mobile app in the U.S. and in key flagship stores globally. We also partnered with influential specialty retailers including Opening Ceremony and Clothing, Hypebeast's e-commerce site HBX and Selfridge's. Winter Stadium generated over 1 billion impressions globally and achieved nearly 100% sell through on our Polo app in the first day. In addition to attracting new consumers to our franchise, we're excited to see new fan base developing for our drops. Over half of the Winter Stadium shoppers were repeat customers who had already purchased from at least one of our limited editions previously. We also continued our 50th anniversary celebrations in the third quarter with our holiday gifts camping RL50gifts which we amplified through social media influencers and celebrities like Emmy Rossum, Rachel Zoe, Cameron Dallas and Olivia Palermo. About one third of the consumers who shop product highlighted in our holiday camping were new to Ralph Lauren and a meaningful portion of these new consumers were under the age of 35. In addition to our holiday gifting campaign, we continue to leverage the use of celebrities and influencers across different areas of pop culture and sports. In the third quarter, Nicole Kidman, Hugh Jackman, Alex Rodriguez, Gigi Hadid and the Chance the Rapper were among the stars featured in our brand. We kicked off reward season dressing with actors Chris Pine, Lady Gaga and Lupita Nyong'o. You've also maybe have seen Ralph's incredible custom designs for the wedding of actress Priyanka Chopra to music superstar Nick Jonas in India in December. It was the first wedding dress that Ralph has designed for a bride outside of his own family. The wedding was a global event that transcended cultures and dominated social media platforms. Moving onto our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate underdeveloped categories. Our strong top line performance this quarter was driven by our core products as Ralph and the design teams continue to drive excitement in the marketplace. This is consistent with our year-to-date trends and expectations that iconic and updated core styles will be a more meaningful near-term driver while we continue to develop our high potential underpenetrated categories for the longer-term. Top performing core products in the third quarter included Oxford shirts, Half-Zip sweaters, Women's Cashmere sweaters and Mesh Polo. In addition, we continue to build upon our customization program this quarter with monogramming services and expanded customization offerings in the European market. Customization continues to represent an important long-term opportunity for direct-to-consumer channels, driving AURs at a higher than our overall digital commerce AURs, higher gross margins and no returns. Moving to our underdeveloped categories that have significant growth potential across our brands these include denim, outerwear, wear to work, footwear and accessories. Our sell of trends in denim and outerwear, which are the further developed of the five categories accelerated in the quarter with an improved merchandising and distribution focus, indicating a positive consumer response to our new initiatives. Outerwear performance accelerated this winter as we continue to focus on our core nylon and down jackets while also injecting the category with new fabrications, innovation like our RL Heat launch this month and focus on end users like active, weekend and weekday dressing. In fragrance, we launch a new camping in January around the Ralph Lauren Romance fragrance for women bring a fresh take a new packaging to this iconic scent just in time for Valentines Day. The spring campaign featured supermodel Taylor Hill as the new face of the fragrance, along with her boyfriend actor Michael Stephen Shank. Moving on to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels. We are focused on building a compelling and competitive Ralph Lauren ecosystem in key cities globally. This includes digital distribution as well as new and renovated stores to drive growth. During the third quarter, we opened 39 new stores and concessions globally and closed 12 locations. This included 24 openings in Asia with nine in China, our fastest-growing market. Our China openings this quarter were focused on our key city clusters of Shanghai, Shenzhen, Beijing, and Chengdu. We continue to drive strong growth in China in the third quarter. Greater China revenue was up 19% to last year in constant currency including nearly 40% growth in mainland China, driven by comp growth and new stores. We are taking a disciplined approach to our new store openings in China and closely monitoring macro trends. However, we are pleased with the performance of our new doors thus far as they are delivering above-average productivity and profitability. Our digital business in China continues to expand following the launch of our directly operated digital commerce site last September. We also continue to see strong momentum in our distribution with pure play partners including Tmall, JD.com, and WeChat during the quarter with very positive brand exposure over single-stay. In Europe, we opened two new full-price stores and two net new factory stores in the third quarter. The new full-price stores in Leeds and Marseille are part of our broader ecosystem strategy in those markets. Similar to China, we are actively monitoring the macro environment in Europe including the UK that will continue to take a cautious approach the store rollout in the region as we test and learn from each new opening. However, we are still significantly underpenetrated at brick-and-mortar retail with only 23 full-price stores across Europe, and we continue to see a meaningful, long-term opportunity to build out our ecosystem strategy in the region. Our expansion plans include two more openings in the fourth quarter of this fiscal year. Moving on to our fourth key initiative, lead with digital. Our global digital business including our directly operated sites, departmentstore.com, pure players and social commerce was up 20% to last year in the third quarter in constant currency with strong performance across all regions. Our directly operated North America digital flagship continued on the positive growth trajectory as planned and delivered a 21% comp increase as we lap last year's transition to the cloud-based platform. Our focus on strong brand building and enhanced consumer experience and higher quality of sales, all contributed to improve performance as we continue to reposition the site as our most important flagship. Our directly operated European digital commerce sites also showed strong improvement following the move to our new platform earlier this fiscal year. This business returned to growth in the third quarter as planned with a 13% comp. Enhancements to our European sites this quarter included the launch of shift from stores across Europe, enabling us to leverage our in-store inventories to service demand, customization services and our first fully localized Spanish digital commerce site. Looking ahead, we expect to see more normalized positive growth in this channel as a result of improved brand building, consumer experience and functionality. We also continue to drive strong performance on pure play accounts across all regions of the third quarter. In the U.S. we expanded our presence on Stitch Fix with women's Polo and mens footwear and added 15 new digital pure play partners in Asia and Europe. Finally, let me touch on our fifth key initiative operate with discipline to fuel growth. In the third quarter, we continue to challenge every cost and improve our efficiencies. This enabled us to continue ramping up our marketing investment and expand our global retail presence while increasing operating profit and expanding operating margin above our guidance. Adjusted operating expenses excluding marketing were slightly below top line growth in the quarter. Jane will provide more details on how were continuing to drive productivity. So in closing, while we are mindful of ongoing market volatility, we are energized by our continued progress this quarter on our Next Great Chapter plan. Ralph and I along with our talented and committed teams around the world remain focused on things through to the timeless vision of our brand while evolving to meet the needs of consumers globally. While we are proud of the progress we're making, we will continue to relentlessly focus on excellent execution as we deliver on the commitments that we have made across every aspect of our business. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice and morning everyone. Our third quarter results demonstrate our teams continued disciplined execution of our strategy we delivered on key metrics including 9% AUR growth in retail, double-digit growth in digital commerce and growth and operating margin expansion, all while delivering both revenue and EPS growth. Importantly, we achieved these results in the context of navigating a more uncertain macro and geopolitical environments. Third quarter revenue increased 5% on a reported basis and 6% in constant currently. Every region delivered top line growth led by strong 10% sales growth in both Europe and Asia on a reported basis and strong holiday season in North America. Adjusted gross margin expanded 90 point in the third quarter and 60 basis points in constant currency benefiting from reduced promotional activity and favorable product, geographic, and channel mix. Adjusted operating margin in the third quarter was 13.9%, up 70 basis points from last year on a reported basis and 50 points in constant currency. Adjusted operating profit dollars grew 11% to last year. SG&A expense excluding marketing slightly leverage our strong top line growth. This quarter we made important proactive investment in our brand and our business. We increase our marketing spend by 18% to 4.2% of sale up from 3.8% last year. This marketing investment is overlapping the strong investments made in the second half of FY '18. Incremental investment centered on our holiday marketing campaign and limited edition collection. In our digital business, we also made investments to strengthen our digital platform and capabilities. We continue to make progress toward our long-term objective of increasing marketing to about 5% of sale while also focusing on productivity to achieve our operating margin expansion goal. Our teams are intensely focused on driving operating efficiencies across our business. For example in the third quarter our teams across the Company's work to our warehouse and office real estate footprint in North America, we completed the sale of our Beachwood distribution facility in North Carolina, reducing our footprint to two buildings from four buildings two years ago. This is an important step in our shared inventory strategy which went live this week, enabling us to reduce our overall inventory, maximize full-price selling, improve the CPU cost of our DTC fulfillment and lower overhead cost. We are also significantly reducing our New York office footprint which includes our corporate office, and design studios. Over the next year, we will consolidate our footprint to four primary locations in the New York try state area, down from over a dozen locations two years ago. Following the move and 2020, we will reduce our square footage, cost per square foot and most importantly drive greater collaboration across our teams. Moving to our segment performance, starting with North America, revenue was up 3% in the third quarter and adjusted operating margin was 22.6% representing a 20 basis point increase to last year's. In the retail channel in North America, we posted 4% comp growth in constant currency as brick-and-mortar comps were flat and our directly operated digital commerce business was up 21% as we anniversary the change of our own digital commerce sites last year's and saw strong double digit AUR increases during this holiday quarter. We are also encouraged by strong performance across our total digital ecosystem including wholesale.com and pure play with double-digit growth in the quarter. We saw continued sequential improvement in our North America brick-and-mortar comp this year, driven by 7% AUR growth in the third quarter, which more than offset traffic headwinds. Moving onto North America wholesale, third quarter was down 3% due to planned reductions in off-price sales. These reductions will continue through Q4. For the full year, we still expect to reduce our off-price penetration within our broader wholesale channel as we strategically reposition off-price back towards its original purpose as an excess inventory clearance vehicle. While we expect volatility in our full-price wholesale business on the quarter-by-quarter basis including the fourth quarter, our underlying trend is improving. For fall 18, our Q3 sell out performance at wholesale improved on both of sequential basis and relative to the prior year. At the end of the quarter, based on our estimates, we believe our inventory at our full-price wholesale partners well-positioned and below prior-year levels. For full year FY '19, we continue to expect underlying revenue to be down low to mid single digits versus the mid to high single-digit declines last year. Our digital wholesale business continued to grow in the third quarter, delivering high single-digit growth to last year with continued share gains in core categories. Moving on to Europe third quarter revenue was up 10% on a reported basis and 13% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin expanded 100 basis points but were down 40 points in constant currency. SG&A leverage was more than offset by gross margin contraction to do the faster growth in wholesale shipment driven by timing shift from Q4 into Q3. In the retail channel in Europe, comps were up 4% in constant currency, driven by 13% growth in digital commerce and a 3% increase in brick-and-mortar stores, compared to 4% comp decline in Q2. The sequential improvement in our brick-and-mortar trend was primarily driven by our investment to get back into inventory positions notably in outlet and improve the breadth and depth of our product assortment. Comps in our directly operated European digital commerce business also continued to improve following our platform upgrade at the end of Q1. We saw strong quality of sales improvements, double-digit growth in AUR and a reduction in discount rate and are encouraged by the consumer response to our new platform. Across retail, our ongoing effort to improve quality of sales continued you AUR up 11% in the third quarter in Europe retail. Wholesale revenue in Europe was up 20% in constant currency in the third quarter. Our third quarter growth benefited pull forward in the shipment timing which will negatively impacts the fourth quarter. Excluding timing shift, we now expect our reported growth to be mid-single digit range for full year fiscal 19, up from low to mid single-digit previously as we see the benefit from both distribution expansion and comp growth. Turning to Asia, revenue was up 10% on a reported basis and 11% in constant currency in the third quarter. We saw strong performance across every market with positive growth across Japan, Korea, China and Australia. Growth was lead by Mainland China with constant currency revenue growth of almost 40%. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in this region and we continued to increase our digital efforts engagement with local influencers and celebrities. Comps in Asia increased 4% in constant currency, driven by almost 10% AUR growth. We expect continued comp growth in Asia as we invest in our distribution network and increase our marketing initiatives to amplify and elevate the brand. In the third quarter, adjusted operating profit grew 7% to last year, adjusted operating margin was down 30 basis points and down 10 basis points in constant currency, as gross margin improvements were more than half by increased marketing investments in the quarter. Excluding marketing, operating margin in the region would have expanded to last year. Moving on to the balance sheet, our balance sheet is strong and we returned capital to shareholders, reflecting our continued operating progress. We ended the quarter with 2.1 billion in cash and investments and 687 million in total debt, which compared to 2.1 billion in cash and investments and 589 million in debt at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 18. Consistent with our commitment to return cash to shareholders, we repurchased 208 million shares in the third quarter for a total of 400 million year-to-date. Including dividends and share repurchases, we returned a total of 542 million to shareholders this fiscal year-to-date, up from 122 million last year. We will continue to opportunistically buy back stock as a part of our plan to repurchase of billion dollars in shares through fiscal 20. Moving onto inventory, at the end of the third quarter, inventory was up 11% to last year, moderating from a 15% increase in the second quarter. Similar to Q2, our inventory growth in the third quarter reflects strategic actions to support the following; one, earlier receipt of goods to maximize full-price selling; two, comp growth; three, new retail distribution; and four, getting back to normalize inventory in our Europe factory stores. We are also utilizing significantly less airfreight this year in order to reduce shipment costs, which impact level of goods and transit. We remain comfortable with the health of our overall inventory at both retail and wholesale which continues to improve on year-over-year basis. Looking ahead, we expect to continue reducing inventories through the end of this fiscal year to be better aligned with our sales outlook. Now, I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and fourth quarter of fiscal 19. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges. We are on track to deliver our goals for this year. We now expect revenues to be up slightly in constant currency for the full year fiscal 19. We expect a slight decline in North America and positive growth in our international businesses. Foreign currency is expected to have 80 to 90 basis points of negative impact on revenue growth in fiscal 19. We now expect operating margin for fiscal 19 to be up 60 basis points in constant currency at the high end of our previous range of 40 to 60 basis points with minimal impact from foreign currency. This guidance reflects our solid performance in the first three quarters of the year and our view on underlying trends as we execute the Next Great Chapter plan. It also incorporates our plan to better align inventory levels to our scales growth outlook. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 19, we expect revenues to be down slightly in constant currency with growth in North America retail and our international businesses offset by a planned reductions in North America off-price sale. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by about 300 basis points in the quarter. We continue to see several timing related headwinds to revenue growth in the quarter including a shift in European wholesale shipments from Q4 into Q3, and our strategic reduction in off-price sales, which is heavily weighted toward the fourth quarter of this year. The time of Easter also negatively impacts our North America retail comps by about three points in the fourth quarter benefiting Q1 of next year. Operating margin for the fourth quarter is expected to be up about 70 points to last year in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact operating margin by about 60 basis points in the quarter. We now expect capital expenditures of approximately 250 million in fiscal 19. Below our previous guidance of 275 million due to timing shifts into fiscal 20, our estimated effective tax rate for fiscal 19 is changed to 21%. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate is estimated to be 16% to 17%. Finally, over the past several months, we have seen increased volatility in the market from macroeconomic and geopolitical events, and we continue to monitor the trade environment closely. While were not immune to pressure in the broader environment, our teams are prepared for multiple scenarios importantly across the Company we have clarity of purpose under Ralph's unifying brand vision, focused strategic with aligned operational and financial goals, and the passion and commitment of our team around the world. We are delivering on our plan and will continue to drive executing that finds the balance between addressing short-term pressures while managing for the long term. As we look forward to fiscal 20, we remain confident in the full year outlook we presented at our investor day in June. This concludes positive top line growth in constant currency along with operating profit growth and margin expansion for the full year. We plan to provide more details on fiscal 20 guidance when we report our fiscal year end results in May. With that, lets open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Matthew Boss: Your 3Q print exceeded expectations in holiday season with clear winners and losers across retail. I guess Patrice, as you reflect on the quarter, what factors do you think helped deliver the outperformance? And then Jane, on the expense front, I guess maybe how best to think about the core leverage that you're seeing versus strategic marketing investment as we think going forward?
Patrice Louvet: Listen, first of all, Ralph and I are really proud that our team has been consistently executing across all our sites of our new Next Great Chapter strategy. As we look at obviously quarter-to-quarter, there are some areas of businesses that are worth better that others, and we're clearly dealing with some level of volatility in the marketplace. But I have to say, were really pleased with the progress that we made across several areas of this business this quarter. There are three things I would call out that enabled us to actually come ahead of where we expected for Q3. The first one is AUR. They were better than we expected across actually all regions and all channels. And this is really the result of continued focus were putting on elevating the brand through improved marketing, improve engagement with our consumers, improve products and then the continuing efforts that we have on promotional pullback. Were able to drive high single digit, right. You've heard Jane talk about we were up 9% this quarter despite what we view as a more promotional environment this past holiday. Well, first driver AUR, second driver is digital momentum. Our digital momentum clearly accelerated across all of our digital sectors whether that's our own digital commerce site, wholesale.com or the digital pure players. Our overall digital ecosystem revenues this past were up 20%. One of the important factors that was an enabler for this was our transition to the new platform, you'll recall, last year, we moved North America to a new platform for our website and then Europe more recently. And this is really allowing us to provide better storytelling, better brand building, combined with better functionality and consumer experience and we seen that play out in the result. The third factor is Asia, right. I know there is lot of question marks whats happening in China and Asia in general, but our momentum continued in Asia. You've heard Jane talked about, we grew up 11% constant currency in total Asia, 4% comps led by greater China of 19%, led by Mainland China of close to 40%, but also continued strong performance from our more established markets Japan, Korea, and Australia. So, those are really the three key factors that enabled us to perform ahead of where we expected for the quarter. I will turn it over to Jane on
Jane Nielsen: Sure. On SG&A, Matt, in general our Q3 SG&A expenses were generally in line with our plan. But we had top line momentum that enabled us to proactively reinvest in the business. Meaningfully in marketing, where you saw our marketing increased 18% this quarter. And recall that's not half of a 27% increase that we did in Q3 last year. As I look forward to Q4, I don't expect that level of year-on-year marketing increases in the fourth quarter. We significantly increased our marketing over 15%. So that will be a dynamic change as you look going through into the fourth quarter. But consistent with our strategic growth initiatives, we made some proactive investments in the faster growing areas of our business. You heard Patrice talk about our 39 new stores that we opened and we made some important investments in digital. And this quarter we proactively worked to strengthen our digital capabilities including faster delivery times notably to the West Coast. Our test in L.A. shows that those are proving out and driving consumer demand. We also invested to make sure that we have 24/7 customer support capability. So those were notable in this quarter. I think you're asking a broader question in terms of, how are we looking at both short and long-term expense reductions? And what we called out this quarter, the reduction in our DC footprint is going to be an important -- and the inventory consolidation we're doing is going to be important part of our productivity as we move forward. We expect that to start to pay dividends as we look forward to FY '20. And we're also continuing the work that we're doing in indirect expenses. We're really systematically as we've done this year which helped us produce SG&A leverage, if you exclude marketing, we're really driving into every cost challenging every vendor contract looking for scale benefits, consolidation benefits and we do see that pay dividends as we move forward. So we continue to be as we confirmed our long-term guidance for '20 we continue to be optimistic, also opportunistic to believe that as we return to growth, you will SG&A leverage.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Michael Binetti: Jane, I guess, a couple of questions to help me unpack here further. As we look ahead the composition of revenues in the model here is going to be changing a little bit next year as you have the majority of this off-price pullback strategy done for example? AUR has been a big, big line item in the revenue growth line for a couple of years on the quality of sales work. Next year it seems like a couple of things will be a lot more on a like-for-like basis. How do you think -- how much do you think AUR should contribute here as the quality-of-sales initiatives may be slow? And what do you need from units or traffic to drive that low to mid single-digit growth you talked about on revenues?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Well Michael, it's a great question, because one of the tenets of our strategic plan is that AUR growth is a driver of our top line growth through our long-term plan. So I see lots of opportunity for us to drive what we guided to which was low to mid single-digit AUR growth. And the reason I have confidence in that is the drivers that we've seen over the last 2.5 years are relatively consistent. We've been able to drive AUR growth through a mix of some modest like-for-like pricing. We've been able to reduce discounts and we see that we have more opportunities there. And we've been able to mix into higher AUR and higher gross margin product. Those -- and the shift of our business international where we have higher AUR is also a tailwind benefit to AUR. So I'm very encouraged. I feel that AUR is what over delivered this quarter, but it's going to be durable as we move through our plan. The cutback in off-price does help us from an AUR perspective. It is that the -- AUR, it tends to be lower there. It tends -- we tend to move through more units there. So pulling back there is completely consistent with our plan of rising AUR fewer units which I think is also consistent with the elevation of the plan.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Alexandra Walvis: We had a question around the North America wholesale business. So outside of that off-price pullback it seems like the North America wholesale business was very strong. I wonder if you could dive a little bit more into the drivers of that? And then on the off-price rationalization, I wonder if you can help us out with how fast with that process you think that we are today? And how much longer we should expect that to go on and the pieces of that business in particular that are being reduced? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So, Alexandra, in terms of what we saw in our wholesale trends, we really saw strength in the third quarter in some of our core categories notably in men's and notably in Polo. We saw good -- we saw benefits from reduced promotionality and accordingly better -- a reduction in our vendor allowances and natural margin increases. Those were really what we saw as core strengths in our North America wholesale business. Also our departmentstore.com business as we called out was particularly strong where we gained share again in key categories and saw strong high single-digit growth. We're also starting to overlap some of the significant door pullbacks that we made during our reset, and so we're seeing that play through. As I think about off-price pullback, it's significant in this second half as we've been calling out for a while. Our strategic goal, so as you think about it going forward is to really reduce the penetration of off-price to our total wholesale business. So I don't expect the pressure from off-price pullback to be as significant in FY '20 as it was in this year. But I do expect -- I don't expect it to be a leverage point as we reduce the percentage of penetration to our business.
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. You may ask your question.
John Kernan: Patrice going back to the 2000 -- to the Investor Day last year, the $500 million in incremental digital sales you certainly showed a lot of momentum this quarter particularly in North America with digital up 21%. Can you talk about some of the drivers going into next year in digital as you've repositioned the entire platform and how we should think about that going forward?
Patrice Louvet: Yes. So as we kind of feel the -- and what drove the acceleration this past quarter and what's durable to use Jane's terminology which I like, it's really three factors. One is the work we're doing on brand building. And if you look at past quarter we did a lot around our 50th gift campaign, we obviously had our special limited editions whether that's Winter Stadium or the Palace program. So the brand building piece of the storytelling piece enhanced by the platform upgrade that we have will continue. We really -- continuously raised the bar on that particularly in the way that really connects with Gen Z consumers and Millennials. The second part is the consumer experience on our site. And we know we have a lot of opportunity to strengthen it. There's been good progress on functionality over the past quarter ranging from free shipping progress bar to monogramming services to a dedicated Polo shirt shopping experience. And then some of the technical elements of faster downloads of our pages, quicker delivery to consumers homes and so on. So we're going to continue raise the bar on consumer experience and functionality. And then finally as all the work we continue to do on quality of sales which was obviously a big enabler for AUR here, which continues to be an area of focus and I think will be for as long as we're in business. So for next 50 years which is an important part of the block, so that's our own fight, right, which is really we think of our own digital flagship which then needs to set the stone for how the brand shows up on other digital platforms. If you look at then the other platform, obviously there's wholesale.com, Jane touched on that in previous question where we're seeing good momentum, we have really good partnerships with our -- the key wholesale players. We will continue to build on that momentum where we can really connect well with the target consumers that shop there. Then there is pure play -- digital pure players. Right, around the world and we continue to build our stable, a select pure players that we partner with. For example we've spent on Stitch Fix with Polo women this past quarter in the U.S. and we continue to see good progress in Asia, in Europe with some of the key players there and obviously expanding our presence here in North America. So I think if anything -- that's going to accelerate. And then the final one is social commerce, right. The ability to shop through WeChat, the ability to shop through Instagram and so on and so forth which today is still relatively small on the -- if you look at total picture, but we expect that to accelerate significantly because the consumer benefit the ease-of-use there is just very compelling for our consumer target. So I think as we look at the key elements of our strategy, what we've been executing and what we need to execute moving forward we have confidence that we can continue to stay on this track of accelerated growth with digital commerce so that we can reach to $0.5 billion that we called out for the full five-year period.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. John just as Patrice mentioned, we're really happy with the underlying momentum we see in our digital commerce site. In North America, I'll just recall this is the quarter that we overlapped that site conversion. So from a trajectory run rate perspective it's somewhat anomalous. But we feel really good about the factors that Patrice noted and the momentum it suggests for our e-commerce business.
Patrice Louvet: And then maybe one additional element which we actually didn't touch on, which is our new mobile app, particularly as we think we're bringing in new consumers, younger consumers into the brand. We launched our mobile app little less than two quarters ago. Half of the consumers coming through the app are actually Gen Z or Millennials. We are seeing very strong engagement rates. We are seeing fantastic sell-through of our special editions there. I encourage all of you to sign up if you haven't yet, but that's also an important asset that we have in our digital commerce toolbox that is just at the very early stages. So I think also a very promising potential there.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. You may ask your question.
Paul Trussell: I just wanted to touch base on your international performance. As you are well aware a lot of global macro concerns over the last few months, and while the European business did have some timing elements to it, it really outperformed, certainly versus my expectations. And you also already have mentioned Asia a few times. Maybe just give a little bit more color about what you feel is driving those top line results outside of the Americas?
Patrice Louvet: Yes. So maybe let's start the tour in Europe, where we did as -- overall delivered strong performance in Europe. We're obviously keeping a close eye on the various developments there, whether that's the uncertainty around Brexit whether those are the demonstrations going on in Paris, those at this point has not had an impact on our business. We are actually feeling good about our performance in Q3 and what we are able to do moving forward. What's important to note Paul on this is for Europe, as we're still quite underdeveloped from a retail presence standpoint right, we have 23 stores. I think a year ago when we talked on this call we had 19. So now we're moving, we are starting to open stores and build our digital ecosystem so that we have a compelling ecosystem in key cities there. So relative to our competitors, we're incredibly underdeveloped and then we believe we still we have significant growth opportunities even in the challenging context. So we're being careful, we're monitoring the environment, but we are confident we have a number of growth factors for us in the future. In Europe, particularly in markets like Germany and Southern Europe which is where the underdevelopment is greater. As far as Asia is concerned what's exciting for us across Asia is the broad-based growth, right. While of course China is doing well and we have significant opportunities there, we're seeing continued performance from our current key market in Asia which is Japan. We're seeing accelerated performance as the team applies the Japan formula to South Korea in South Korea and also in Australia. So it's broad-based. It's built on strong fundamentals. And so I would say, I think similar to Europe, there are a lot of question marks around China and a potential slowdown in China. We have not seen that on our business in Q3. And again we are our highly underdeveloped in China. Chinese consumer domestic sales and traveling -- travel sales are about 5% of our total business. So when you compare that to a number of our peers that are more in the 25%, 30%, 40% penetration, you can see the upside that we have on this business. And we -- while it's very early days, we're encouraged by the response we're getting both from a consumer standpoint there, the response we're seeing in how our Polo boutiques are performing, the response we're seeing as we work with various partners the Tmall Luxury Pavilion, JD Toplife and so on and so forth and that's pays WeChat more recently Golf society. So we're feeling encouraged that we've got the right elements and the right strategy to deliver growth in -- across Asia and therefore across international with what I mentioned for Europe.
Jane Nielsen: I would just add Paul that we were really pleased in Europe, with the investments that we made in inventory in outlet paid off not only to return us to positive comp growth in our outlet business, but at a meaningful AUR increase. So the -- our strategy to restore into higher AUR products paid off. It paid off on the top line. It also flowed through with a nice pick up in our AUR in Europe. We expected the timing shift in our wholesale business in Europe. We knew that because we are aligning our calendars that Q3 was going to be quite strong. We called that out last quarter, but really pleased with the outlet performance that we saw in Europe.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore. You may ask your question.
Omar Saad: Jane I wanted you to see if you could elaborate on -- you mentioned the share inventory going live. I remember in the past you've talked about a test in L.A. marketplace test retailing in wholesale and retail -- on retail kind of the inventories to drive quicker replenishment, more articulated products and inventory planning. Could you elaborate on what you're working on there and what you see as the opportunity, that you kind of integrate omni-channel capabilities into the business? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. What we're seeing from our initiatives on shared inventory, right now, we're in the first phase of that which is the combination of our store, our ROS store inventory and our e-commerce inventory is a few benefits. One, it reduces inventory buffers. Two, it allows us to direct our inventory to the demand that has the highest selling price. So it's -- better full price selling, less inventory. It also speeds stick-times in our warehouse and reduces our need for warehouse footprint, which reduces our overhead costs. So lots of benefits there from a shared inventory. And we are working on the next phase which could be even greater inventory sharing across our channels which should also generate the same kind of benefits from an inventory full price sellout and cost reduction. We're very encouraged by the teams. We're working very hard on it and it went live this quarter. So more to come there and I'm sure that that will give us even more opportunities as we look forward on allocations and store close as well.
Patrice Louvet: And then, yes, on the Los Angeles ecosystem project, so we're about a little more than six months in. The headline for -- my message Omar actually is L.A. is outperforming the North America region. So still early days in this pilot, but actually we're very pleased with the way the results are coming in. What we are seeing is shared gains across the market. What we are seeing is an acceleration of our digital commerce business actually very strong acceleration there. And then what we're also seeing which is quite positive is that we're attracting new younger consumers through the franchise. So this elevation of the brand presence across all the touch points whether that's wholesale or own stores, full price or factory, and then the emphasis we are putting on digital with some localized messaging at this point is really paying off. L.A. is a huge region, so we really want to take advantage of the upside opportunities that we have there. But the headline point at this stage is delivering well ahead of the nation.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. You may ask your question.
Jay Sole: Patrice, I wanted to ask you about your comments around winning over new generation. You gave a lot of great stats about how your initiatives have created a lot of impressions and a lot of buzz with Generation Z and Millennials. Just share with some of your plans to kind of keep that momentum going into Q4. The kind of things you have planned and if you can talk about how you're converting some of that initial interest that you're getting from younger people into that repeat purchase that you talked about? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So here is how we think about the strategy for winning over new generation. We've got four specific areas. One, is we want to be where the consumer group is consuming media right. So you -- you've seen over time how we're shifting our marketing to much more digital, much more social and that's where the majority of our spending is going now. All right so being where they consume media, the second is being where that consumer group is shopping and purchasing, which is the shift you're seeing that we're making toward digital commerce because we know they are disproportionately tough in that space. And the development of our app, as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing through the app, much younger consumer coming into the brand. The third area, so those two are -- continue. The third area is how we leverage influencers that really connect with that target audience. Right, so just as an illustration, we talked about our latest Romance re-launch and the face of that fragrance is Taylor Hill who really appeals to the younger population incredibly effectively, and that's just an illustration of how we're thinking about building this mosaic of influencers that can represent all the dimensions of the brand and also connect nicely in the local markets with the target audience that we're going after. And then, the fourth one are these Limited Edition and drops, which we will continue to do. Obviously we'll keep an eye on it to surprise as part of the success is to surprise on that that comes with it. We're also very careful not to overdo it, because otherwise these things will run out of steam. We've been very intentional on how we paste it. But if you look at the results we've got behind Palace, 75% of the consumers who bought Palace were new to the Ralph Lauren brand. On average consumers who bought Palace were 10 years younger than the average consumer for Ralph Lauren. And we're also seeing that on Winter Stadium and others. And to your point and then on retention, one of the interesting and encouraging data points for us is if you look at the purchases of our drops, consumers who bought Winter Stadium, actually half of them had already brought a drop, a prior drop, right which gives us confidence that as we bring in consumers through these special activities, we're then able to keep a majority of them moving forward. So that's the broad framework that we have in place. We feel good about the progress we're making around that. And we're doing that while not forgetting our core, because our core consumers are also important part of the business. And so our job is to successfully appeal to this new group of consumer, while also delivering what our current consumers are looking for.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Rick Patel with Needham & Company. You may ask your question.
Rick Patel: I'll add, my congrats as well and thank you for squeezing me in here. Can you update us tour sales in the U.S. given the strong U.S. dollar? I'm curious if there was a change in trend versus last quarter and to what extent you think that helped fuel your performance in Greater China? And my second question is around department store refreshes. I believe you had about 80 or so of these refreshes last year and had planned to do more this year. Any updates on where you are with those and any call outs in terms of performance going forward?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Hi Rick. So for tourism based on the data that we collect we saw foreign tourist traffic in our doors was up about 2% in the quarter. You'll recall that in Q2 it was down about 2% and in Q1 it was flattish. So we're seeing this sort of flattish to down slightly, up slightly trends, in the U.S. In Europe we saw that our foreign tourist traffic was up about 3%. That was off a down 21% you recall in Q2. Again this is our data, with the overall composition remain in terms of foreign tourist from other countries remaining about consistent as we've looked from quarter-to-quarter.
Patrice Louvet: And then on the door refreshes we're continuing that because we're very pleased with the results we've gotten so far behind the doors that we have upgraded. And I quoted earlier some of the progress we're seeing in Los Angeles which is obviously a key part of that. So we did 81 refreshes in fiscal '18, with just sales they were up double-digit, so this pay up -- paid up because actually the investment we're making is not that significant. A lot of it is improved lighting, improved layouts, fresher paint of code, better signage, better visuals but good returns on that. We've completed 103 refreshes in the first half of fiscal '19, and we plan to do a total about 150 this fiscal year, and continuing to do that to effect, over time we want to effect at least 50% of our total business, on the way the 75%, we're doing that in close partnership with our key wholesale partners including the largest one, and they've completed the first 50 and now they are onto the next 100. We're working that hand-in-hand with them. So encouraged by the progress, it continues to be a focus area as we want to elevate our brand as possible in a single touch point. All right Rick, well thank you. Thanks for all of you for joining the call today. As I hope you took away from this conversation in our press release we're encouraged by our progress and our results as we continue to elevate the iconic business Ralph as built with teams over the past 50 years. And as we continue to strengthen our connection to consumers around the world, and we look forward to sharing our fiscal year-end results in our fiscal year '20 guidance with you on the next call. So thanks for calling in and talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp. Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp. Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.
Analysts: Paul Trussell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Simeon Avram Siegel - Nomura/Instinet Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Alexandra Walvis - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Ralph Lauren second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2019 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Evren. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We are pleased with our second quarter fiscal 2019 results that reflect continued progress on our Next Great Chapter strategic growth plan. We delivered both top and bottom-line growth as we continue to focus on returning the company to quality growth and value creation. Our results were driven by double-digit top-line growth in Asia and sequential progress in North America and Europe. Importantly, we remain on track to achieve our plans for the full year. Our long-term plan is based on our three guiding principles: put the consumer at the center of everything we do; elevate and energize our brands; and balance growth and productivity. Let me take you through the progress we've made in the second quarter across our five key strategic initiatives, which include: first, win over a new generation of consumers; second, energize core products and accelerate under-developed categories; third, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels; fourth, lead with digital across all activities; and fifth, operate with discipline to fuel growth. Starting with the first one, win over a new generation of consumers; in the second quarter, our key marketing initiatives centered around our 50th Anniversary Fashion Show and key sporting events. The show, which took place in New York City's Central Park in early September, captured Ralph's 50 years of bringing authentic and timeless style to the world. We showcased the breadth of our portfolio with a highly diverse cast of models spanning generations, ethnicities, and gender. We successfully leveraged the show, driving record levels of engagement around the world across digital and social media. We had more than 3 billion social media impressions and over 100 million global views of the show online. Importantly, search volume for the brand increased high single digits versus the same period last year, based on Goggle Analytics. According to ListenFirst, a leading social analytics firm, Ralph Lauren generated more than twice as many social engagements as other brands showing at New York Fashion Week. Engaging influencers and celebrities, particularly those who resonate with different segments of our consumer base and reflect different dimensions of the brand, was a critical part of our 50th celebration strategy. Influencers across media, business, philanthropy and music from all over the globe joined us. These included: young Hollywood actors, such as Blake Lively, Anne Hathaway, and Ansel Elgort; musical superstars like Nick Jonas with his fiance Priyanka Chopra, Chance the Rapper, and Bruce Springsteen; to fashion stars like Taylor Hill; and our Asian influencers, such as Akira and Li Bingbing. In addition to the show, we continued to leverage the power of cultural events. The second quarter included our sponsorship of the U.S. Open Tennis tournament, one of the most widely attended sporting events in the world. We also outfitted the U.S. team at the Ryder Cup, one of the premier golf tournaments globally. Overall, we increased marketing by over 30% to last year in the second quarter and continue to shift our spend to channels that matter most to consumers today, namely digital and social. Moving on to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate under-developed categories. In the second quarter, Ralph and our design team continued to drive excitement in core product categories through limited edition releases, expanded customization options and refreshed fabrications and details. As part of our 50th anniversary celebration, we partnered with MR PORTER, a leading men's online retailer, on a limited edition capsule. The collection was inspired by some of our iconic men's designs with a mix of pieces from Polo, Purple Label and RRL. The capsule launched on October 15 on the MR PORTER website and at our flagship stores. In October, we also announced our exciting new collaboration with London-based streetwear brand, Palace, which I'm sure many of you have seen. The Palace founders describe the collaboration as "Palace Ralph Lauren is a timeless collection that represents a love letter from a young London skateboard company to their favorite brand in the universe". Launching on November 9, the capsule collection consists of menswear pieces inspired by iconic Polo styles that the Palace creators have worn throughout their lives. It will be available: on our own Polo mobile app in the U.S., so this is a great opportunity to download it now, if you haven't already; on our new digital flagship in Europe; and across Palace's retail network. We plan to continue attracting new consumers and driving excitement around product through our limited edition releases and other exciting partnerships going forward. We also expanded our customization offerings this quarter, both online and in our stores, including a new custom shop at our recently renovated Prince Street store in New York City and at the U.S. Open. Customization plays well with gifting, and we are excited about its potential as we approach holiday. We plan to further expand our offering and choices for consumers ahead of the season. We will open our second customization shop in Asia in our Omotesando store in Japan in time for the holiday season. Moving to our under-developed categories that have significant growth potential across our brands; these include denim, outerwear, wear-to-work, footwear and accessories. We launched our first wear-to-work offering in women's Polo this fall, with an initial focus on a select number of directly operated stores and our flagship RalphLauren.com. Early results show a strong consumer response, especially to our blazers and dresses. In fragrance, we launched our newest fragrance for men with L'Oral, Polo Red Rush, in the U.S., helping to accelerate growth in our fragrance portfolio. Focused on reaching a new generation of consumers, we had an energetic campaign featuring actor Ansel Elgort. Moving on to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in our regions and channels; we are focused on building a compelling and competitive ecosystem centered around key cities globally. This includes digital distribution as well as new and renovated stores to drive growth. During the second quarter, we opened 36 new stores and concessions globally and closed 28 locations. This included 25 openings in Asia, with 10 in China, our fastest-growing market. Our China openings were in our key city clusters of Beijing, Taipei, Shanghai and Hong Kong. Our momentum in China continued in the second quarter. Greater China revenue was up over 20% to last year in constant currency, including over 40% growth in Mainland China, driven by comp growth and new stores. We're pleased with the performance of our new doors, as they are delivering above-average productivity and profitability. Our digital business in China is growing rapidly through Tmall, Tmall's Luxury Pavilion, JD.com, and WeChat. In the second quarter, we launched Polo on JD's luxury platform TOPLIFE. We also opened our own directly operated digital commerce site in China, RalphLauren.cn. This is the exclusive online destination for our luxury labels, men's Purple Label, and women's collection. The premium shopping experience on this site includes features such as free online and in-store returns, same-day delivery in Shanghai, live chat customer service, and integration with WeChat. We also opened two new full-price stores in Europe in the second quarter. We opened one store in London and one in Manchester, as we start to build out our ecosystem strategy in Europe as well. We are underpenetrated at brick-and-mortar retail, with only 21 full-price stores across Europe. Our expansion plans include five more openings in the second half of this fiscal year and more than 100 stores in the next five years. Moving on to our fourth key initiative, lead with digital, our global digital business, including our directly operated sites, department store dot-com, pure players and social commerce, was up 10% to last year in the second quarter, with strong performance across the board. Importantly, our directly operated North America digital flagship returned to growth as planned and delivered 9% comp increase versus last year. We attribute the improvement to our continued work to reposition RalphLauren.com as our most important flagship. This was driven by a combination of strong brand building, an enhanced consumer experience, and higher quality of sales, all enabled by our new platform that we put in place a year ago and recently rolled out to Europe. New capabilities we added in the second quarter included: new robust brand landing pages; waitlist functionality; and faster standard shipping. Our improved digital flagship experience was part of the reason for our move up to the number four spot in the L2 Global Fashion Index for digital, up from number 11 last year. L2 specifically highlighted our digital flagship relaunch in North America as well as our digital marketing and social media activity at out 50th celebration. We're pleased to see this external recognition of our digital initiatives and progress, and we continue to work towards best-in-class capabilities and functionality. In the second quarter, our directly operated European digital commerce sites also moved onto our new platform, as we continue to elevate and improve our digital presence globally. Our team managed the transition well, and our business returned to growth on our European sites by the end of the second quarter. We expect an acceleration of this growth rate in the second half of the year as a result of the significantly improved brand building, consumer experience, and functionality. In North America, we released our first-ever mobile Polo app during the quarter. The app is designed to engage the most enthusiastic members of our community of consumers by providing insider access to exclusive content and curated products. The limited edition Yankees collection that we launched in September to celebrate Ralph throwing the ceremonial first pitch at Yankee Stadium was available exclusively through the Polo app, and we sold out of the Yankees jacket within minutes of the launch. And lastly, we officially launched our mid-tier brand, Chaps, on Amazon during the second quarter. And we are encouraged by the early results and learnings. Finally, let me touch on our fifth key initiative, operate with discipline to fuel growth. In the second quarter, we continued to challenge every cost and improve our efficiencies, especially given headwinds on input costs and tariffs. This enabled us to fund a significant increase in our marketing investment while expanding operating margin and increasing operating profit. Adjusted operating expenses, excluding marketing, were roughly flat in the quarter. We continue to increase the flexibility and efficiency of our global supply chain as we keep a close eye on tariffs and other trade developments. The tariffs enacted to date have a limited impact on our business, but we are continuing to diversify our supply chain to mitigate the long-term impact of potential tariff scenarios. In closing, as we execute our Next Great Chapter plan, we are encouraged by our early progress. Our teams around the world are embracing our strategy and are focused on executing with excellence. We've done a lot of work to ensure that every individual at the company clearly understands how his or her work supports our strategy. Speaking of our teams, I am especially proud to note that Ralph Lauren recently achieved global recognition in the Korn Ferry Employee Engagement Awards. We rank in the top three most engaged places to work across nine different countries, including Japan, China, and Korea. In addition, for the first time, we achieved certified status as a great place to work in the U.S. and were recognized on the Forbes Best Employers for New Grads list, as we focus on attracting the next generation of talent and consumers. Each member of our diverse and motivated global motivated team is contributing to deliver on our plan. And Ralph and I continue to be inspired by their passion and commitment every day and know that it will take all 24,000 of us around the world to deliver it. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane, and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results demonstrated continued execution on our strategy while navigating a more challenging global trade and cost environment. We delivered on key metrics, including mid-single-digit AUR growth, double-digit growth in digital commerce, and gross and operating margin expansion, all while delivering both revenue and profit growth. Second quarter revenues increased 2% on both a reported and a constant currency basis. This was driven by strong 13% growth in Asia and 10% growth across digital commerce. Adjusted gross margin expanded 100 basis points in the second quarter and 60 basis points in constant currency, benefiting from reduced promotional activity and favorable product, geographic, and channel mix. Adjusted operating margin in the second quarter was 13.9%, up 50 basis points to last year on a reported basis and up 20 basis points in constant currency. In this quarter, we chose to make incremental investments in consumer-facing 50th anniversary marketing and social media amplification. We continue to make progress on our long-term objective of increasing marketing to approximately 5% of sales while also focusing on productivity to achieve our operating margin expansion goal. Moving on to our segment performance, starting with North America, revenue was up 1% in the second quarter and adjusted operating margin was 23.7%, representing a 60 basis point increase to last year. In the retail channels in North America, we posted 1% comp growth in constant currency, as our directly operated digital commerce business inflected back to growth. The 9% increase in our digital comp came as a result of incremental traffic gains. We continue to reposition RalphLauren.com as our most important flagship door with ongoing improvements in product and functionality. Our brick-and-mortar comps in North America were down 1% in the second quarter, driven by traffic declines, while AUR grew 3% year-over-year. We are focused on reversing the traffic declines through increased marketing, refreshed store environments and improved products, including expansion in under-developed categories. At a more macro level, foreign tourist sales were down about 2% to last year in the second quarter, largely reflecting currency movements. Moving on to North America wholesale, second quarter revenue was roughly flat, which was partially driven by an increase in off-price sales related to timing of shipments. For the full year, we still plan to reduce our off-price penetration within our broader wholesale channel. Our goal is to continue to improve quality of distribution and strategically reposition off-price toward an excess inventory clearance vehicle. Our full-price wholesale sales continue to be pressured by our deliberate actions to improve quality of sales and exits from lower quality distribution. While we expect volatility on a quarter-by-quarter basis, our underlying trend is improving. And for full year FY 2019, we expect underlying revenue to be down low to mid-single digits versus the mid to high single-digit declines last year. Our digital wholesale business continued to grow, delivering 9% growth year-over-year in the second quarter, with continued share gains in core categories. As a reminder, our revenue trend in North America wholesale will look more challenging in the second half of the year, notably in the fourth quarter. This is due to the timing of off-price shipments that I just mentioned, with significant declines planned in the second half. Our focus remains on building high quality growth with our partners in the North America wholesale channel. Moving on to Europe, revenue was down 1% on a reported basis and flat in constant currency in the second quarter. Adjusted operating margins were up 50 basis points, but were down 110 basis points in constant currency, driven by comp pressure, increased marketing and new store expansion. In the retail channel in Europe, comps were down 4% in constant currency, representing a sequential improvement from the 8% decline we reported in Q1. Our digital comp on our directly operated European website was flat, impacted by our digital platform upgrade at the end of last quarter. We saw strong quality of sales improvements, including double-digit growth in AUR and a reduction in discount rates and are encouraged by the response to our newly upgraded platform. As we got back into inventory positions and adjusted product assortments in Europe, notably in outlet, we saw an improvement in our trend with Q2 brick-and-mortar comps down 4%, representing a 5 point increase from Q1. We expect continued improvement in trends in the second half of the year. Our ongoing efforts to improve quality of sales continued, with AURs up 8% in the second quarter in Europe retail. Wholesale revenue in Europe was flat in constant currency in the second quarter. A shipment timing benefited Q1 and negatively impacted Q2, as planned. Our underlying trend in the channel remains healthy, up low to mid-single digits, including double-digit growth in wholesale digital. We expect continued volatility in Q3 and Q4 growth based on shipment timing, with growth patterns similar to those of the first half of the year. However, overall second half performance should align with our underlying growth trend. Turning to Asia, revenue was up 13% on a reported basis and 14% in constant currency in the second quarter. We saw strong performance across every market in Asia, including Japan, Korea, China and Australia. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in this region. And we continue to increase our digital efforts and engagement with local influencers and celebrities. Our 50th Anniversary Fashion Show in Central Park included many of our key Chinese and Japanese social influencers, who shared our brand with millions of followers. Comps in Asia increased 6% in constant currency in the second quarter. We expect continued comp growth in Asia as we upgrade our distribution network and increase our marketing initiatives to amplify and elevate the brand. Adjusted operating margin was up 220 basis points to last year in the second quarter in Asia and up 270 basis points in constant currency, as leverage from strong top-line performance more than offset increased marketing investment in the quarter. Moving on to the balance sheet, our balance sheet is strong and we returned capital to shareholders, reflecting our continued operating progress. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and investments and $684 million in total debt. We used a new issue of $400 million of senior unsecured notes to retire $300 million of debt that matured in September 2018. Consistent with our commitment to return cash to shareholders, we repurchased $92 million in shares in the second quarter. Moving to inventory, at the end of the second quarter, inventory was up 15% to last year. About 60% of the inventory increase is related to higher in-transit inventory and earlier receipt of goods versus last year. We are utilizing less airfreight this year in order to reduce shipment costs and this resulted in a higher level of goods in transit. We also realigned our wholesale receipt calendar to better match customer demand and maximize full price selling. This also impacted quarter-end inventory level. The remaining 40% of the increase is related to higher inventory buys to support anticipated growth, including new stores, digital and comp growth. As we mentioned last quarter, we had strategic increases in our European factory stores as we cut too deeply and were out of stock last year. In addition, the second half includes the largest number of our new store openings this year, therefore, the inventory for those new stores was on hand at the end of the second quarter. As a result, our inventory levels at the end of this quarter and next quarter will be higher than we typically have during this season. We plan to moderate inventory levels by the end of this fiscal year to be better aligned with our sales outlook. Now, I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and third quarter of fiscal 2019. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges. We are on track to deliver our goals for the year. We now expect revenues to be flat to up slightly in constant currency for the full year fiscal 2019. This is based primarily on our strong first half top-line result. We continue to expect a decline in North America and growth in our international businesses. Foreign currency is now expected to have about 75 basis points of negative impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2019. We continue to expect operating margin for fiscal 2019 to be up 40 to 60 basis points in constant currency, with minimal impact from foreign currency. This guidance reflects our solid performance in the first half and our view of the underlying trends as we execute the Next Great Chapter plan. It also incorporates the emerging dynamic of tariffs and our plans to better align inventory levels to our sales growth outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenues to be up low single digits in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 100 basis points in the quarter. Operating margin for the third quarter of fiscal 2019 is expected to be up about 20 basis points to last year in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to be a slight benefit to operating margin in the quarter. We continue to expect capital expenditures of approximately $275 million in fiscal 2019, focused on consumer-facing initiatives that have demonstrated a proof of concept and healthy rates of return. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 is unchanged at 21%. Third quarter of fiscal 2019 tax rate is estimated at approximately 22% to 23%. In closing, we are moving forward in executing our Next Great Chapter plan and we continue to make operational progress in our business while navigating a more challenging global trade and inflationary environment. Our teams around the world celebrated 50 years of Ralph's creative vision and we are passionate about our future. Importantly, our teams are delivering and this quarter demonstrates that we are on the right path toward long-term sustainable growth and value creation. But before I open up the call for your questions, many of you already know that Evren Kopelman, our Head of Investor Relations, will be transitioning to a new role within the organization as CFO of Club Monaco. On behalf of the entire Ralph Lauren team, we'd like to express our gratitude for everything she has contributed to this role. Evren has led the Investor Relations team with integrity, transparency and passion. And we are confident that she will do the same for our Club Monaco business. The great news is that our IR function also has an excellent new leader, Corinna Van Der Ghinst, who will be assuming the Head of IR role. Cori spent over a decade as a sell-side analyst at Citi and as a fashion entrepreneur. She joined the RL team seven months ago and is off to a great start. Please join me in congratulating both of them and please reach out to Cori and the team on any communications going forward. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank. You may ask your question.
Paul Trussell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for taking our question and congrats on the revenue momentum.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Morning.
Paul Trussell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: What factors drove the return to growth in North America digital and are they sustainable over time? And overall, what inning do you believe you're in with digital?
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning, Paul. Hey, welcome. Welcome to the group. So we're actually pleased with our progress on digital commerce this quarter, both in North America and actually also internationally, but let me touch on the key drivers for the North America progress. It's really three factors for us: one, better brand building; two, an enhanced consumer experience; and then, three, continued work on quality of sales. So maybe just to give you some flavor, some of the things we drove across each of these factors. On the brand building front, we leveraged the 50th Anniversary Fashion Show with what we called an immersive website experience. We streamed the show live. We told richer and deeper stories, and we're going to continue to do that on product. We integrated our social feeds, and we launched what we've called a dynamic 50th storytelling section on the site, so much more elevated storytelling, much more elevated photography, much more interesting content. On the consumer experience front, we drove a number of changes, and we know we have significant progress to make here. So just to give you few examples of increased functionality in this past quarter; faster site loading time on mobile. Our loading time improved by 25% to 30% over the past quarter, and we know every second is millions of dollars. Product suggestions, so we introduced a May We Suggest section. Actually, we reintroduced a May We Suggest section that we had many years back and that we brought back. We've provided enhanced product detail pages. We launched favorites, and we also launched the waitlist functionality. We are now delivering more elevated packaging on our luxury items, and then we accelerated our standard shipping timings. So those are just a few of the changes we've driven. And obviously, making sure our consumers have an awesome experience on the site is critical for us. Then the third element is we continued to work on quality of sales, driving AURs and reducing our discounting over time. In terms of innings and Jane is our baseball expert on this team, listen, in terms of innings, I think, Paul, at this stage, we're really in the very early stages of the game. We actually see many more opportunities moving forward. We're planning continued growth now in North America digital commerce in the back half of the year. So we're pleased with the plus 9% we delivered this quarter and expect to continue to grow moving forward. Then longer term, our biggest opportunities are really in building the omnichannel functionality of our digital commerce operations, so better connecting our retail experiences to where the consumer wants us to show up, better connecting it to our social commerce, and so on.
Paul Trussell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you for the color. Just to quickly walk down the P&L, you had another solid quarter of gross margin expansion, but guidance does suggest that those gains may moderate somewhat in the second half. So if you could, just help us maybe better understand the puts and takes of this quarter and what we should keep in mind as the year progresses, including just how much you believe you can narrow the inventory to sales spread by year end.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Sure, so welcome, Paul. I'd be happy to take you through the gross margin. What you saw in the second quarter, we were pleased with our gross margin performance expanding 100 basis points in the quarter. The most important driver is what's been really durable over the last two years, and that is that we reduced promotion and we got our AURs up. That's going to maintain over the second half of this year and is the chief driver in expanding our gross margin 75 basis points for the full year. We also had benefits from geographic mix and channel mix. Those are also going to be durable through the second half of the year. Where we're seeing a switch is really the product cost, which was a slight headwind in the quarter, actually becomes a headwind through Q3 and Q4, and is about 30 to 40 basis points of pressure by the time we exit the year in the fourth quarter. You'll recall last year, that was a tailwind of about 80 basis points. So that's where the dynamic is shifting, and we've been calling that out for a while. And indeed, we are seeing that. Now importantly, as we think about that pressure, it incorporates the tariff pressures that we're seeing from the existing legislation and incorporates some of the freight and input cost inflation that we're seeing. And then FX, which has been a nice tailwind to us in the first quarter of about 10 basis points and in the second quarter of about 40 basis points, moves into a headwind in the second half of the year. So those are really the drivers. We're really pleased that we continue to expect gross margin expansion, and we're holding to our guidance on gross margin expansion. But we do see, as we've called out for a while, some of those pressures coming. As we look at inventory, we expect inventory to more closely align with our sales outlook by the fourth quarter.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. You may ask your question.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks and congrats on a nice quarter.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Matt.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On the expense front, Jane, I guess help us to think about the SG&A efficiencies remaining from here. And maybe just elaborate a little on the timeline for SG&A line item leverage if comps were to turn positive going forward.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So as we think about big initiatives in terms of what we're seeing in SG&A, we have a number of focus areas across our costs. We're seeing some of the benefits from the procurement initiatives that we instituted. We're starting to see some nice distribution savings that will mostly manifest themselves in FY 2020 from the work that we're doing, and a disciplined approach to overall costs. And overall in the quarter, we've seen our payroll costs reducing. And of course, as I called out, we invested in marketing this quarter. As I look to the back half of the year, we'll continue to invest in marketing, notably in the third quarter. Now recall, last year in the first half of the year, marketing was down. It was up in the second half. We are going to invest and expect to have increased marketing in the third quarter, but some leverage in the fourth quarter overall. And so I think you'll see the expense flow be a little higher in the third quarter and advantaged in the fourth quarter as we move through the year. But as you saw in our guidance for the full year, we expect operating margin expansion and our revenue to be flattish to slightly up. And so I think you'll see some nice profit accretion top to bottom line.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Simeon Siegel with Nomura. You may ask your question.
Simeon Avram Siegel - Nomura/Instinet: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys. And congrats on the progress.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Simeon.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Simeon.
Simeon Avram Siegel - Nomura/Instinet: Jane, any view on how much more room you have to grow AUR? You've obviously been doing a fantastic job there. And then any way to quantify the savings you expect from reducing the airfreight. And then, Patrice, any learnings you can share on maybe favorite question on Amazon, anything that you've seen there with our relationship? Thanks.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Sure.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Sure. So I would say on AUR growth, AUR growth is a key part of our strategic plan that we outlined. So we expect AUR growth as we move through into the second half so that will continue. And then as we look out over the next five years, because we're elevating our brand, we're moving to a more direct-to-consumer distribution, you will see AUR growth through the remainder of the plan. So, we see it as durable. We see it as an important part of the plan. It's a combination of reduction in promotion, selective and surgical price increases, as needed, notably on new products. And overall, assorting into higher AURs, notably in our international markets, where consumers have been very receptive to that. The shift out of airfreight is a part of our ongoing saving strategy to move to more efficient forms of freight transport. Freight, in total, is about 3% to 5% of our COGS, so it's important. It's a nice shift, but I wouldn't say it's a material driver of overall COGS.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And I guess on your Amazon question, so maybe just starting with a bigger picture on pure players for us. Pure players is a key building block of our digital commerce strategy. And, actually, this quarter, pure players was the fastest growing part of our digital commerce business. As far as the U.S. is concerned, we're now live with our Chaps pilot on Amazon. We've been on there for several weeks. We're actually encouraged by the early results, the higher AURs, frankly, than we expected, so we'll see whether that continues. And then the learnings that we're generating together with Amazon, so feeling good about that. But, obviously, very early days and we'll report over time in terms of how we're performing. And then on the broader Amazon conversation, we are continuing our dialogue with Amazon. We are very clear on the four key principles for us to participate in pure play business. They haven't changed, right: brand building presentation; pricing integrity; making sure that no non-authorized third-party sellers or counterfeit products are available on the site; and working with the partner on access to consumer data. So those four principles are still in place. We are now there on the balance of the portfolio with Amazon in the U.S. We're actually making progress across many different pure players around the world, including here in the U.S. We just joined Stitch Fix, Olivella in the U.S. and also new customers around the world. So continuing to drive it and continuing to drive the dialogue with Amazon and looking carefully at our experience in our pilot with Chaps.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada. You may ask your question.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. Congrats to the team, and especially Evren on the promotion, very well done.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Brian.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I think you guys talked about share gains in North America in the department store on the digital side, so curious how do you feel about share dynamics overall in North America wholesale? It's been a while, I think, since you guys talked about share gains? And then the second question would be, would you expect the off-price sell-ins to be down next year as well or is this really the big cleanup year? Thank you very much.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Well, why don't we tag-team on that one with Jane, Brian. So as far as share is concerned, we believe greatly in share, right. Because ultimately, it's the measure of consumer voting, so it is something that we watch. As far as the U.S. performance is concerned, so our men's wholesale share is basically stabilized. So it's now been stable for a couple quarters after 13 quarters of decline, so we're encouraged by the stabilization. Obviously, success is not stabilization. Success is growth. We are growing share online on wholesale dot-com so we're actually excited about the progress we're making there. And we're now all focused on making sure we deliver share in the brick-and-mortar part of wholesale. We're doing that through the marketing investments and engaging marketing activities. We're doing that through, obviously, all the product work that's going on, both on the core and on the newness. And we're doing that through renovating our doors. And that continues to be a program on which we are making solid progress to make sure the brand is presented in a way that's consistent with how we view it and how we want it to show up to consumers in 2018. So I think that's the share picture. Jane, you want to talk about off-price?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So, on the off-price reduction, it's going to be down meaningfully this year. As we move out into the out years of our strategic plan, we do plan to reduce our penetration of off-price to our wholesale channel. So we expect it to be compressive, if you will, to our overall growth. We contemplated that with our algorithm as we looked at our five-year strategic plan. Will it be negative or not? I think it's too soon to call. It'll be based on our overall wholesale outlook. And we're managing that channel prudently, but we've acknowledged it is a pressure point to our overall growth algorithm and we've contemplated that.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi. You may ask your question.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and Evren and Cori, congratulations again. My question centered around the capsule launches you highlighted in your prepared comments. I just wondered how you were thinking about managing the cadence and availability of these collections going forward and what ROI are you seeing from these specific capsule launches so far.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So overall, we're excited about the role these capsules play within our overall brand building program. We are very clear that we have to do this at the right pace, because if you do it too frequently, it loses its sense of excitement and interest. We think we have the right drumbeat, so we expect to continue to do these at the pace that I think we've established so far. And, listen, every time we drop one, we're getting immense excitement and great interest. The latest one is Downhill Skier, so available on our app for those of you who want to access it. And initial results are quite positive behind that. But it is part of our broader brand building program and product program moving forward, right? If you think about it from a product standpoint, one, we obviously want to drive the core. We're seeing positive results on the core. Then we want to use limited editions in capsules and personalization to bring excitement to the brand. And then, obviously, a third plank is the under-developed categories that we've been talking about.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: From an ROI perspective, Kate, we look at these as really they have a great marketing value. They tend to sell out and sell out at full price. Our teams have gotten very adept at developing them, so the incremental costs are minimal. So we see them as a good product ROI and, more importantly, a great marketing ROI.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. You may ask your question.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask a follow-up on the digital inflection. Sorry if I didn't pick up on this, but I'm trying to understand how much of that inflection to positive trends in the digital comps is a matter of kind of cycling the closing down of all the promotions that were driving traffic and sales and just kind of winding that down and not having to comp against that so much versus kind of more offensive measures that are really driving consumer demand and excitement in that channel, maybe if you could help us understand what are the key driver in inflection. And also on the Polo app, while we're on digital, maybe you could talk about the possibility for a membership program or some sort of loyalty program. We're seeing more brands kind of combine membership and loyalty with their own apps to engage with the consumer more directly. Thanks.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Sure, Omar. I'll take the first part and then I'll let Patrice talk about what we're doing moving forward. What we've seen in terms of our inflection back to growth, there's no denying that we are overlapping a significant reset of our digital business to drive price harmonization, to become less promotional. I think we've accomplished that. And encouragingly in the quarter, what we see is that our full price business on our website is growing nicely, so that's an important part of what you're seeing in terms of the growth. But what I can't do is break out exactly what's the benefit of the improvements that we've made to the site and how much that's impacting. We did see the key driver is improved traffic and so that we know that that's helping the top line and that traffic is getting a better experience. But I think that the reset that we've done as we look at full price selling, which has been up nicely in this quarter, is an important part of the driver. So I think they really go hand-in-hand.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And then on the app, I mean, we're actually really excited. We're finally able to make an app available to our fan community around the world. Loyalty point is spot on, Omar, which is ultimately, we will want to have a loyalty program for our best customers. We'll need to make sure that we offer relevant value for them. But certainly, that's consistent with our thinking on this platform.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks. And I'll add my thanks to Evren and Corinna. Can we dig in on North America wholesale for a second? Flat in the quarter; I think that in the first quarter, that was down mid-single digits and excluding some one-time shifts and then flat this quarter. Jane, do you feel like that's a pretty comparable number to the underlying negative mid-single digits in 1Q or were there any puts and takes in the second quarter to think about?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: We saw North America, overall in the first quarter, wholesale business was down low single digits. And we see it flattish in the second quarter, up slightly in the second quarter. I think it's relatively comparable. What I'm seeing in the underlying trend, the underlying full price trend is that from first half to second half, we're making sequential progress. So we're very encouraged by that. We saw in the first half, sort of, some high single-digit to mid-single-digit declines. As we go into the second half, we expect to see that improve to be more towards the overall trend, of sort of low to mid-single-digit declines in our full price business, which is a meaningful improvement from what we saw last year. So overall, we're encouraged. Most of the noise is coming from the shipment timing of off-price, but we see sequential progress in our full price North America wholesale business as we move into the second half of the year.
Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: If I roll that forward, just thinking about the math, it looks like revenues are poised to decline mid to high single digits in fourth quarter on the North America wholesale side or on the...
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: That's right.
Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I'm sorry, on the total company, mid to high singles. Looks like currency will be about a 3 point drag. And then I think you had an Easter shift that maybe is a point there. So underlying, we're low single digits, as the rest of that inflection from third quarter back to negative in fourth quarter? Is that fully explained by the off-price shift that you're speaking about?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. So we've got a lot of dynamics. Let me just sort of pull them apart. In the fourth quarter, you're exactly right, Michael. We've been calling out for a while. What you're going to see if you step back, first half to second half, you're going to see overall trend improvement. In the first three quarters, consistent with our guidance of this year, are very positive. Fourth quarter, as we said, has a number of factors that we've called out. One is, the Easter shift, which is 3 points to North America comp and a full point to the total company. This is total company revenues. We've called out reductions in off-price. And then shipment timing in Europe for their wholesale business is going to be favorable in the third quarter, but it will decline in the fourth quarter, very similar to what we saw in the first half of the year. Those are the three drivers that get you to the guidance squeeze on the fourth quarter, which is our most challenging top line quarter.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Alexandra Walvis - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions, a couple of questions for me on the brick-and-mortar presentation for the brand. So firstly, on the wholesale side, Patrice, you made a comment earlier that the refreshes that you've been making with some of the department store partners have been progressing well. Can you remind us how many of these that you've done, how many of these there are still to go? What proportion of the fleet does that represent and whether there's further momentum that we can expect there? Second question on brick-and-mortar relates to your own brick-and-mortar business. You've seen this material inflection in your e-commerce, RalphLauren.com business. What needs to happen for the brick-and-mortar comps to inflect materially positively? Is it a case of more store remodels? And you've mentioned previously that we should expect some more omnichannel initiatives, so perhaps that's part of the story, but I'd be interested in your thoughts there.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So starting with the wholesale renovation, so far over the past 12 months, we've done about 175. Obviously, we're focusing first and foremost on those bigger doors, so not every door is treated equally. Some of these include the doors that our biggest partner is renovating at the same time, their top 50. That represents about 10% of sales. So we're early days in this exercise. Where we have done it, we've seen an acceleration of top line growth and we see a good financial return on it. So we're actually quite encouraged by the early results we're getting behind this. What we'd like to do, I think we talked it during Investor Day, is over the next three years, we want to get to at least 60% of our business, which will represent the majority of the core doors for the business; so continuing to drive that both here in the U.S. and also doing that around the world. We just redid our Selfridges doors. So those of you who are traveling in the UK, you'll get a chance to see that. That was redone about three or four days ago, and the early indications are positive. As far as the second part of your question, which is when do things turn from a brick-and-mortar standpoint and what's going to be different relative to e-commerce, I think it's really the key elements of the strategy that we've called out, which is making sure that our marketing is connecting with a new generation of consumers and getting those consumers excited about what we have to offer. It's really around product and getting the right balance between core and fashion and leveraging the capsules and the special partnerships and personalization, as we talked earlier, to drive that. And then indeed to your point, the omnichannel dimension is critical, so we look at it as a whole, because we need to make sure we're connecting as much as possible wholesale dot-com and wholesale brick-and-mortar because we are encouraged by the progress we're seeing on dot-com, and so it's leverage the momentum that we're building there. But it's the fundamentals of product, communication, and store. And I am actually really pleased with the way the teams are actually treating against all those three elements. So we should continue to see incremental sequential progress as we put one foot in front of the other in driving the acceleration of the business.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, everyone. Congrats on the quarter. Congrats, Evren and Cori, on the moves. I guess, Jane, I want to focus on Europe, or Patrice, just first thoughts on the overall market. There's clearly been some very unseasonable weather and a lot of partners and brands have struggled there, just what you're seeing from a macro perspective maybe the UK versus the EU. And then, Jane, I just wanted to ask about the comp forecast for the back half. I think you talked about continued improvement on the comp line at Europe. Is that a return to growth improvement or, is that just less bad, less negative comp trajectory through the year?
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Let me start and then you take on, Jane.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So listen, as far as overall Europe is concerned, Ike, we're actually performing in line with our expectations for Q2. So it's the same thing, delivering sequential progress, I think we talked earlier about the progress we're making on direct comps. We're also seeing good performance on wholesale. So we're not seeing macro dynamics really shift significantly for our business. We've also assumed relatively tame progress from a macro standpoint in Europe moving forward. I think we're assuming basically flat overall growth for the region. And we have outlawed weather as an explanation for business performance at Ralph Lauren. So listen, weather was not clearly a tailwind, but we have to control our destiny and we've I think leveraged other dimensions of our portfolio and business model to drive the business forward, so all in all, seeing good performance on wholesale. There are timing dynamics, but low to mid-single-digit performance in European wholesale, better transition than expected on our platform on dot-com, great work by the team there, so feeling good about that. And then, as you saw, sequential progress on retail comps, minus 4% Q2, minus 8% the quarter before that, and we expect that progress to continue.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes. Ike, as we said, one thing that we might call out is that we do see some weakness in foreign tourists, largely probably based on what we're seeing in the euro. But overall in Europe from a comp perspective, we were very pleased with the 5-point improvement we saw going from Q1 to Q2 in our bricks-and-mortar comps. And, as you know, we made a significant investment in inventory in that market to get back into more seasonal product, a little more innovation in our product, notably in our outlet stores, and we're seeing that working. And so we expect our bricks-and-mortar comp as a reflection of that investment in inventory, and in conjunction with marketing investments that we've made, that you'll see an improvement in the second half. We don't guide comps by region, but we expect to see some nice improvement as we move through the second half.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: We'll take one last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The last question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. You may ask your question.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Evren, thank you very much and congratulations to you guys.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: So I guess if we could spend just a little bit of time on China, I'd love to hear how you guys feel about how the Ralph Lauren brand relationship with the Chinese consumer is and marketing plans there. And specifically, there's a lot of talk around tourism, but trends in Hong Kong, Macau, more tourist-driven markets there. I just wonder if you could just give us some insight into what you're seeing there. Thanks very much.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Sure. Good morning, Bob. So, listen, we're excited about our progress in China, right. You saw the numbers. They continued to be strong in Q2: Greater China, up 20%; Mainland China, up 40%, consistent with what we delivered in the first quarter. So we have nice momentum, nice momentum there. If you kind of peel the different elements apart, our digital business is growing double digits there. We just launched our digital flagship RalphLauren.cn, so we're excited about that. We just joined TOPLIFE within the JD platform. We're also excited about that, so, in general, good progress on the digital commerce front. And then, we're continuing to drive our brick-and-mortar presence in the context of the ecosystem we want to build around these big cities, the Shanghais, the Shenzhens, the Beijings and Hong Kongs of this world. We ended the quarter with 68 stores in China. We are on track to open 50 in total for the fiscal year. And what's exciting and gets to your specific consumer question is what we're seeing in terms of consumer engagement is we're bringing in a good balance between men and women, right. So, you know, globally, our business trends to be more skewed towards men. But in China, actually we've got a good 50%-50% balance between men and women. We're bringing younger consumers, right, so consumers in their 20s and 30s which we feel good about. And then we're also seeing consumers who are prepared to buy at the high-end of our range from a product standpoint, so one illustration, cashmere, which is one of our higher-priced items, consistently is in the top 10 selling items in China. And as a whole, we're actually seeing the consumer ready to migrate to the higher parts of our portfolio. From an awareness standpoint, we continue to build awareness. It's always a little tricky to get reliable awareness data in China, but from the latest indications we had is the marketing that we're doing there with influencers weaving the brand into the cultural fabric of China is clearly resonating. And the fact that we had a number of our influencers at the show obviously helped. And we've got Singles' Day coming up, so we'll do a lot of good marketing around that. We're not going to leverage it as a promotional tool. We really focus on it as a brand building tool. But I would say the response that we're getting from consumers, men and women, across Mainland China and Greater China is actually quite encouraging. And we're building good momentum. And you know what our goal is for the business. We want to hit $0.5 billion in the next five years. And if we continue at this pace, then we'll get to that number and probably a little bit more. On tourism, actually tourism is a relatively small part of our business, right, so the whole Daegu conversation and so on really doesn't apply much to us. Obviously, it's an area of development for us, but at this point certainly not a vulnerability.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: All right, that closes the morning. Listen, thank you to all of you for joining us today. This is clearly an important year for us as we celebrate our 50th anniversary and not many companies get to do that in this industry. And I do want to take this opportunity to congratulate Ralph and the entire team on what we've accomplished so far and the ongoing work that we're all doing to deliver for the future as we write our Next Great Chapter. We're pleased with our early progress and results as we continue to strengthen our connection with the consumers around the world. We again want to thank Evren for everything that she's done on this part of the business. And I really look forward to you helping us drive Club Monaco to glory. And then, Cori, officially welcome in your new role. This is great succession planning, I think. And we look forward to talking to all of you over the course of the next quarter or at the call the next quarter. So thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - IR Patrice Louvet - President and CEO Jane Nielsen - CFO
Analysts: Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Grace Smalley - JP Morgan Chase Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Alex Wallace - Goldman Sachs Rick Patel - Needham & Company Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren first quarter fiscal 2019 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations Web site. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Evren. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We're pleased to report first quarter fiscal 2019 results that reflect progress on our next great chapter's strategic growth plan that we shared with you at our investor day, in June. We're encouraged by this start to the new fiscal year, as first quarter results showed improvement in both the top and bottom line. A few of our team's key achievements this quarter included high single-digit growth in our average unit retail globally, double-digit growth in Asia, our key growth region, and digital commerce up high single digits. This solid start enables us to modestly improve our outlook for the year. Our long-term plan is based on our three guiding principles, first to put the consumer at the center of everything we do. Second, to elevate and energize our brands, and third, to balance growth and productivity. With these principles in mind we are focused on executing our five key strategies. First, win over a new generation of consumers. Second, energize core products and accelerate high-value underdeveloped categories. Third, drive targeted expansion in all regions and channels. Fourth, lead with digital across all activities. And fifth, operate with discipline to fuel growth. Let me take you through the progress we've made in the first quarter across these initiatives, starting with the first one, win over a new generation of consumers. Our goal is to recruit millions of new consumers into our brand each year. To achieve that we're continuing to increase our marketing investment and shift our spend to digital channels that matter most to consumers today. In the first quarter, we increased our marketing spend by about 20% to last year. Our primary communication was our Spring Polo campaign featuring our iconic white Polo shirt. We told our brand's story in a fresh way that drove results. Sales of our Polo shirts in the first quarter outpaced our overall revenue trend, and were up double digits in men's. We also continue to drive interest and excitement among our target consumers through limited additional launches. In the first quarter, we continue to leverage our iconic heritage and deep archives to launch CP93. This collection originally launched in 1993 and celebrated the America's Cup sailing race. Marketing communication utilized both archival assets and a newly shot campaign to celebrate the heritage, while generating new excitement for the updated capsule collection. The collection performed well with many styles selling out within days. We also continue to leverage the power of cultural events and influencers. This came to life recently at Wimbledon at the end of the first quarter. As the official outfitter of the event, we amplified our sponsorship and increased our reach on digital and social media through celebrity dressing and events with influencers. For example, British actress, Poppy Delevingne, took over Polo's Instagram stories and shared her stylish take on Wimbledon. Other celebrities including Emma Watson, Gemma Chan, Luke Evans, Eddie Redmayne, Eason Chan, F4, and Coco Lee, all wore Polo to the event. We generated over six billion total impressions globally from extensive social media presence. As we said at our investor day, our influencer and celebrity strategy spans various parts of culture, from artists, to movie starts, to athletes. This diverse group of influencers represents different aspects of our brand and engages different consumer segments. In the world of sports, we renewed our sponsorship agreement with top professional golfer, Justin Thomas, who will continue to serve as brand ambassador or Polo Golf. And we also launched a new RLX collaboration with Billy Horschel. In the entertainment world, at the Met Gala, in May, in New York several celebrities were dressed in our brand, including Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Lily Aldridge, Priyanka Chopra, Kerry Washington, Shailene Woodley, Ansel Elgort, Jimmy Fallon. Our spring '18 Purple Label campaign featured Japanese actor and pop star Akira across a combination of digital, print, and outdoor media. Now, moving on to our second key initiative, energize core products and accelerate high-value underdeveloped categories. In our five-year plan, we expect half of our growth will come from core product categories, with the other half driven by high-value underpenetrated categories. We believe the key to energizing the core and driving a differentiated point of view in the marketplace is to combine Ralph and our creative team's iconic brand vision with deep insight and understanding of consumers around the world. This approach is gaining traction as our renewed core styles and icons drove a sequential improvement in our sellout trend in key categories for the spring-summer season. Performance was led by our Polo brand in both men and women's. We saw product successes in our core items where we brought newness and interest through the addition of novelty like embroidery, print, and color blocking as well as refreshed fabrics and increased functionality. Within our core, strong categories in men's included Polo shirts, woven shirts in both our oxford fabric and the newly-introduced natural stretch poplin, and our new chino pants with stretch fabrications. In women's Polo, dresses are trending well with consumers responding to our long shirt dresses in a number of different styles. Customization also continued to help energize our core product offerings. We had a popup custom shop at Wimbledon that offered exclusive prints as part of our Wimbledon capsule collection which sold through very well. In addition, our new small format store in Beverly Center in the Los Angeles market has a successful create-your-own shop that already represents approximately 10% of the store's sales. We also made progress on building out underdeveloped categories that has significant growth potential across all brands. These include denim, wear to work, auto wear, footwear, and accessories. Starting with denim, a fabrication that is core to our brand and where consumers have told us they expect us to play. Building off of the strong momentum of fiscal year '18, our sales in denim were up mid single digits in the first quarter, outpacing total company revenue growth. We saw traction in all channels of distribution with updated fits, washes, and lighter weight fabrications in both men's and women's. Auto wear was another strong category where lighter weight and functional fabrics in both casual weekend and wear-to-work styles for spring-summer drove growth. First quarter auto wear sales were up high single digits year-over-year across our brands. Our improved merchandizing is driving full-price sell-through and lower discounts. In the first quarter average unit retail was up 8% across our direct-to-consumer network. We're making encouraging progress across multiple fronts on product. And we are pleased with the improving consumer response that we're seeing. Moving on to our third key initiative, drive targeted expansion in all regions and channels. We're focused on building a compelling and competitive ecosystem that includes digital distribution, new small format stores, and renovated stores and shops to drive comp growth. As we discussed at investor day, international is a key growth opportunity for the company as we are underdeveloped in markets like China and select European countries. Mainland China is our largest near-term opportunity, and our momentum in this region continued in the first quarter. Revenue in China was up over 25% in constant currency in the quarter, including over 40% growth in Mainland China. Our digital business in China continued to grow rapidly through Tmall, JD.com and WeChat. This growth was supported by targeted marketing through social media and influencer engagements. On the store front, we opened seven new points of distribution in China in the first quarter, and we're on track to open more than 50 stores for fiscal 2019. Our new small store formats are performing well. As we continue to expand and raise our brand awareness, we are on track to achieve our long-term goals of reaching $500 million of revenue in five years in China. Another key element of our distribution strategy is provide a consistent, elevated experience across all channels. To achieve this we continue to improve the quality of our distribution through our store and shop refresh programs globally. We are elevating our distribution and our brands through improvements in fixturing, lighting, layout, and visual merchandising. We continue to see a good return on our investments with these projects. Moving on to our fourth key initiatives, lead with digital. Our overall digital business including our directly operated sites, department store.com, pure players and social commerce was up 7% globally in the first quarter. This was driven by 24% growth in international with North America up slightly. We expect to drive an acceleration of our overall digital growth as our directly operated North American digital flagship returns to growth. In the first quarter, this business showed a significant sequential improvement with a 2% decline versus the high teen declines we reported last year. We expect our site to return to growth in the second quarter as we reposition it as our most important flagship door and continue to improve the consumer experience. In the first quarter, we added improved product detail pages, 360 degree product videos, delivery date estimate and automated product recommendations among other enhancements. In Europe, we also continue to elevate and improve our digital presence. In the first quarter we upgraded the technology platform are directly operated digital flagship, similar to what we implemented in North America last fall. The new site offers a significantly improved consumer experience, including enhanced search tool and filters more engaging in easier to shop product pages, more personalized predictive recommendations and a streamlined checkout. We also continue to drive market share gains within digital at our key retail partners and in our core categories globally. For example in Europe, we ran high impact campaigns with 21 partners across the region. This included the department store websites and key online pure play customers like Asauce, Zalando, Yuk's, Mr. Porter, and Boost. The digital campaigns showcase the versatility of our polisher and how to style it. This significantly increased our brand visibility and drove sales growth. In Asia, we launched Polo on T-mobiles luxury pavilion during the quarter. We also launched a mini program on WeChat which is a digital popup shot featuring the CP93 collection. In addition we executed a successful Polo branded sticker campaign on Japan's main social messaging app, line which more than tripled our followers. Finally, let me touch on our fifth key initiative operate with discipline to show growth. In the first quarter, we continued to challenge every cost and improve our efficiencies. This enabled us to fund the significant increase in our marketing investment while expanding operating margin and increasing operating profit. Adjusted operating expenses, excluding marketing and the impact of foreign currency were up less than 1% in the first quarter. We also continue to make progress, implementing a more efficient, streamlined end-to-end process. Discipline in our product assortments and inventory drove improved SKU productivity and full price selling. This resulted in higher AURs in gross margin. We increase that flexibility and efficiency of our global supply chain which is critical in today's rapidly-changing environment. While the terrace announced so far has a minimal impact on our business. We are keeping a close eye on developments. We believe our strong global supply network should help mitigate the long-term impact of potential scenarios. In closing as we execute our next great chapter plan and we are encouraged by our early progress and the continued improvement in the underlying trends in our business. Our teams around the world are embracing our new strategic framework and are focused on executing with excellence. Ralph and I continue to be inspired by their passion and commitment every day. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning everyone. Our first quarter results were strong and showed continued progress on strengthening the brand and driving execution. Our key initiatives are delivering strong AUR growth, lower discount, higher gross margin, and operating profit growth. First quarter revenue increased 3% on a reported basis and 1% in constant currency. This was above our guidance driven by strong performance in Asia and the benefit of wholesale shipment timing in both Europe and North America. Asia revenue grew 16% in constant currency in the quarter. Our initiatives across product, marketing and shopping experience are resonating strongly in this region. And give us increased confidence in our strategy for Asia and our other region. In the quarter, we saw higher sale through on spring summer product lead by mid single-digit growth in the Polo brand. Adjusted Gross margin expanded a 120 basis points in the first quarter and a 110 basis points in constant currency benefiting from reduced discount rate and favorable product mix. Adjusted operating margin in the first quarter was 11.1% up 90 basis points to last year on a reported basis and 70 basis points in constant currency. In the first quarter, we stepped up our marketing significantly off to a low base last year. Planned investment in marketing was up over 20%. For the full-year, we are planning marketing to grow high single to low double-digit with incremental growth in the second quarter to support the global amplification of our 50 anniversary fashion show. We are progressively increasing marketing investment towards our long-term goal of approximately 5% of sale. We plan to fund the majority of the increase to productivity to achieve our operating margin expansion goals. Moving on to our segment performance, starting with North America, revenue was down 2% in the first quarter and comps were 3% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin was 22.9% representing a 150 basis points increase to last year. Importantly, and similar to last quarter all channels contributed to gross margin improvements in the first quarter. Let me review the North America results across channels, first, our directly operated e-commerce business, second our stores; and third, our wholesale business. Digital commerce comp in a directly operated site in North America declined 2% in the first quarter. As expected, this presented a significant sequential improvement in our trend. As Patrice mentioned, we are repositioning RalphLauren.com as the most important flagship door. As part of our strategy execution, we are continuing quality of sales initiatives on our e-commerce site at a more moderate pace. Full price sales on the site were up about 5% in the quarter. AUR was up 9% and discount rate was down 300 basis points till last year. As we continue to reduce the penetration as deep markdowns in the business. Moving on to our stores, brick-and-mortar comps in North America were down 3% in the first quarter. The timing of Easter pressured comp growth by approximately three points in North America this quarter. Therefore, the underlying comp was about flat excluding that impact. As we mentioned last quarter, Easter compressed total company comp by approximately one point in Q1. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2019 Easter will negatively impact North America comp by about three points and total company by about one point. At a more macro level foreign tourist sales were flat till last year in the first quarter, less robust than the 7% growth in the fourth quarter reflecting currencies fluctuations. Moving on to North America wholesale, the first quarter revenue decline of 1% reflects a significant sequential improvement. This is partially driven by an intentional shift in timing of some of price shipments, the benefited Q1, but negatively impacted Q4. As we mentioned last quarter, our department store spring, summer 2018 season-to-date sellout improved sequentially and we expect continued improvement in the fall season as we benefit from shop renovations and evolved product and marketing. Importantly, in the wholesale channel, our digital wholesale business continues to grow with share gains in men's and kids. As a reminder, our revenue trend in North America wholesale will look more challenging in the second-half of the year. This is due to the timing of off-price shipments with significant declines planned in the second-half and the ongoing impact of Bon-Ton. Our focus remains on building high quality growth with our partners in the North America wholesale channel. Moving on to Europe, revenue increased 8% on a reported basis and 2% in constant currency in the first quarter. Adjusted operating margins were flat, but were down 10 basis points in constant currency driven by challenges at our factory stores. In the retail channel, European comps were down 8% in constant currency with growth in digital commerce more than offset by declines in our stores. We upgraded our European digital commerce platform for our directly operated business at the end of the first quarter. We leveraged learning from the North America conversion last fall to manage the business successfully ahead of the transition resulting in strong sales in Q1. However, as anticipated, we did see some disruption from our transition, which impacted the start of the second quarter. Bricks-and-mortar comps specifically in our outlet stores continue to be pressured by inventory, traffic and product assortment challenges. We continue to work to elevate our brand and distribution and saw progress in our AURs in Europe retail, with AUR growth of 9% in the first quarter. We are implementing a number of changes in our product assortments and promotion structures to improve the traffic and conversion trends in these outlet stores. We expect these initiatives will start impacting the business in the second-half of fiscal '19. Wholesale revenue in Europe increased 13% in constant currency in the first quarter partially benefiting from a shift in shipment timing. This will negatively impact second quarter revenue. We believe our underlying trend in the channels is low to mid single-digit growth, which we expect to return to this level in the second-half of the year. We continue to see momentum in our wholesale digital business growing double-digits in the first quarter and expanding market share. Turning to Asia, revenue was up 19% on a reported basis and 16% in constant currency in the first quarter. We saw a strong performance across every market in Asia including 10% growth in Japan, over 40% growth in mainland China and over 20% growth in greater China, all in constant currency. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in this region. And we continue to increase our digital efforts in engagement with local influencers and celebrities. For example, our Polo shirt campaign generated over a billion impressions as we continued to build key celebrity partnerships. Comps in Asia increased 6% in constant currency in the first quarter continuing the positive trend from fiscal '18. We drove strong double-digit comp growth across our digital business. We expect further comp growth in Asia as we continue to upgrade our distribution network and increase our marketing initiative to amplify and elevate the brand. We also continued to drive quality of sales in Asia. In the first quarter, average unit retails were up 10% and discount rates were down. Adjusted operating margin was up 280 basis points to last year in the first quarter in Asia and at 290 basis points in constant currency. We will continue with prudent quality of sales actions in Asia. We are encouraged by our top line growth and our ability to leverage our investments to drive steady operating margin expansion. Turning to our store suite, we continue to improve our retail network through the closure of underperforming locations and opening new stores with improved adjacencies and productivity. During the first quarter, we opened 14 standalone stores and 12 concessions. We closed two standalone stores and 11 concessions ending the quarter with 484 standalone stores and 633 concessions on a global basis. Moving on to the balance sheet, in this quarter and throughout this year, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet and return capital to shareholders, reflecting the operational progress we are making. We ended the quarter with $2.1 billion in cash and investments up from $1.7 billion at the end of last year's first quarter. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $587 million compared to $590 million last year. Inventory increased 3% on a constant currency basis at the end of the first quarter reflecting investments to support our European factory initiatives and direct-to-consumer expansion. We expect inventory growth by yearend to be slightly ahead of our sales. This will support our DTC expansion and adjustment efforts to restore inventories in select channels following significant pullback. Consistent with our commitment to return cash to shareholders, this quarter we raised our dividend by 25% and repurchased $100 million of our shares. Now I'd like to turn to guidance for the full-year in the second quarter of fiscal '19. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges. For the full fiscal year '19 while it is still early in the year we now expect revenues to be down slightly in constant currency. This is based primarily on our Q1 results. We continue to expect the decline in North America and growth in our international business. Foreign currency is expected to have a minimal impact on our revenue growth for fiscal '19. We expect our revenue trend will be more challenging in the second-half of the year versus the first-half. This is due to heavier planned reductions in off-price shipments in Q3 and Q4; timing of wholesale shipments that benefited Q1 and the lack of an Easter holiday in Q4. Excluding these factors, we expect to see continued improvement in our trend. We now expect operating margin for fiscal '19 to be up 40 to 60 basis points in constant currency. This will be driven by about 75 basis points of growth margin expansion. Foreign currency is expected to have minimal impact on operating margin for fiscal '19. This guidance reflects our solid performance in the first quarter and our view of the underlying trends as we execute the next great chapter plan. In addition, this year we will see the one-time benefit of our repatriation activity in our interest income of $35 million to $40 million and interest expense of approximately $25 million to $30 million in fiscal 2019. For the second quarter of fiscal '19, we expect revenues to be flat to down slightly. Foreign currency is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 30 to 50 basis points in the quarter. Operating margin for the second quarter of fiscal '19 is expected to be up about 30 basis points to last year in constant currency. Foreign currency is estimated to be a slight benefit to operating margin in the quarter. We continue to expect capital expenditures of approximately $275 million in fiscal '19 focused on consumer-facing initiatives that have demonstrated a proof of concept and healthy rates of return including stores, digital and marketing. We now expect our effective tax rate for fiscal '19 to be approximately 21%. The second quarter of fiscal 2019 tax rate is estimated at approximately 22%. In closing, as I said at investor day, in June, we are building the right foundation. We are focused on executing our next great chapter plan, and we are beginning to see progress across our growth initiatives. Inspired by Ralph's creative vision, our teams around the world are delivering. And this quarter demonstrates that we are on the right path toward long-term sustainable growth and value creation. With that, let's open up the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie Capital. You may ask your question.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Your digital commerce results showed improvement in Q1. Can you talk about the drivers and what you expect for growth in FY '19? And separately, Jane, another gross margin beat. Can you parse out the gross margin drivers for the quarter, and how should we think about the gross margin cadence for the next few quarters?
Jane Nielsen: Sure.
Patrice Louvet: Hey, good morning, Laurent. Well, first of all, I appreciate the fact that the first question is on digital, and it's one of our core strategy is to lead with digital. And so a couple of things, one is we did make good progress this quarter on digital commerce with sales up 7% versus last year. Particularly strong growth in international, right, we were up 24% in international. And we had slight growth in North America. As we talked at the investor day, the way we look at digital commerce is really through kind of four lenses. First one is our own sites or ralphlauren.com, the second one is departmentstore.com, which is a significant channel, third are pure players, and then fourth is social commerce. So let me just give you a quick perspective on each one. So starting with our own site and think of this -- this is roughly half of our digital commerce business. Our own site, around the world, the growth was up slightly in Q1. And what we're particularly proud of is the acceleration in the North American site. Last year we reported significant declines throughout the entire year. We're still down Q1, but only down 2%. And we look forward to next quarter when we'll be able to, I think, to report actually growth on this site, which I think we've all been really hard for to achieve, so good progress there. We improved functionality and brand presentation on our U.S. site, and we will continue to drive that. As far as U.S. is concerned, I think you've heard in our prepared remarks, we upgraded our platform, basically replicating what we did in the U.S. a few months ago. And we're also quite hopeful that we'll see much stronger consumer engagement moving forward in Europe. So that's our own site. And as far as departmentstore.com is concerned and pure players, let me lump them together just to simplicity purposes. We actually grew double digits in Q1 across that channel. And obviously market share growth is very important for us, and we gained market share in our key categories across the key players. So that business is probably another -- the balance of the 50% that I talked about for our own site. And then finally we are ramping up on social commerce. It's still a negligible part of our business, but as we talked during investor day we believe this will become a significant part of digital commerce moving forward. We had our first real activity in China actually through the mini program we did on WeChat, which we focused specifically on our CP93 limited edition. So think of that as -- it's basically a digital popup store, and we saw very good consumer response there. So you're going to see us ramp up our activities on the social comments front as well. So that's kind of the perspective across the four channels. As we look out to the balance of the fiscal year we actually expect to accelerate our pace of growth in digital commerce and deliver high single-digit growth across the full-year with double-digit growth internationally. And then Jane, I guess on gross margin.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Good morning, Laurent. On gross margin, Q1 was strong. It was ahead of our expectations. We went into this quarter, June is a highly promotional quarter. And we were able to pull back on our promotion levels and discounts. That was the number one driver of our 120 basis point growth margin expansion. The other driver was some favorable product mix that we saw across the business. And so those were very encouraging. I think you saw it in our AUR increase of 8%, that it really was a strong quarter in terms of being driven by promotional pullback and quality of sales initiative. As I look forward to FY'19, we are expecting to be in about the 75 basis points of gross margin expansion. That will be driven -- continue to be driven by the pullback in promotions and discount levels. But there are two factors that we expect to become increasing pressures. One is increasing product costs. We expect that to become a headwind of about 30 basis points as we move through the quarter, it was about a 20 basis point benefit in Q1. And we continue to expect that FX switches from a tailwind to a headwind in the back half. FX was about 10 points of benefit in Q1, but should be a headwind by the time we get to Q4. So as I think about the cadence of gross margin as we move through the year I think it'll remain -- we were slightly out ahead in Q1. It should be about consistent in two and three with our guidance range. And then the most challenging quarter in terms of gross margin is Q4 when we face FX headwinds and some increased product cost pressure. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys. Good morning, and congrats on a nice quarter. Let me just ask you about AUR for a second. That continues to be up pretty nicely, you've mentioned it a few times. And that's even though you had some pretty meaningful off-price shipments added in the North America side, I guess, or at least a shifting of some of those shipments.
Jane Nielsen: Yes.
Michael Binetti: I know you mentioned June was a highly promotional quarter, so maybe that impact is less through the year. But how much of the AUR increase that we're seeing at this point, this late in the quality of sales game is from initial price points versus the ongoing reductions in promotionality or off price? And then if I could just add a second, maybe some context around that sequential acceleration in the North America wholesale business, it's not lost on us. You gave us a nice new table to look at by channel there. But that was, I think, about a 20 percentage point increase quarter-to-quarter. I know you had some timing shifts with off-price, but also we see some new distribution in places like Amazon and Urban Outfitters for the Chaps brand. So, maybe you could help us isolate a couple of the drivers or maybe just size a few of those drivers so we can understand that big acceleration?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, so why don't I start with AUR, and then we'll move on to sort of the wholesale timing and cadence. AUR progress was really broad-based, and really is an indication of the work that we're doing to improve both our promotional stance, but also the work that we're doing on merchandizing and product. As we're seeing the largest driver is still our pullback from promotion, but we are seeing benefit of assorting into higher price points. We saw that come through both in North America and the international business, in retail, and in our digital business. And so really across the board strong AUR growth, really a bit out ahead of where we expected the business to be, but we expect AUR growth is a part of our strategy, as I called out during investor day. And so we continue to expect that we'll see AUR expansion. But largely, Michael, to your point specifically it's mostly our quality of sales work. As we look at our overall wholesale business, we really have a dynamic going on here that in the first half of the year we, especially in this quarter, we moved some of our off-price shipments to out of Q4 last year, into Q1 and Q2 this year. And so that is that sum of the acceleration that you're seeing in overall wholesale, we think the underlying trend in our North America wholesale business is down mid single-digit. We, while we got some benefit from shipment timing the pressures still remain in terms of challenging traffic trends, some of our quality of sales work that we continue to do, some door closures and bond time, I expect that you'll start to see -- we'll call out the underlying trend. We expect our full-priced wholesale business will improve sequentially as we move through the year. Again, there's some choppiness that'll go on, but the underlying trend will improve. And then as you look in Europe there's some shipment timing going around. We expect that that businesses' underlying trend is up low to mid single-digit. And as we come into the second half you'll start to see those underlying trends normalize because we'll be through some of the shipment timing. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan Chase. You may ask your question.
Grace Smalley: Hi, good morning. This is Grace Smalley on for Matt Boss, thank you for taking my question. Just on the North America same-store sales, I think in brick-and-mortar trends may have decelerated very slightly relative to last quarter, even once you ship out the Easter shift. Is that fair? And if they were out can we think about what drove that? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Grace. Yes, that is correct. Our North America brick-and-mortar comp slowed from Q4. So down three reported, if you exclude the Easter impact it's actually basically flat versus last year. A couple dynamics, one if you look at actually the base period we were working against a much tougher comp. Q1 last year was down four, whereas Q4 was down 12. The second piece is we did see a shift in tourist business. While our tourists' sales were up 7% in Q4, they were flat in Q1. And we see that as being driven by some of the currency fluctuations that we have all observed. But what you can expect from this business is actually continued improvement on the overall comp trends. If you look at it over time, we are progressively strengthening from a comp standpoint, and that's generally what we expect for the balance of the fiscal year as our new product and new marketing activities kick in.
Jane Nielsen: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Balsky [ph] with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may ask your question.
Q  Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Jane Nielsen: Heather, good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I was hoping first, you guys seem pretty confident in ecommerce turning in the second quarter. Could you speak to quarter-to-date trends? And then with regards to Europe and the turnaround there, can you just elaborate a little bit on the changes you're making in terms of the merchandizing? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: So, listen, we can't give you quarter-to-date perspective. I can give you some perspective on what drove the improvement in Q1 in North America being a little more granular than the earlier question from Laurent. One, we stabilized the new platform, right. We launched the new platform last fall, during the holiday period. We had to work out some kinks as we worked the transition. We've now done the majority of that. Two, is we've really strengthened the functionality of the site. Being very consumer-centric, understanding what the consumer expects from the site. And so that ranges from delivery timings, to ratings and reviews, to 360 video on the product and so on which we know is resonating well with the consumer. Three, is the brand presentation as a whole is better, right. And we want this to be our global flagship. And we know we still have work to do to elevate the brand presentation, but we made progress in Q1. And obviously we've also lapped some significant discount rate reductions. And so we're getting to a more normalized situation. We will continue to improve our quality of sales on the site. There's still work to be done, but our AUR growth was healthy, I think it was 5%. Our discount rate is down 300 basis points, so we're also making progress on the quality of sales front. And so you can expect all that to continue. We are cautiously optimistic. We obviously need to execute. But I think a lot of the interventions we're making both from an operational and consumer-facing standpoint is resonating with the consumer.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Heather, I would just add that we also really encourage with the full price growth that we see on our e-commerce site and that was up 5% this quarter, which is -- they're encouraging.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. You may ask your question.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks, good morning. I guess I had a question on Europe. I would love to hear kind of what you're seeing broadly in that market in particular it sounds like you guys are still working through a few assortment challenges, so specific on that and then secondly as it relates to the broad promotional environment in Western Europe, have you seen any changes as you've moved through the middle of the year now? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, so what we're seeing in Europe on our side is the environment is a little bit more challenged. We saw some pressure in the foreign tourists sales overall in Europe. This quarter what we saw was that for interest activity was down about 15%. While we look at that relative to last year we're down about 6% that is a pressure overall in Europe as we look at our business specifically we have seen some challenge in our European outlet business. While we believe that foreign tourists are an impact there we also believe that our own assortment had gotten to basic. And that we need to get back into stock on seasonal newness and innovation newness that's part of our inventory build of this quarter and we expect in the second-half, that you'll start to see improved trends in our own business. We've done a lot of work this quarter and will continue to do a lot of work in quality of sales, so we step back from promotional levels. We do see that environment to be somewhat promotional as we move through this quarter.
Patrice Louvet: And I think as we're talking earlier if you look at the various channels, so you've covered that the factory outlet situation obviously on the .com side we are in the middle of implementing our new platform, so we see encouraging signs, work to do but encouraging signs so we expect that to actually accelerate and as far as wholesale is concern while as you mentioned generally are we did have timing impacts with Q1. The overall health of our wholesale business in Europe is actually good and the team is doing some really good work there, so our key opportunity and challenged to work on really is the quality of sales force that we're doing for factory. Erinn we missed, we didn't hear your second question or we didn't hear it clearly?
Erinn Murphy: Well, the second part was just on the promotional environment. I think Jane had that just kind of broadly it sounded like it would be picking up a little bit in the back half of the quarter but that was my second part of the question.
Patrice Louvet: Okay, thank you.
Evren Kopelman: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. You may ask your question.
Omar Saad: Thank you. Good morning nice to see the lot of the defense initiatives you guys putting in really playing out in terms of the margin in the AURs, wanted to ask maybe for an update on the product side, what you're excited about where you think you are in terms of getting the product where you want to be across different channels and the different sub brands and opportunities you're excited about on the product side coming up, I don't know if [indiscernible]. Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: In general, we are right where we expect it to be from a product evolutions standpoint. We're feeling good about number of categories. If you look at our results in this past quarter we actually saw growth both in men's and women's with the focus on Polo and across most of our apparel categories, so this is pretty broad-based in terms of improvements what we're seeing is our focus on icons is really paying off, so let's obviously job one for all of us continue to drive our icons. The second element is the renewal of our core is beginning to run to resonate with consumers a combination of both adding novelty, right things like embroidery things like printing is resonating well and also we freshen our fabrics pushing a greater focus on functionality again being consumer-centric and being clear on what the consumer is expecting from us, so stretching our C notes we mentioned that in our prepared remarks is resonating well with the consumer. Our denim products are actually also doing well. We had good momentum last fiscal year, we are building on that momentum this first quarter with mid single-digit growth or outerwear business, which is another focus category for us. It was a high single-digit, so where we focus and we are being really disciplined in terms of what we want to drive our activity on, we are seeing positive response from the consumer. To your question on brands where we are seeing the greatest progress at this point is Polo. But we are also seeing improvements on Lauren, so encouraged by that. So I say listen, the game plan is kind of on track but we know still have work to do and we are really focused on making sure we are bringing the vision to life and being true to who we are while connecting clearly with what the consumer expects from us across the markets, right? And Jane touched on this earlier. Some of our products, what's resonating maybe different in China than it is in wholesale North America and we are making sure we are adapting to the local needs and expectations of the consumers we are targeting.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Wallace with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Alex Wallace: Good morning. Thank you for the question. I wonder if you could help us with an update on your strategic initiatives in the U.S. market. In particular an update on the strategy and LA and now that you are few months into region refresh. And also the refresh of some of the department stores in the market, I was wondering if you've seen a material discrepancy between those stores, it could be refreshed and the control group. My second quarter was product cost, I just wanted to follow-up on a question from Smalley earlier. You gave us a hopeful color on the progression of the impact of product cost on a gross margin. I was just wondering if you could break that down a little bit in terms of the drivers of that, how much of that is in a proactive quality improvement, how much of it is commodity industry headwinds and so on? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Alex. I think Jane and I will talk to you on this one. As far as LA is concerned, so really elevating the entire LA ecosystem is really the strategy there. We started in May indeed, yeah it's very early there as far as, so I'm always cautious to draw any conclusions a weeks and but if you push me I would say early indicators are encouraging, we are seeing growth in LA market that's slightly ahead of what we are experiencing across the country. We are also seeing from a consumer standpoint that we are attracting a new younger consumer, so we are quite encouraged by those early signs. And then, we actually saw also an acceleration of our digital commerce business in the region. So the headline thought on this is so far so good. Frankly, I wouldn't take any of this to the bank yet, I think we are in very early stages of implementation but we are seeing encouraging signs including with our new small format store in Beverly Center as you know, as we look ahead we really want to expand our brick-and-mortar footprint through small format stores, more productive, more dynamic, more flexible, better connected and few weeks in to the opening of that store we are actually also seeing encouraging response from consumers. Then on the improvement of wholesale refreshers, so we are continuing to do that. We are continuing to see benefits from doing that. We have a great partnership with our lead wholesale partner who is focused on upgrading their top 50 doors and we are working really hand-in-hand with them on driving those top 50 doors, remember which actually are in the Los Angeles region. And I think we are also thinking to what's the next phase of upgrades as our partner looks to expand that program. So across the board continuing to drive that, seeing return on investment for those upgrades and getting a solid consumer response.
Jane Nielsen: And Alex, on product cost, let me pass it into to the two buckets of your questions, what we are seeing on our elevated product is that we are able to get both AIR and AUR increases to whole market as we elevate the product, so that's the good news, it challenges and I was pointing out are really centered in key input areas like polyester, cotton gown, some wage inflation as soon as some freight cost that are manifesting themselves as you competed, tight U.S. market trucking capacity. Now we are working with our suppliers to offset some of these costs to look how we work through air freight reductions to improve our freight cost. But that's really the center pressure points that we are seeing in overall product cost.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Rick Patel with Needham & Company. You may ask your question.
Rick Patel: Good morning everyone, and congrats on the progress early in the year.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks.
Rick Patel: I have a couple of follow-ups on Omar's product question. So the first one is you have five underpenetrated categories and it looks like you are making some pretty good progress with outerwear and denim. As we think about the other three categories ready-to-wear, footwear, accessories, do you expect to see an acceleration at some point in fiscal '19, or is that going to be an out year event? And then, my second question is really around some of these product drops. They've obviously been very successful and they draw a lot of interest in the brand. As we think about the future, can these ever become big enough to be growth drivers on their own with the right inventory investment and how frequently can you recycle some of your more successful ones like Snow Beach without hurting the brand appeal?
Patrice Louvet: Great questions, Rick. So as far as the underdeveloped categories are concerned, we have good momentum on denim and outerwear, and actually Wear To Work, I didn't mention that; we are off to a nice start on Wear To Work both on men and women with much more to come, and yes, some of it will impact this fiscal year on Wear To Work. On the footwear and accessories piece, that one as we talked during Investor Day, it's going to be a slower burn, because we got work to do on building our capabilities and making sure we have right design capabilities, right merchandizing capabilities, right sourcing plan and obviously we are great teams in place doing that work now. So I don't know that you will see a lot -- a significant impact in fiscal year '19. Obviously, we are driving all five, but I think well you'll see the strongest progress is going to be denim, outerwear, and Wear to Work. As far as the drops are concerned, yes, they had worked really well for us. So we are excited about that. We are very -- I'm going to address your second point first; we are very careful on frequency, right, because the risk is you exhaust the consumer and then it loses all its interest and excitement. So we think we have the right pace, we have some exciting things coming in the fall, so that we will be announcing in I guess a couple of months, so we will be keeping that frequency, we will not accelerate it. And then, we are also thinking how do we expand to our woman's business because most of our drops are actually -- all of our drops so far have been focused on men and women deserve special drops too, although it will probably be a different, different approach to it. As far as size, I would not expect these to be big enough to drive the overall numbers from a pure sales standpoint, right, these are marketing activities first and foremost. Similar to what we do with the Olympics is not about driving sales of that specific capsule, it's about leveraging this capsule to tell the brand story, to bring Ralph's vision to life in a new fresh way. And that's how we view this. So we like the sales performance, we are obviously excited when things sellout within hours of days, but the fundamental objective is part of our storytelling for the brand and to really make sure that we are bringing newness and freshness in a different perspective on the overall brand.
Evren Kopelman: All right, we will take one final question.
Operator: The last question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning everyone. Let me have my congrats; Jane just two quick ones for you on Europe, we know about the European website re-platforming and it sounds like it should be a little bit of a headwind in the near term, could you help us how to think about European e-comp comps in the second quarter, it sounds like this should be negative but just kind of want to understand that a little better. And then, you mention the tourism was down 15% in Europe this quarter. I'm just curious how that compares to what you saw three months ago.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, so why don't I start with the expectations for Europe e-commerce, I do expect that e-commerce will be down sort of mid single-digit in the second quarter. And then, I expect in the second-half to be back to growth and it's really from what we are seeing from transition as we look at some of the redirects and affiliates and email setup that those will have sort of a compressive pressure in the second quarter. What we were seeing in foreign tourist sales sort of in the -- in Europe specifically in the fourth quarter was about down 20 and that was worst than we saw in the Q4 '17 and so we are looking at this down 20, down 15. The Euro did the pressure from I think foreign currency lightened a bit as we moved into the first quarter and foreign tourists tend to drag a bit as they don't follow currency trends precisely, but over time. So not unexpected, but a little bit of abatement from pressure in Europe as we as moved into the first quarter.
Ike Boruchow: Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Good. Thank you. Well, listen, thanks to all of you for joining the call. As I think you can tell Ralph and I and Jane and the whole team are encouraged by the progress we are making as we implement our new strategic framework. And so now everyone is laser-focused on bringing up to life around the world, so we can get consumers excited about our brand across channels. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Ralph Lauren first quarter fiscal 2019 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-05-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Vice President of Investor Relations Patrice Louvet - President and Chief Executive Officer Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Binetti - Credit Suisse Brian Tunick - RBC Capital Markets Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities Rick Patel - Needham & Co. Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Eric Tracy - Buckingham Research Simeon Siegel - Nomura Securities John Kernan - Cowen and Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman: Thank you for joining Ralph Lauren fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2018 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the companys President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this mornings earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Evren. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining todays call. Were pleased to report fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2018 results that delivered on our commitments. Revenue was ahead of our expectations, driven by a solid fourth quarter and operating margin was at the high-end of our plan for both the quarter and the year. Were on a journey to establish a healthy foundation to get the company back to sustainable long-term growth and value creation. In fiscal 2018, we made strong progress on this journey, as we executed on our key strategic initiatives and closed the year with a clear game plan, a strong balance sheet and an engaged team focused on executing with excellence. We look forward to sharing our long-term growth and value-creation strategy and financial outlook at our Investor Day on June 7. Before we review our recent progress, Ralph and I would like to welcome our new Board members: Mike George, who joined the Board last week; and Angela Ahrendts, who has agreed to join us in August. Were excited about the new capabilities and experiences they will each bring to our Board. Angela needs little introduction. From her time successfully leading Burberry as CEO to the work she is doing transforming Apples retail arm, she will bring invaluable perspective and experience to bear as we move through our own transformation. Mike, who is CEO of Qurate, the parent company of QVC, HSN, zulily and others, brings deep experience in driving growth and value creation through very unique and evolving retail channels globally. Now let me take you through the progress weve made in fiscal 2018 across our four key initiatives, which include: first, elevating our brand by improving quality of sales, distribution and product; second, evolving our product, marketing and shopping experience to increase our reach and appeal with new consumers; third, expanding our digital and international presence; and fourth, working in new ways to drive productivity and agility. I will focus most of my commentary on full-year fiscal 2018 results and Jane will cover more of the fourth quarter performance. So starting with the first initiative, elevating our brand by improving quality of sales, distribution and product. In fiscal 2018, we drove growth in our average unit retail through discount rate reductions and sales mix. AUR was up 4% across our direct-to-consumer network with growth in every quarter and in every region. We improved the quality of our distribution by continuing to close lower productivity and off-equity doors in both retail and wholesale. In fiscal 2018, we closed approximately 25% of our U.S. department store points of distribution and 31 directly operated retail stores. While these closures are largely complete, we will continue to progressively reduce our penetration in the off-price channel. However, the negative impacts from the off-price reduction to our sales performance will not be as significant going forward as it was in fiscal 2018. At the same time, were expanding our store network, especially in international markets, where we are underpenetrated with new small-format stores that are highly productive. Combined, these actions are repositioning our overall store base to deliver high-quality future sales growth. All of these actions led to strong adjusted gross margin improvement of 290 basis points for the year with solid increases every quarter. Moving on to our second key initiative, evolving our product, marketing and shopping experience to increase our reach and appeal with new consumers. In each of these areas, were focused on combining Ralphs and our creative teams iconic brand vision with deep insight and understanding of consumers around the world. Starting with products. We continue to drive assortment discipline with improvements in the clarity of our product message and SKU productivity. For fiscal 2018, revenue per SKU increased 16% and gross profit per SKU was up 22% to last year. Our spring season-to-date performance continued the improvement in trends we experienced during fall and holiday. We saw product successes in our core items, where we brought newness and excitement through the addition of novelty, like embroidery and printing, as well as refreshed fabrics and increased functionality. Polo led our brand sales performance. Our best sellers included a modernized version of our mens Polo sweatshirt featuring a technology-infused double-knit fabric. We also had good sell-through with our updated take on our Classic Oxford shirt with a garment died fabrication, representing a fresh interpretation. Outerwear was another positive area, where lighter weight and functional fabrics in both casual weekend and Wear To Work styles drove growth. In addition, our new read and react graphic T-shirt program was effective with a quick turnaround from consumer test to shop floor. In womens Polo, details like souvenir embroidery on our iconic military jacket added interest. And in Lauren, our sweater jackets, where we added multiple silhouettes and button options, were bestsellers. We also built on our limited edition successes in the fourth quarter with the launch of our Snow Beach collection in January, which draws on our deep and authentic heritage. The original Snow Beach collection was introduced in 1993, and many pieces became iconic collectors items. Similar to our successful Stadium launch last September, Snow Beach sold out within hours and helped to drive excitement around our brand. Lastly, in product, we also continued to make progress on building out underdeveloped categories that have significant growth potential across our brands. Last quarter, we talked about denim as one of these categories, where our consumer research showed that we have a clear basis to win. Our sales in denim were up 9% for the year and 13% for the fourth quarter, driven by updated fits, washes and lighter-weight fabrications. So, as you can see, were making encouraging progress across multiple fronts on product and were pleased with the improving consumer response that we are seeing. Moving on to marketing. In fiscal 2018, we significantly increased our marketing investment in campaigns and assets with strong potential to better align our spend with the industry norm. Marketing spend was up 10% for the full fiscal year to $241 million. This growth was driven by increases in digital and social media, as we shift marketing investment to the channels that matter most to our consumers today. One of the key elements of our marketing strategy is adopting a more consumer-centric approach. We recently completed a major global consumer research study that provided important insights that well share with you at Investor Day in a couple of weeks. These learnings will enable us to be much more precise about how we engage specific consumer groups in order to make our marketing investments more effective and efficient. We had several major marketing events in the fourth quarter that drove significant consumer engagements for the brand. Starting with our sponsorship of the Winter Olympics. We generated 6 billion media impressions from extensive social media presence with key American athletes and outfitting the U.S. Olympic Team with the high-tech heated jacket. Our February fashion show was a successful media event with 3.2 million global live views. We built anticipation and amplification on social with 3.3 billion global media impressions. The Snow Beach limited edition in January successfully leveraged social media through a robust campaign on Instagram and key influencers such as Chance the Rapper and Zayn. And lastly, our spring Polo campaign featuring our iconic white Polo shirt was integrated across various touchpoints, from Instagram, Facebook and Snapchat to ralphlauren.com and our stores. Well be able to share more perspective on this campaign on our next earnings call. We also continued to build our influencer and celebrity coverage, spanning various parts of culture from artists to movie stars to athletes. Awards season dressing included Shailene Woodley at the Golden Globes, Emma Watson and Eiza Gonzales at the Academy Awards, Jay-Z at the Grammy Awards Pre-Party and Mandy Moore and Yara Shahidi at the Screen Actors Guild Awards. In sports, Polo ambassador and current number 1 golfer in the world, Justin Thomas, and Olympic athletes, including the Shibutani siblings represented our brand in the athletic arena. Internationally, we continued to partner with celebrities and other key social media influencers, including Gloria Tang and Wenwen Han in China, Jessica Jung in Korea and Akira in Japan in the fourth quarter. This diverse group of influencers represents different aspects of our brand and engages different consumer segments. Finally, in terms of upgrading our shopping experience, both in stores and online, we invested in our store environments around the world. For example, in North America, we refreshed over 80 of our top department store shops in fiscal 2018 through improved fixturing, lightning, visual merchandising, product presentation and layout. The new environment is updated with a fresh, lighter aesthetic with improved product presentation focused on our core items, as well as growth categories like denim. The refreshed shops also enable easier navigation for consumers and provide a more coherent brand experience. This has driven improved sales and margin versus control doors and pretest trends. We plan to accelerate and broaden these activities in fiscal 2019 across all channels globally. Moving on to our third key initiative, expanding our digital and international presence. On the last two earnings calls, I spoke in detail about our growth opportunity in Asia, specifically in China, as well our expansion in digital commerce. Let me give you an update on both of those areas. China had a great year in fiscal 2018, posting 25% sales growth on the mainland. Our new small format stores, a key component of our omni-channel growth strategy in the region are performing well. We ended the year with 111 directly operated stores and concessions in Greater China, representing a net increase of 28 versus prior year. This is complemented by our strong digital expansion in China on Tmall, JD.com and WeChat. We remain on track to reach our goal of $0.5 billion of revenue in five years in Greater China, especially as we continue to raise our brand awareness and perception. Moving on to digital, which is a critical piece of our global growth strategy. In fiscal 2018, our global digital ecosystem sales were approximately $1 billion at retail value, including both our partners and our directly operated businesses. In fiscal 2019 and beyond, we expect our digital growth to accelerate as the major pullback in our directly operated North America e-commerce business is largely complete. Were improving our sites functionality and increasing marketing to return to revenue growth in this important channel. In the first quarter, we will be upgrading the technology platform for our directly operated European e-commerce business, similar to what we implemented in North America last fall. We expect this transition will significantly improve the shopping experience on our site with enhanced functionality, including better search, navigation and checkout process. Our digital wholesale business continues to grow. In fiscal 2018, we drove market share gains in this channel at our key retailers and in our key categories. We are collaborating closely with our key partners on targeted product and marketing initiatives on both department store websites and pure play customers. As an example, our collaboration with ASOS in Europe with the different ways to wear the polo shirt campaign was highly effective, as we tailored the message specifically for the consumer on that platform. Finally, let me touch on our fourth key initiative, working in new ways to drive productivity and agility. In fiscal 2018, we made significant progress across many areas. Let me start with our major end-to-end initiative, designed to drive productivity across the business, including inventory efficiencies and faster lead times. Our work in this area has resulted in a 30% reduction in inventory over the past couple of years and we achieved our goal of having 90% of our products on a nine-month lead time at the end of fiscal 2018. This is enabling us to make product decisions much closer to consumer demand. We plan to drive further improvements in fiscal 2019 towards six-month and three-month lead times for a certain portion of our products. Well talk about that and more of our important initiatives in this area at our upcoming Investor Day. So in closing, over the last fiscal year, we have made strong progress as we continue to execute our key initiatives to position the company to get back to sustainable long-term growth and value creation. Ralph and I are proud of the work our teams around the world have done this year. Were encouraged by the way our teams are coming together to focus on the consumer, prioritize what matters most and move with urgency to get us back to winning. I look forward to discussing our more detailed strategic plan with you in a couple of weeks. With that, Ill turn it over to Jane, and Ill join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter and full-year results were ahead of our expectations and showed continued progress on resetting the business to a healthier base. Our four key initiatives are delivering higher AURs, lower discounts, expanded gross margins, higher inventory turns and significant growth in free cash flow. Fourth quarter revenues declined 2% on a reported basis and 7% in constant currency. This was above our guidance, driven largely by a strong Easter holiday in retail. With the holiday momentum, we returned to comp growth in North American stores. During this quarter and throughout this fiscal year, our teams have focused on strengthening the brand and driving strong execution. Im so proud of the progress weve made and the work they continue to do. In the quarter, we saw higher sell-throughs on spring and improved product profitability, notably in our Polo brand. Adjusted gross margin expanded 440 basis points in the fourth quarter and 350 basis points in constant currency, benefiting from the reduced discount rates and favorable geographic and channel mix. Lower product costs and product mix also provided a tailwind to gross margin in the fourth quarter. While quality of sales initiatives will continue to drive overall gross margin expansion in fiscal 2019, product cost will become more challenging in the coming year. Adjusted operating margin in the fourth quarter was 5.6%, down 110 basis points to last year on a reported basis and down 240 basis points in constant currency, at the top-end of our guidance. In the fourth quarter, we stepped up our marketing significantly off a low base last year. Planned investment in marketing was up more than 50% in the fourth quarter and up 10% for the year and contributed to the improvement we saw in our sales trend. Moving forward, our goal is to progressively increase marketing investment to accelerate our top line growth. However, our objective is to fund the majority of the increases through productivity gains to achieve operating margin expansion. Moving on to our segment performance. Starting with North America, revenue was down 14% in the fourth quarter and comps were flat in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin was flat to last year as gross margin improvement was offset by increased marketing investment. Importantly, all channels contributed to gross margin improvements in the fourth quarter. Let me review the North America results across channels, first, our stores; second, our directly operated e-commerce business; and third, our wholesale business. Our stores were a highlight with a 6% positive comp in the quarter, driven by improved AUR and traffic trends ahead of our expectations. The earlier timing of Easter contributed 3.5 points to North America comp in the fourth quarter and 1.5 points to total company global comp. Our retail improvements demonstrate some of the progress we have made across product, marketing and operational initiatives, such as monthly product newness and timing of floor sets that were better aligned with customers wear now shopping preferences. At a more macro level, we also saw growth in foreign tourist sales in the fourth quarter, following 15 consecutive quarters of declines. E-commerce comps in North America were down 18% in the fourth quarter in line with our expectations. E-commerce results continue to be pressured by our deliberate quality of sales initiatives, including significant reductions and deep markdowns. This quarter, we continued the work to lower discount rates and promotion frequency. Additionally, new arrivals and most of our iconic items were excluded from promotions. We expect to return to growth in North America e-commerce in fiscal 2019. This will be driven by three factors. First, the significant pullback in deep markdown sales is substantially complete and fiscal 2019 quality of sales efforts will be more moderated. Second, we are elevating our assortment and adding conversion-driving functionality to the site, such as customer reviews and live chat, all accompanied by better story-telling and creative. Third, in fiscal 2018, full price sales, which were not impacted by our promotional pull back, were up 3% with continued strengthening in the fourth quarter. This momentum gives us confidence that we can return to growth as the impact of the pullback diminishes. Moving on to North America wholesale. The fourth quarter revenue decline of 22% reflects strategic actions, timing shifts and negative, but improving sellout. Two-thirds of the decline is a continuation of our quality of sales initiatives, reductions at Bon-Ton and off-price timing shifts. Similar to prior quarters, closures of lower productivity points-of-sale in department stores, brand exits and reduced discounts negatively impacted revenue. Reduced shipments to Bon-Ton stores of approximately $10 million versus last year also created pressure. Finally, a shift in timing of off-price shipments negatively impacted the trend. Off-price revenue was down 29% in the fourth quarter versus an 18% decline in the third quarter. Some Q4 shipments that typically occur late in the quarter shifted into Q1. The remaining one-third was related to our underlying trends. While we are seeing improvements in our apparel categories, some of our progress was offset by weakness in non-apparel categories. As you know, our wholesale shipments reflect department store orders from almost a year ago. These orders followed a challenging spring 2017 collection sell-out that was down mid-teens. Since that time, sell-out has shown an improved trajectory. The fall holiday season was down low double digits and our current sell-out trend at department stores is down mid single digits. Clearly, we still have work to do, but the improved sell-out trends should be reflected in our orders and then on our P&L over the next several quarters. Looking out to fiscal 2019, we expect to see an improvement in our North America wholesale trend. While we expect revenue to decline, it should be at a smaller magnitude than in fiscal 2018. Some of the dynamics we see at play as we enter FY 2019 are, on a positive side, continued sell-out trend improvement, which will increasingly have the benefit of the refresh of our wholesale shop environments and evolved product and marketing; and growth in our digital wholesale business, which now represents a mid to high teens percent of our total wholesale revenue. While some pressures from FY 2018 remained, we expect them to lessen in magnitude. In off-price, we will continue to reduce shipments, but at a more moderate rate, as we restore balance to the channel as a vehicle for excess sales. The impact from our FY 2018 point-of-sale to closures will lessen as we anniversary those closures in FY 2019. Finally, the Bon-Ton bankruptcy, which represents about $25 million in fiscal 2018, represents about a 1.5 point of headwind to North America wholesale growth in fiscal 2019. In this channel, our focus remains to build high-quality growth with our partners in the North America wholesale channel. Moving on to Europe. Revenue increased 13% on a reported basis and declined 1% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. Adjusted operating margins were up 20 basis points, but were down 220 basis points in constant currency as gross margin improvements were offset by increased marketing investments. Wholesale revenue in Europe increased 1% in constant currency in the fourth quarter in line with the underlying trend of the business. Digital wholesale in Europe continued to post double-digit growth and expand market share. In the retail channel, European comps were down 6% in constant currency, with growth in e-commerce more than offset by declines in our stores. Comps in Europe continue to be pressured by our ongoing quality of sales initiatives, assortment and inventory challenges in outlet and challenging traffic, notably in some of our outlet stores. We are implementing a number of changes in our product assortments and promotion structures to improve the traffic and conversion trends in our European stores. We expect these initiatives will start impacting the business in the second-half of fiscal 2019. Also, as Patrice mentioned, we will be upgrading the technology platform for our digitally-operated European e-commerce business at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and we expect this transition will negatively impact second quarter e-commerce comps in Europe. We will manage these impacts carefully to minimize disruption, similar to what we did in North America when we transitioned last fall. Despite challenging trends in our brick-and-mortar stores, progress in our KPIs continued. In the fourth quarter in Europe, average unit retails were up 3%, discount rates were down and gross margin was up 270 basis points on a reported basis and 40 basis points in constant currency. Turning to Asia. Revenue was up 17% on a reported basis and 11% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. We saw strong performance across every market in Asia, including 6% growth in Japan, 34% growth in mainland China and 22% growth in Greater China, all in constant currency. Our product and marketing initiatives are resonating well in the region and we are continuing to increase our digital efforts and engagement with local influencers and celebrities. Comps in Asia increased 4% in constant currency in the fourth quarter, continuing the positive comp trend from the first three quarters of the year. We expect further comp growth in Asia as we continue to upgrade our distribution network and marketing initiatives to amplify and elevate the brand. We also continued to drive quality of sales in Asia. In the fourth quarter, average unit retails were up 3%, discount rates were down and gross margin was up significantly. Adjusted operating margin was up 210 basis points to last year in the fourth quarter in Asia and up 80 basis points in constant currency, driven by gross margin improvement. With our quality of sales actions largely completed in Asia, we expect more modest operating margin expansion going forward, as we focus on driving top line growth and leveraging our investments. Turning to our store fleet. We continue to improve our retail network through the closure of underperforming locations and opening new stores with improved adjacencies. For the full-year, we opened 37 standalone stores and 77 concessions. We closed 31 standalone stores and 65 concessions, ending the year with 472 standalone stores and 632 concessions on a global basis. Moving on to the balance sheet. In this quarter and throughout this year, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet, reflecting the operational progress we are making. We ended the year with $2.1 billion in cash and investments, up from $1.4 billion at the end of last year. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $596 million, compared with $588 million last year. Inventory declined 7% in constant currency and 4% on a reported basis to $761 million at the end of the fiscal year. We will continue to focus on inventory productivity and matching inventory flows with demand. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 were $162 million, below our original plan, as we shifted certain capital investments from fiscal 2018 into 2019. We generated $814 million of free cash flow for the year, up from $669 million in the prior year period. Now Id like to turn to guidance for the full-year and first quarter of fiscal 2019. We will provide our long-term financial outlook, including our capital allocation strategy at our Investor Day on June 7. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges. For the full fiscal year 2019, we expect revenues to be down low single digits in constant currency, representing a sequential improvement in our journey to return to growth. Foreign currency is expected to have minimal impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2019. We expect growth in our international business to be offset by a decline in North America, reflecting the timing of the Easter holidays, which will negatively impact both the first quarter and the fourth quarter, as well as the North America wholesale dynamics I outlined earlier. We expect operating margin for fiscal 2019 to be up slightly in constant currency. This will be driven by an estimated 50 to 75 basis points of gross margin expansion, as we continue to reduce promotions and shift towards higher-margin channels and regions. Foreign currency is expected to have a minimal impact on operating margin in fiscal 2019. This guidance reflects a balance between continued quality of sales initiatives to elevate the brand and investments in products, marketing and store concepts that demonstrate high potential for growth and returns. For the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenue to be flat to down slightly in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to benefit revenue growth by approximately 150 to 200 basis points in the quarter. We expect global comp store sales in the first quarter to be negatively impacted by approximately 1.5 points, while North America comps to be negatively impacted by roughly 3 points from the timing of Easter, which favorably impacted the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. We expect gross margin to expand 50 to 75 basis points in the first quarter in line with our expectations for full-year fiscal 2019. Operating margin for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 is expected to be up slightly in constant currency. Foreign currency is estimated to benefit operating margin by 20 to 40 basis points in the quarter. We expect capital expenditures of approximately $275 million in fiscal 2019, focused on consumer-facing initiatives that have demonstrated a proof-of-concept and healthy rates of return, including stores, digital and marketing. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 to be approximately 22%, below our fiscal 2018 adjusted rate of 24%, primarily due to the lower U.S. federal income tax rate as a result of tax reform. First quarter of fiscal 2019 tax rate is estimated at approximately 18%. In closing, we continue to make strong progress in building the right foundation to grow our business. Ralphs enduring vision inspires our teams around the world and they are delivering on operational efficiencies and building our growth initiatives. We are seeing early signs of momentum. As one team, we are focused on delivering quality, sustainable growth and value creation for the long term. With that, lets open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] One moment please for the first question. Our first question comes from Michael Binetti from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys, thanks very much for taking our question. Congrats on  I know you guys have been working hard on this.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Binetti: Yes, thanks. So can I just ask  in fiscal 2019, a lot of puts and takes there and, Jane, thanks for all the detail. Do you expect the revenue trend to improve as the year progresses, if we exclude a bunch of calendar shifts you pointed out, some puts and takes like Bon-Ton and the off-price reduction? And if I can just ask one follow-up in a bigger picture, Jane, you went through a lot of the distribution, you pulled back a really big amount. You hinted that sell-through is starting to improve. But on your last call, I think, you made a hint that your retailers are starting to see the margins on Ralph Lauren product improve on a year-over-year basis. Im guessing thats the first increase in years. Are you starting to see green shoots on the order book in any of the meaningful accounts at this point? Are they starting to increase orders, or is it better to characterize retail partners as still digesting a lot of the big changes over the last few years and you need to check a few boxes yet before we start new growth?
Patrice Louvet: All right. Good morning, Michael. So Ill take the first part of your question and then Jane will cover your  the second part.
Michael Binetti: Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Short answer is yes. We expect to see an improvement in our underlying business trend as we move through fiscal year 2019. However, on the face of the reported numbers, youre not going to really see a smooth sequential quarterly flow. And there are really three reasons that are going to make the quarterly flow a little choppy, if I can use that terminology. First one is the cadence of our wholesale shipments, right? Our strategic reduction in our off-price shipment this year are going to be more concentrated in the second-half of the fiscal year, so thats going to obviously pressure revenue in the back-half. And in addition, Q1 is actually benefiting from a shift in European wholesale as we normalize our shipment cadence after adjustments we made last year in that region. So thats the first one. The second one is the timing of Easter that we referred to in our remarks, right? The fourth quarter and the first quarter of fiscal 2019 are going to be negatively impacted by this Easter shift. And then the final one is foreign currency. So based on what we can assume today, we assume that FX will have a bigger benefit to reported revenue in the front-half of the fiscal year. Yes, but if you exclude the impact of the Easter shift, our strategic off-price reductions, you will see a meaningful improvement in our underlying business trends as we go through the year.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Michael, just on the second part of your question, I have two reasons to believe that our wholesale results are going to improve. One you called out is improved sell-out trends. So if I look a year ago to spring 2017, our sell-out was down mid-teens. As we move through holidays, we saw low double digits. And now in  our current sell-out is down in the mid-single-digit range, so strong progress there. Our overall full  natural margins at wholesalers have progressed to increase quarter-by-quarter, so we made great progress this year. On retailer profitability, as you can see, our profitability, as was reflected in the segment, has also improved, so its been a win-win situation. And based on those sell-outs, the order books are going to be stronger as we move into 2019. So it takes a while, especially in wholesale, because youve got to earn your way through. But I think, theyre seeing the sell-out improvements. Weve gotten good feedback on the showrooms that were showing. And importantly, were both winning with following  coming out of our reset.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada.
Brian Tunick: Great. Thanks, and I will add my congrats as well on the progress.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Brian.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you.
Brian Tunick: I guess, my question may be for Jane. The gross margins here, I believe at an all-time high for the company. So maybe can you share with us, Jane or Patrice, your views on maybe where AURs can go from here as it seems like the worst of the inventory rationalization is behind us? And then maybe, Jane, give us some comfort on where our gross margins may be between different channels or geographies. As those grow faster, how do those differ versus the maybe North America business, so we can think about gross margins expanding even more? Thank you very much.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Let me try to take your question in pieces. First, on AUR. So where do I see AURs going? AURs are going to go higher and thats based on a number of dynamics, product elevation that weve been working through this year and continue to work on, differentiated assortments by channels that allow for pricing harmonization and for us to provide value in different channels, as well as price harmony. We are assorting into higher price points, notably in international. The international consumer has a very strong view of the Ralph Lauren brand and were going to take that opportunity to assort into higher price points. As we mix into international markets where our AURs are higher, notably in Asia, you will see some benefit also to the AUR as we get that mix. And of course, thats all balanced on a foundation of less promotions and less discounting as we move through the year. So thats the expectation that I see on AURs. As I look  step back from gross margin  to gross margins, we do see gross margins expansion into the coming year. And thats driven largely on the back of what I just talked about higher AURs, less discounts and less promotions. Thats been, as you look across these four quarters, the largest driver of our gross margin progression and that will continue to be the driver as we move forward. There is a benefit, as we  as I mentioned, as we move into international. That benefit on the gross margin line because of the higher AURs and the higher gross margins in international will be a net benefit as we move into next year. As you look between wholesale and retail globally, we have  we are at the highest retail gross margin as a company that weve seen. But we believe we have progress to move further, especially as we build out these smaller-format doors that carry a nice  very nice gross margins across Asia, but across all of our markets, so thats a net benefit. And then wholesale, we made a lot of good progress and were at our highest total wholesale gross margins that weve been at in five years. But with the progress were making with assortment and differentiated assortment and the pullback in off-price, we see more room there as well. I think that we are comfortable that gross margin will expand, not at the pace that youve seen it in this last year, but as a durable benefit as we move forward.
Evren Kopelman: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my congrats.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Ike.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Ike.
Ike Boruchow: I guess  so I guess, Jane, I wanted to dig into the North America e-comm channel a little bit. It sounds like you expect North America e-comm, if I heard right, to grow next fiscal year. I guess, my question is should that growth begin immediately starting in Q1? Is that more of a 2H inflection? And then just a quick follow-up to that, now that youve kind of rebased that channel, can you just remind us what percent of sales, I think you used to say, were on discount, I think it was 78% like two years ago, where that got down to today, now that you feel its kind of rebased, just out of curiosity.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So first of all, on digital, and Im sure youre tired of hearing me say this, were going to make, like all things, nothing happens when you turn the page of a calendar or a fiscal year. But we are going to make sequential progress on our digital business and were encouraged by the early signs that were seeing on digital. So its not a flip, but it will be a sequential progress story as we look into FY 2019. And where were really pleased in our digital business in terms of the amount of products sold on promotion is that, overall, what weve done is, wed really pull down the highest markdowns of 50% off or greater. Weve seen that penetrate far less in our assortment and weve seen full price selling, most importantly, that wasnt affected by any promotion be up 3% this year and move strongly through the year. So that we ended the fourth quarter with full price selling up over double digits.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Rick Patel with Needham & Co.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good morning, and congrats on the progress. Theres a lot of moving parts here, so good execution.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Rick Patel: You had a nice return to positive comps in North America stores. Im hoping you can give us a little more detail in terms of products and categories where you had the strongest performance, and your thoughts on the sustainability of that positive momentum in the New Year? And if I tie that into your comment about sequential improvement in e-commerce, should we expect to see retail comps turn positive this year?
Patrice Louvet: Lets tag team, Jane and I, on this one. First, looking at the progress that drove  the drivers behind the progress in our comp. Its really the game plan that weve laid out starting to deliver. So the elevation of the brand that we are doing through product, through quality of sales. And then as you look at the work were doing on marketing and on specific product categories, whether thats denim, you heard earlier examples of outerwear in our prepared remarks, the combination of those high-growth categories and our stronger penetration of those has been key drivers behind the improvement of the comp performance that were seeing. And we expect to continue the effort, both in terms of elevating the brand and evolving the product and the marketing. I also  although its very hard to trace it to every  to a single activity, I think, the shift that were making from a marketing standpoint towards more digital, towards more social and the numbers really continue to bear this out is having an impact on traffic, is having an impact on the brand perception, and this is therefore, driving this improvement that were seeing.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Rick, as I look at the components, really the two drivers of North America comp were strong AUR growth, which youd expect given our quality of sales initiatives and improved traffic trends across all our channels. Now what we are seeing in contrast to Europe is, we saw a meaningful pickup in foreign tourist traffic. So it was up 7% this quarter and it was down about 7% last quarter. So a meaningful shift in traffic. We try to be clear, this was a holiday quarter. So, in North America, about 3.5 points with a benefit to North America comp, comp positive despite the holidays, so thats very encouraging. It will sit on Q1 and the holiday will sit on Q4. But as we move forward, we expect to be sort of flat to down low single digits comp in FY 2019.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Hey, thanks, Its great to see the continued progress, congrats on that.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Omar.
Omar Saad: Can you talk about  your inventory levels, quality of sales initiatives obviously have been having an impact on the P&L. Can you talk a little bit more about how you are managing inventory differently as more of your business has moved online across channels? Are you being able to develop kind of internal tech, IT systems that allow you to do more with less on the inventory side? Is that something we should think about as a medium and longer-term driver as well, or was it really just a matter of planning the right amount of inventory, reducing the promotions, and weve kind of done most of the work around inventory already? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Omar. So I guess, a couple of things on this one. One, there is just continued good old basic discipline that we will  we have in place that were going to continue to drive to make sure that we are as efficient as possible. During Investor Day, which Im sure youll attend, well give you some more perspective on some of the shifts were making in terms of managing inventory, particularly across channels, where it was historically been relatively siloed in the way weve managed inventory. And I think weve got some exciting projects to leverage that more smartly across channels. So youll see us continue to make progress on this area.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, and well talk about it more at Investor Day. I would say that the work that our supply chain leader, Halide Alagz and Valrie Hermann, have done to have a very strong and integrated planning process from sketch to shelf has been a huge benefit to our inventory management. Good old-fashioned SKU cutting that were of unproductive SKUs was also a benefit and now were evolving more into differentiated SKUs to support our overall AURs. And we are using technology like our RFID technology in the factory store, as well as shared inventory across channel to improve our inventory work. I would expect longer-term that our objective is to have the improved turns more moderately than we have with the inventory reset that we did to return to improved turns. But really, youll see inventory match our sales outlook.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Robert Drbul: Hi, good morning. I just had a question on the North American wholesale business where you talked about refreshing 80 of the top department stores. Can you talk about the performance of those 80? Are there more that you are doing? And are you recapturing any square footage space in any of those top department stores? Can you give us an update on that? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So lets break down the different elements here. The first 80, were really focusing on improving the environment, right? Some of these doors have not been touched for many, many years, some more than a decade. So its about creating a more inviting, more engaging, more modern environment for consumers. This ranges from the lighting, ranges from fixturing that we have and also allocating the product categories in a way that really is more consistent with the way the consumers approach our business and want to shop us. We have seen strong lifts beyond, I mean, in these 80 doors relative to pretest period or  and/or benchmark doors. So view this as just the beginning for us, right? Ultimately, our goal over the next few years is really to impact the vast majority of our presence. So we will continue to do that and not just in wholesale, but really, our approach is to make sure were transforming the shopping experience across every single channel that is relevant for a consumer target. And so thats true online, thats true in our own stores, thats true in our factory stores and that also continues in wholesale, both in North America and globally. As far as  second part of the question was?
Jane Nielsen: Can you remind us, Bob, the second part?
Robert Drbul: Just around like the square footage
Patrice Louvet: There is more space. Square footage
Robert Drbul: Yes.
Patrice Louvet: So thats  honestly, thats not the focus for us at this point. We want to be a lot more efficient with the space that we have. And so this is really about productivity per square foot as opposed to just adding more space. What were finding actually, in some areas, we potentially have excess space relative to what we need to present the brand appropriately. So were really focusing on the productivity of the space we have and making that work much harder for us. And were actually seeing significant benefits, both in wholesale and in the stores that weve renovated behind that approach.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Bob, I would just add that one of the benefits of that were seeing in wholesale channel following the closure of the unproductive point-of-sales, as well as refurbishments that we are seeing our GMROI and our sales per square foot in wholesale increase nicely even in the face of overall shipment declines. So the GMROI of our strategy is working for us and its working for our retailers. And in some cases, the resets actually have gone through a period of pullback, it helps you stake your claim to the space that you want and assort it more productively and thats certainly what were doing.
Evren Kopelman: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Eric Tracy with Buckingham Research.
Eric Tracy: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and Ill add my congrats on great execution.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Eric.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Tracy: Ive got a two-parter here. Its a little bit distinct. But just first, maybe speak to continued marketing spend and demand creation levels that we should anticipate as we move into  throughout 2019. I think, Jane, you set up 10% this year. Maybe just again, sort of both quantify and give a level of assessment where that spend will go? And then secondly, Jane, you mentioned product costs in terms of gross margin not being as beneficial this year. Clearly, weve got some inflationary pressures. Maybe just talk through that dynamic and the potential impact as well?
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Maybe Ill start with the marketing spend, Eric. So right now, our spend is around 4% of sales, right? The industry norm is closer to 5%. So over time, our goal is to get to minimum, the industry norm, because we believe in branding, we have an amazing brand, we need to invest behind it. Weve made good progress over the back-half of this past fiscal year, as we want to continue to drive that. And I think you can expect that we will increase similar growth rate in fiscal 2019 relative to the overall increase in fiscal year 2018. With a deliberate focus again on digital and social commerce, thats where the vast  and social media, thats where the vast majority of our marketing increases will go.
Jane Nielsen: So as I look at product cost, Eric, the pressure points are, Id say, twofold. One is in actual garment, cost of polyester, cotton and even labor wage rates. And then the other factor that were looking at is obviously freight cost and trucking capacity. As I aggregate those factors, I think that its about 30 to 50 basis points of pressure on gross margin. Now as I contrast that to what happened in FY 2018, it was about 50 basis points of benefit. So we obviously are looking at cost management  cost initiative, renegotiating some deals and leveraging scale with our supply partners and managing duty costs. Those are all parts of our ongoing productivity initiatives to manage this cost to that 30 to 50 basis points. Well also  a part of our AUR journey is to make sure that we cover structural cost increases with pricing increases. So I think we have a handle on it. It is a factor and its one of the factors that will make gross margin expansion next year, but at a less significant rate than we saw in FY 2018.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Simeon Siegel with Nomura Instinet.
Simeon Siegel: Thanks. Good morning, guys, and congrats on the progress.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Simeon.
Simeon Siegel: Jane, sorry if I missed it. The CapEx has been coming down nicely and below plan in the past couple of years. I think, it looks like youre planning it back up this year. So any thoughts on what that should look like go forward? I dont know if there was anything timing-wise in there? And then just to your comment about the meaningful decline in off-price shipments in the control there, could you just remind us what the current off-price penetration is and where youd expect that to go?
Patrice Louvet: Sure, Simeon. Let me give you some context on capital. Obviously, FY 2018, we spent less than we thought we would at $162 million. But I really view this as a test-and-learn year. So we put a lot of test into the marketplace, but we have a stringent guideline for the ROI that we need to see from investments that we put in the marketplace. That caused us to delay some initiatives into 2019, and so youre seeing that, in our CapEx guidance, its closer to about 4.5% of sales as we move forward. Over the long-term, we think that 4.5% to 5%, 4% to 5% is the right level of CapEx for our business. As I look at CapEx, especially this year, if you contrast it to the last several years, like many others, significant CapEx investments in IT have moved into SG&A as we take advantage of more variable platforms like Demandware or Salesforce eCommerce Cloud, backup services that you dont have to invest capital in, but you pay as a service and stay technologically upgraded. So thats a factor for CapEx as we move forward. But I think, we feel good that we have really inculcated a strong ROI culture. We know where we need to go and well talk about it much more at Investor Day. Then, obviously, on off-price, we dont disclose the percentage of that business to our total. As you know, we would disclose it if it was more than 10% as a very high watermark. But our objective is to increase this channels penetration into our wholesale channel, so it will be decreasing...
Patrice Louvet: Increasing, increasing.
Jane Nielsen: Im sorry. Oh, gosh.
Patrice Louvet: We are increasing instead of  dont let anyone else hear that. We are decreasing its penetration to the wholesale channel. So it is a point of pressure to growth obviously in 2018 and into the future, not as dramatic as you saw in 2018, but at decreasing penetration. Its a pressure point in growth, because weve got to get this channel back to where it should be strategically for us, which is in a point of excess sale for excess that we generate as a retailer.
Evren Kopelman: Okay. Well take one last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. Your line is open.
John Kernan: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats on the progress and looking forward.
Patrice Louvet: John, good morning.
John Kernan: Looking forward to the Investor Day. Jane, just wondering if you could touch on whats implied within the guidance for Europe and Asia this year on a revenue perspective? And then youve obviously done a lot to elevate and enhance the brand, not just in North America, but globally. Can you talk about the potential you see in Europe and Asia? I think you talked about $500 million in China. Give us a little more detail now about what  where you see those businesses going in the future. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. And I can tell you, John, were going to talk a lot more about this at Investor Day, and you can hear it directly from our leaders, Jeff Kuster and Howard Smith, who will give you perspective. In general, next year, I expect that international will grow and North America will decline less  in less magnitude than we saw this year, reflecting the work that weve done, but thats our expectation. As I look across the international business, we know we are underpenetrated in China. Our store presence has a lot of opportunity. The Chinese consumer in the research that weve done has an elevated perception of the brand. And weve got a lot of room to grow into their perception, both in our assortments and in our stores, building out our stores. Across Europe, again, we have 19 full-price stores in Europe. We have a great opportunity to grow there. Notably, were underpenetrated in Germany and Italy as opportunity areas, where we have a strong consumer perceptions and relatively limited build-out of our store fleet, but those are the opportunity areas.
Patrice Louvet: Yes. I think were excited about the growth opportunities we have in international and we will share those in more detail in a couple of weeks. So listen, were going to close it here. Thank you for joining the call. We look forward to seeing all of you June 7 on the Investor Day and have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Vice President of Investor Relations Patrice Louvet - President and Chief Executive Officer Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Matthew Boss - JP Morgan Simeon Siegel - Nomura Securities Kate McShane - Citi Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo & Company Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Rick Patel - Needham & Co. Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's third quarter fiscal 2018 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees. And our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations' website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Evren. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. We are pleased to report better-than-expected results for the third quarter, as we continue to execute on our key initiatives, especially during the important holiday season. We still have a lot of work to do to return to industry-leading revenue and earnings growth, but these results give us confidence that we are on the right track. If you recall from our last call, we're focused on reigniting growth, while continuing to drive productivity. And it is this balance that will create value for our stakeholders. To do so, we're executing against four key initiatives: first, elevating our brand by improving quality of sales, distribution and product; second, evolving our product, marketing and shopping experience to increase our reach and appeal with new consumers; third, expanding our digital and international presence; and fourth, working in new ways to drive productivity and agility. Let me take you through the progress we made across each in the third quarter, starting with our first key initiative, elevating our brand by improving quality of sales, distribution and product. In the third quarter, we continued to reduce our discount rates and increase our average unit retail. AUR was up 4% across the company's direct-to-consumer network similar to the first half of the year. Our North America holiday sales were ahead of plans, even with reduced promotions versus last year. Importantly, this was achieved in the context of a marketplace with high levels of promotional activity. We continue to improve the quality of our distribution, by closing unproductive doors and reducing off-price penetration within wholesale. This contributed to 250 basis point increase in our adjusted gross margin, building on our gains from the first half of the year. We're also making progress in improving quality of product as we reallocate more of a production volume to a network of factories that consistently deliver superior quality. Moving on to our second key initiative, evolving our product, marketing and shopping experience to increase our reach and appeal with new consumers. Within products our strategy has the following five key elements: driving a much more disciplined assortment; focus on our icons, renew our core items to create more appeal with today's consumer; develop interest through newness and innovation including limited editions; capsule collections and personalization to inject energy and excitement into our brand; and finally, drive under-developed categories that have high potential. I want to share a few ways we're progressing across these elements from the third quarter. Starting with assortment discipline, this season had a double-digit reduction in the number of SKUs, as we continue to cut the unproductive tail, driving clarity of message, increased productivity and higher sell-throughs. Furthermore, year to date, revenue per SKU is up 18% and gross profit per SKU is up 23% to last year. The focus on our icons was evident in our fall and Holiday assortment. Our Polo Bear sweaters and novelty items embellished with our iconic symbols like our Crest Logo and Downhill Ski Racer graphic were among our best sellers for the season. Our renewed core items were also key to our seasonal performance. The sales trend in Polo, our largest brand, improved in both men's and women's apparels. This is a result of the work Ralph and our creative teams have been doing to elevate and evolve our core product with increased functionality and refreshed fabrics, silhouettes and color palettes. Some of our best performers included those with additional functionality such as Washable Merino Sweaters, outer wear with seam seals, and denim and chinos with stretch. We saw increased full price sell-through with higher AURs and gross margins versus last year. When it comes to developing interest through limited editions and other innovations, this quarter we built on the success of our create our own pilot at the US Open, by extending it to our Prince Street Store, New York City and RalphLauren.com. This initiative provides consumers with the opportunity to create a one of a kind, personalized design, in store and online. We're seeing good traction. At Prince Street, we saw incremental sales, improved conversion and higher gross margin. Early indications also show that consumers purchasing customized products are typically younger and new to our retail store channel. On RalphLauren.com, custom items are in the top selling styles in their categories for both men and women. Lastly, in products, we're focusing on underdeveloped categories that has significant growth potential across our brands. One of these categories is denim. Based on recent consumer research, we believe that we have a clear basis to win in this category. With the Fall and Holiday season, we were pleased to see the traction in denim, with updated fits, washes and lighter weights. Our denim business is up 8% year to date with improved gross margins. So as you can see, we're making encouraging progress across multiple fronts on product. But there's still more work to do ahead of us. Moving on to marketing, our strategy to increase reach and appeal with new consumers has the following four key elements: adopt a more consumer-centric approach; shift marketing investments to the channel that matter most of our consumers; drive greater integration across consumer touch points; and finally, put more emphasis on marketing measurement and analysis. We are developing deeper knowledge of consumer behaviors and being more precise about how we engage specific consumer groups. This will enable our marketing investments to be more effective and efficient. In order to expand the brand's reach globally and increase consumer demand, we are shifting to more digital and more social platforms. With a focus on influencers and strategies that drive traffic to our e-commerce channels. As an example, in the third quarter, on Singles' Day in China, we partnered with celebrity Chinese model He Sui, to introduce the Polo Bear limited edition on Tmall. This event attracted more than 100 million live views and impressions on TV and social media across China. We're also experimenting with new channels to drive further engagement with the younger consumer, for example, we launched our first ever Snapchat activation as part of our create-your-own product customization promotion. We expect to build on the momentum we are seeing on digital platforms. Our Instagram followers are up 40% over the last year. And our WeChat fan-base is up 50% over the last three months. When it comes to influencers, we believe in investing in long-term relationships, with those who have an authentic connection to the brand and influence the areas of culture that matter most to our audiences. We built on our influencer and celebrity coverage in the third quarter, with dressing activity including Gigi and Bella Hadid, Jennifer Lawrence, Blake Lively, J.Lo, Chance the Rapper, Zendaya and Jessica Chastain, as well as Fan Bingbing, Karen Mok, GEM [ph], and JJ Lin in Asia. An illustration of greater integration across consumer touch-points this quarter has been the Holiday Polo Bear campaign. We created a consistent experience for the consumer as we integrated the message across product, digital media and our sales channel. We featured our iconic Polo Bear across store windows globally, in video content on social media and through collaborations with influencers. Finally, in terms of upgrading our shopping experience. We continue to invest in our store environments in the third quarter. In wholesale, we've refreshed a number of our shops and have seen improved sales and margin trends versus control doors and pretest trends. This activity will continue in partnership with our key customers. In retail, refreshes and renovations are elevating the store environment especially in our factory stores, driving improved gross margins ahead of our expectations. We have more of these projects in the pipeline for fiscal 2019. Moving onto our third key initiative, expanding our digital and international presence. Last quarter I spoke in detail about our growth potential in Asia, specifically in China. We had strong performance in China in the third quarter, which Jane will review in a moment. This quarter, I want to highlight our digital initiatives. It goes without saying the digital is critical to our future growth as the consumer continues to shift online. The shift is not only for purchases, but as a whole ecosystem of touch-points from product research to product reviews and ongoing brand interaction through social media, digital marketing and digital own content. Across the company, we are pivoting to digital-first mindset in order to position our business to win in the new digital world. On the e-commerce front, our strategy has three pillars; one, our directly operated websites; two, department store websites; and three, digital pure players. Starting with our directly operated websites, RalphLauren.com is our digital flagship. And our vision is to make you the best most elevated expression of our brand. To deliver that vision, we've been significantly pulling back on the level of deep discounting to improve quality of sales. Fiscal 2018, we are driving nearly 700 basis points of reduction in the penetration of third and fourth markdown sales in our North America e-commerce business. We also recently transition our U.S. site to a new technology platform that offers a better mobile experience and functionality like improved search and more seamless checkout process. We'll continue to add functionality like customer reviews, chat and personalization, and are beginning to upgrade the creative look and feel of the site to build the richer experience and capture new consumers. In fiscal 2018, we estimate that our global directly operated e-commerce business will generate approximately $380 million of revenue. As we look forward to fiscal 2019 with our new site in place and the major promotional pullback behind us, our goal is to start to build quality traffic and grow revenue on our U.S. site. The strategy for digital flagship is to emphasize brand experience, develop digital content around RalphLauren.com that drives deeper consumer engagement and conversion as well as offer more omnichannel services like pickup and return in store. Moving onto department store websites, this business is healthy and growing. We've been gaining market share in key categories at our key partners. The penetration of the department-store-dot-com business to our total department store sales is in the high-teens and growing. Moving forward, in order to accelerate share growth, we will collaborate even more closely with key partners to leverage consumer insights to better reach and convert traffic. Lastly on digital pure players, this is the fastest growing part of our e-commerce presence and it allows us to attract younger consumers into the brand. We are partnering closely with our pure play customers of marketing events, optimizing search and other data analysis to drive higher traffic and conversion for our brands. Our pure play business is more developed in Europe and other parts of the world, as we've been building relationships with key players for a number of years there. We currently sell-through over 40 online retailers in Europe, including Zalando, Boozt, ASOS, YOOX and MR PORTER. In Asia, our network is developing and we were focused on driving a full price strategy with limited discounting. We currently work with 11 pure players including T-mall, JD.com, WeChat, ZOZOTOWN, and THE ICONIC. In the U.S., we're beginning to launch with new brand appropriate sites, having added seven year-to-date with several more to come in the fourth quarter. As we explore pure play opportunities, what's most important to us is that the brand is presented appropriately and pricing integrity is maintained. We prefer the marketplace model where we have control over how we show up to the consumer. On these sites, we have created digital shop-in-shop environment with consistent brand experience, tailored product stories and an assortment that is carefully curated by our merchants. As we look across department-store-dot-com and pure players, we are on track to generate approximately $580 million of global sales at retail in fiscal 2018. This is up approximately 9% to last year. We expect this channel to continue to grow as a percentage of our mix going forward. To support our digital expansion, we are investing in our talent and infrastructure. Last week we announced a number of significant changes in our digital organization, including the appointment of new senior leaders with strong backgrounds and critical technology and e-commerce positions. As well as our first ever Chief Digital Officer, Alice Delahunt. Alice joins us from Burberry, where she served as director of digital marketing and led digital innovation. She will be responsible for elevating our global digital platforms and enhancing the consumer experience across all digital channels to drive acquisition, conversion and retention. She will report directly to me as a member of the executive leadership team. These are just a few of the important steps we are taking to enhance our digital and e-commerce capabilities and build-up the platform. As we evolve and expand our work across digital, we expect the profitability of our digital operations to improve over time as we leverage our fixed cost asset base and drive productivity initiatives. To in closing, as I mentioned earlier, while we still have a lot of work to do to reach industry leading revenue and earnings growth. I believe, we are moving in the right direction with clear focus on initiatives that will reignite quality growth and continue to drive productivity across our business. Ralph and I are deeply committed to evolving our iconic brand is experienced and expressed across all the consumer touch-points. And we are proud of our organization that is coming together as one-team focused on the consumer driving superior execution across our key priorities. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane. And I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results, we're ahead of our expectations and show continued progress on resetting the business to a healthier base. Our quality of sales improvements are delivering higher AUR, lower discounts, expanded gross margins, higher inventory turns and significant growth in free cash flow. Our third quarter revenues declined 4% on a reported basis and 6% in constant currency. At the top end of our guidance, as our North America holiday sales we're ahead of our plans. I am proud of our teams for their strong execution this holiday season. They took our learnings from last year, worked across functions from store operations, supply chain and planning, to design merchandising and marketing. To ensure that our consumer saw enhanced product in our stores at a compelling value with inventory levels that match demand. These efforts across our teams delivered improved sell-through and higher gross margins with reduced promotions. With this holiday quarter, adjusted operating margin was 13.2%, up 40 basis points to last year on a reported basis and down 10 basis points in constant currency. This was above our guidance driven by both better growth margins and lower SG&A expenses as our quality of sales initiatives and product performance exceeded our expectations. Adjusted gross margin in the third quarter was up 250 basis points to last year and up 220 basis points in constant currency. The most significant driver of the expanded gross margin was reduced discount rates and promotions, other drivers of the expansion were favorable geographic and channel mix. We are also seeing the benefits of our sourcing initiatives. Our shorter lead time products have lower markdown rates and higher full price sell-through. We remain on track to have 90% of our products on a nine month lead time by the end of this fiscal year and plan to drive further reductions in fiscal 2019. SG&A expenses were flat to last year in the third quarter, as savings from expense initiatives and store closures, funded a 27% increase in marketing spend. The growth in marketing comes after double-digit declines in the first half of this year. Ralph and our creative teams have been working collaboratively with our new Chief Marketing Officer, who joined us in April and we're excited to invest in these campaigns with greater execution in digital and social media channel. For context, our marketing investment for fiscal 2018 is planned to be up slightly to last year. The planned 30-plus growth in the second half balances out the reductions in the first half. Moving forward our goal is to continue to increase marketing. However, our objective is to fund the majority of the increases through productivity gains in other expense areas in order to achieve our long-term goal of expanding operating margin. Let me now review our segment performance. In North America, revenue was down 11% in the third quarter. However, adjusted operating margin was up 160 basis points, reflecting substantial progress on quality of sales and distribution initiatives. In wholesale, our sales continue to be pressured by our deliberate actions to ensure the health of our brand and to set us up for long-term success. North America wholesale revenue was down 15% in the third quarter, as we continue to pull back from the off-price channel and close unproductive distribution in department stores. For FY 2018, on a year to date basis our deliberate actions such as brand exits, off-price wholesale reductions, receipt pullbacks and lower promotional levels account for approximately two-thirds of the North America wholesale declines. Notably, off-price declined in penetration to our total North America wholesale business. The encouraging news is that our Fall/Holiday season sell-out performance, while still down to last year, improved from the spring/summer season. Furthermore, retailer margins expanded to last year. Importantly, our digital wholesale business continued its momentum, posting both sales growth and market share gains to last year at our key retailers and in our core categories. While there is more work to do, especially in off-price wholesale, we expect improvements in our wholesale revenue trend as we begin to overlap some of the deliberate actions and address the weak underlying demand by evolving our product, marketing and wholesale store environments. In our retail business in North America, holiday sales were ahead of our plans. While our brick-and-mortar comps were still down year-over-year, affected by our quality of sales initiatives and weak overall traffic, the 3% comp declines represented a modest improvement in trend. E-commerce comps in North America were down 27% in the third quarter. This was in line with our expectations and was impacted by our transition to a new technology platform in the quarter and by our continued quality of sales initiatives. This quarter, we had 11 fewer promotional days versus last year and we reduced discount depth, by at least 10 percentage points. Our deepest discount message was 50% off versus 65% off last year. In addition, we were more targeted in our promotions and excluded customized products, new arrival and some of our iconic items from the promotions this year. We expect our e-commerce sales in the fourth quarter to be similar to our first half trends with more substantial improvements expected in FY 2019. Moving on to Europe, revenue increased 8% on a recorded basis and was flat to last year in constant currency in the third quarter. Our team in Europe delivered adjusted operating profit growth with margins up 270 basis points and up 220 basis points in constant currency, driven by both gross margin expansion and expense leverage. Wholesale revenue in Europe increased 8% in constant currency. The underlying trend of the wholesale business is about flat to last year. However, the quarter benefitted from an easier compare due to a shift in timing of shipments in last year's third quarter. Similar to North America, our digital wholesale business in Europe continued to post growth to last year and expanded market share. In the retail channel, constant currency comps were down 8% in Europe. We intensified our quality of sales actions and face challenging traffic trends in our outlet centers, which experience the double-digit decline in foreign traffic. While, this impacted comp growth negatively gross margin and AUR will both up and the discount rate was down. Turning to Asia, revenue was up 7% on both a reported basis and in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin was up 140 basis points, and up 10 basis points in constant currency. This quarter had a challenging operating margin comparison in Asia due to the timing of certain expenses in last year's third quarter. When you look at the year-to-date period adjusted operating margin is up 540 basis points and up 390 basis points in constant currency. As we overlap strong quality of sales actions in the second half of last year. Our operating margin expansion will continue at a more normalized pace with top line growth driving operating profit dollar growth. Our team is driving growth in the Asia region, while continuing the focus on productivity. Comps increased 3% in constant currency in the third quarter continuing the positive comp trend from the first half of the year. Comp growth was achieved in the context of strong quality of sales initiatives, and was driven by increased conversion, a higher AUR and growth in the number of transactions. We expect further comp growth in Asia, as we continue to upgrade our distribution network and marketing initiatives to amplify and elevate the brand. We delivered stronger results in China, our key growth market in the region. Total revenue for the quarter was up 28% to last year in Mainland China, leading our growth in the Greater China region. We continue to increase our digital efforts and engagement with local influencers and celebrities. Turning to our store fleet. We continued to improve our retail network through the closure of underperforming locations and opening new stores with improved adjacencies. In the third quarter, we opened 15 stand-alone stores and 10 concessions. We closed three stand-alone stores and four concessions, ending the quarter with 481 stand-alone stores and 628 concessions on a global basis. We opened 10 new points of distribution in Mainland China in the quarter. And we are on track to have 60 points of distribution on the Mainland by the end of fiscal 2018. At year-end, we expect our stand-alone store count to be up slightly to last year, and our concession network to have a net increase of approximately 10 locations, primarily in Asia. Moving onto the balance sheet. Our balance sheet is significantly stronger than last year. And it's a reflection of the operational progress we are making. We ended the third quarter with $2.1 billion in cash and investments, up from $1.5 billion at the end of last year's third quarter. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $589 million flat to last year. Inventory declined 16% to $825 million at the end of the third quarter, and inventory turns improved, we will continue to focus on inventory productivity and matching inventory flows with demand. We generated $828 million of free cash flow year-to-date, up from $625 million in the prior year period. Turning to the dynamic topic of taxes. Our adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 22% before the impact of tax reform, restructuring and related charges, slightly below our guidance of 23% due to discrete one-time items. On a reported basis, tax reform increased our estimated tax expense with this quarter by approximately $231 million, this is primarily related to the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. This is a onetime charge that will largely be paid over an 8-year period. We have excluded this from our adjusted EPS of $2.03. Going forward based on our current interpretation of tax reform, our geographic mix of profits and available information, we estimate that our ongoing effective tax rates will decline by approximately 200 basis points, which equates to an annual net reduction in tax expense of approximately $12 million or $0.15 per share. This is driven by the lower U.S. corporate tax rate which is partially offset by the non-deductibility of performance-based compensation. For tax purposes, this is based on our FY 2018 geographic mix of profits where about a quarter of our pre-tax income is based in the U.S. We will continue the process of refining these estimates as additional information becomes available. Now, I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and related charges and the onetime charge in the third quarter related to tax reform. We are maintaining our constant currency revenue guidance for fiscal 2018 and raising the low-end of our operating margin guidance. We expect revenues to decline 8% to 9% for the year in constant currency. Foreign currency is now expected to have approximately 100 basis points of benefit to revenue growth in fiscal 2018 versus previous guidance of 80 basis points of positive impact, given the recent movements in foreign exchange rates. Brand and distribution exits, both in wholesale and retail account for approximately half the decline with quality of sales initiatives and challenging traffic trends representing the remainder, partially offset by new distribution and product and marketing initiatives. Based on our year-to-date performance, we now expect operating margin for fiscal 2018 to be 10% to 10.5% in constant currency, up from previous guidance of 9.5% to 10.5%. Foreign currency is now expected to have 30 basis points of benefit to operating margin for fiscal 2018 versus previous guidance for minimal impact. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be down 8% to 10% in constant currency, in line with our expectations. Foreign currency is expected to have approximately 330 basis points of benefit to revenue growth. Revenue in the fourth quarter will be pressured for two reasons: first, a planned shift in timing of wholesale shipments, this shift benefited Q3 and will pressure Q4; second, in retail, a large portion of the March quarter is driven by clearance sales post-holiday. To support our quality of sales initiative, we have planned for less clearance inventory, which will limit clearance sales volumes year-over-year. This will more than offset the benefit of these Easter shift in Q4. We expect gross margin to continue to expand in the fourth quarter, however SG&A rate will see some pressure. While we continue to drive expense reductions, we are also investing in growth initiatives, especially in marketing. In the fourth quarter, our marketing investments will be up even more significantly than the third quarter. And we will be focused on our new Spring Polo campaign, featuring our iconic Polo Shirt. We will also fully amplify the coverage of our February fashion show and our sponsorship of the Winter Olympics. As a result, operating margin in the fourth quarter is expected to be down 240 to 260 basis points in constant currency. Foreign currency is estimated to benefit operating margin by approximately 90 basis points. We continue to expect restructuring charges to approximate $200 million. However, from a timing perspective, we now expect approximately $130 million in fiscal 2018 and roughly $75 million to $85 million of lease-related cost to shift into FY 2019. In the third quarter, we recognized $27 million of restructuring and other charges. We now expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2018 to be around $200 million, lower than our previous guidance of $225 million as we shift certain capital expenses into fiscal 2019 and focus on consumer-facing initiatives that have demonstrated a proof of concept and healthy rates of return. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 to be approximately 23%, below our previous guidance of 25%. And for the fourth quarter, to be approximately 3%, due to the lower U.S. federal income tax rate as a result of tax reform and discrete items. When it comes to capital structure and priorities for cash, we are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating to provide strategic flexibility, liquidity and access to capital markets. Our first priority is to allocate capital investment to our growth initiatives. Our second priority for cash is to maintain and grow our dividend, followed by potential share repurchases. While we are planning no share repurchases for fiscal 2018, we will review our future plans with our Board of Directors at year-end. We are also currently evaluating the impact of the repatriation of our foreign cash under tax reform. In closing, we continue to make strong progress on our platforms for growth and our operational efficiencies. Our balance sheet is strong and we are growing our cash flows. We are elevating our brand across all channels and consumer touch-points to ensure that Ralph's enduring vision is translated in a compelling and consistent way. Our teams around the world are laser-focused on execution and realizing the value creating opportunity for all our stakeholders. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. You may ask your question.
Robert Drbul: Hi, good morning.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Bob.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Bob.
Robert Drbul: I guess, on this quarter, we've become accustomed to seeing you guys beat on the margin side, but this is the first quarter in a while that you came in at the high-end of the revenue guidance. So I was wondering if you could just elaborate a bit more on the drivers around the top-line.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, I mean, as you mentioned, I think we're actually encouraged by our revenue results in the quarter. I think we're really starting to see the early benefits of our key initiatives, right, with a specific focus on elevating our brand by improving quality of sales and quality of distribution and you heard us give some examples of that. And also evolving our product and our marketing so that we can really expand our reach and appeal with new consumers, and that's starting to play out, obviously early days. We're especially pleased with the in-store executions that our teams delivered in North America during the holiday season. And we also recognized we benefitted in the whole channel from a more positive sentiment in North America, so that's part of it. So I'd say, all in all progress, but we're also very clear we still have a lot more work to do in order to get back to high quality growth and continue the productivity progress that we've done, so we can deliver the shareholder value that everyone expects from this company.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Matthew Boss: Thanks. So, Patrice, last quarter you cited quality of distribution initiative. I think you said in the seventh inning and quality of sale actions is ongoing. I guess, to put this into perspective. Your guidance for this year is basically to end with roughly $6.1 billion revenue base. Are you comfortable that this is trough level or just help us to think about - do we need to think about further shrink prior to re-growing, just the best way to put into perspective, where you're at today with revenues and how best to think about going forward.
Patrice Louvet: Okay, good morning, Matt. Most of the key interventions from a distribution and discounting standpoint are happening this fiscal year. So if you look at the interventions we've made in wholesale, full price on wholesale, if you look at the interventions we've made in terms of store closures, if you look at the interventions we've made online from a discounting standpoint, most of the big interventions are happening this fiscal year. So I think $6.1 billion is a good starting base. There is still for us a question mark as to our exposure in the off-price channel. So that's something that we're working through and we'll share how we're thinking about it, when we get together for the Investor Day in early June. But I'd say, in terms of key interventions of quality of sales, quality of distribution, we should be more or less complete by the end of the fiscal year.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Simeon Siegel with Nomura/Instinet. You may ask your question.
Simeon Siegel: Thanks. Good morning, guys, and congrats on that ongoing margin and inventory progress.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Simeon Siegel: Jane, any thoughts on where the gross margins can go from here and maybe the drivers there? And then, just as a reminder, on the EBIT level, the channel and geographic mix shifts are those accretive or dilutive at this point?
Jane Nielsen: Can you say your EBIT question again?
Simeon Siegel: Yes, I think you get the benefit with the channel and geographic mix shifts. I think it helps the margin just on the EBIT level. How does that play out?
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, okay. So let's start with gross margin. I think you have seen us continuously drive gross margin. The number one driver is promotion and discount reduction. That is going to continue through next year. The sharp interventions that Patrice talked about will be over. But the quality of sales work, reducing discount rates smartly, targeting AIR increases. That work will continue and be a positive for gross margin. Our international growth is also going to be an enduring benefit to gross margin, as well as channel shift as we move into digital and as we move into our own store network, notably in Asia, those are all positive gross margin drivers. The magnitude of the benefit that we had as we shift out of wholesale and into more - strongly into direct-to-retail, that gross margin benefit will start to lessen versus what we've seen this year. But in terms of EBIT, which was the next part of your question, our direct-to-consumer EBIT margins benefit from that shift as we leverage growth. So what we're seeing is, in terms of overall EBIT accretion, we're growing operating margin in Asia, that's a net benefit. We expect that to - that margin expansion to continue over time. Europe, as it continues to grow is also EBIT enhancing and we're managing through getting better leverage on our fixed cost, notably at corporate, so that overall EBIT margin for Ralph Lauren can expand over time.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi. You may ask your question.
Kate McShane: Hi, thank you. Good morning.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Kate.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Kate.
Kate McShane: My question was on Europe. I was wondering if you could break down in a little more detail some of the more macro impacts that impacted the quarter versus some of the company specific initiatives and factors. And in particular, when it comes to wholesale in Europe, can you help us understand what the comp growth is for that business versus what the opportunity or what growth we saw from the opening of new doors or new accounts?
Patrice Louvet: Yeah, so let me break Europe into the first part of your question and then the second part of your question. So, what we saw in Europe was some challenging traffic trends, notably in our outlet stores. And we believe that relates to obviously what you saw in the strengthening euro, because we saw a significant drop in foreign tourist traffic, notably into our outlets in Europe. And that was across both our Chinese foreign tourist consumers as well as our Middle East consumers. So we saw those dynamics, again related to largely to the macro of currency dynamics. As I look at Europe wholesale business, the underlying trend for Europe wholesale is about flat. We've had some shipment timing movements that we try to call out as we move through the year, but as we step back from that, we think the underlying trend is about flat on a comp and on an ongoing basis.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. You may ask your question.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Good morning.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Omar.
Omar Saad: Actually I want to just - I just wanted to clarify, Jane, in terms of the dynamics affecting the fourth quarter revenue guidance, the planned brand and distribution exits, the ongoing quality of sales initiatives, less clearance and the wholesale shift. As we think about what's ongoing and what's kind of specific to the fourth quarter. Could you just clarify which one of those we should expect to continue? And then, I wanted to ask also about digital. What you learn - as you put your brand out there more, what you're learning about the brand? And where it's really effective and maybe where it's less effective as you put it out there more? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Great. Why don't I take the Q4 guidance, and then I'll turn it - let Patrice answer your digital question. So as I - as we look at Q4 guidance, and we look at what's happening the denim and supply, the brand exits starts to abate in the fourth quarter. We're still heavily into the reset of our RL.com site from a pricing standpoint. So in the third quarter, we've overlapped the transition of the platform, but we expect the impact of repricing, which you saw on the first half of the year to continue on the trend basis. We'll be at the tail end of the majority of our distribution exits, so that's about a constant pressure point in Q4 in terms of our reset actions. And then just as I think about Q4, what's going on there specifically there are three things. One is that we have an Easter shift, which is a benefit of about an overall comp point in the fourth quarter. The two, other mitigating factors are wholesale timing shipments that we called out. That's worth about - that's about a pressure of - 1 to 2 comp points. And then what we called out is that, we are going to be less heavy into clearance. This fourth quarter, because we're not moving significant inventory goods into the clearance season. What you've seen is, we've raised our gross margin guidance and but it's slightly exceeding about a point of comp pressure in the fourth quarter. So those are the ongoing reset dynamics and then the specific dynamics to the fourth quarter.
Patrice Louvet: Good. And then, Omar, good morning. On your digital questions, maybe let me break it down into kind of e-commerce and the brand building piece. So on the e-commerce, if you look at the three channels that we're approaching here. First of all, as far as our own site is concerned this past quarter was a reset quarter as we transition to the new platform continue to significantly reduce discounts. I don't know that we can draw any major conclusions yet from this past quarter. I think, we've got more learnings as things stabilize from the platform and discounting standpoint. As far as wholesale.com is concerned, we're actually really pleased with the progress we're making both here in North America and around the world, where we're seeing consumers respond really nicely to our presence online with our wholesale partners. As we mentioned, we're growing share and the share of that business for us is increasing as part of our total wholesale business is currently in the high-teens, I expect it to continue to grow. So very encourage there, I think, we've got nice momentum that we now need to continue to fuel. And I feel good about the partnership that we have with our key wholesale partners to drive that to leverage the consumer insights, to have joint marketing activities. The third piece is pure players, which is really honestly more or less new space for us as a company. We're more advanced in Europe and other parts of the world, but we're starting to ramp-up in Asia and here as well. And early indications are quite positive, so we're feeling very good about the consumer response we're getting on our pure play partnerships. So that's the commerce piece. Then as far as the brand building piece is concerned. We actually are seeing a number of things that give us confidence we're on the right track. We quoted in our prepared remarks, some data on how we're growing our user base or followership on Instagram. We're up 40% versus year-ago over the past year on Instagram with multimillion dollar increases. Our fan base on WeChat, obviously, China's important market for us, 50% of the past three months, so we're seeing good response and good momentum on these platforms. We started to experiment with Snapchat, which is - I think we all know on this call, appeals to a younger consumer. And the statistics on this one, we're actually pretty amazing. We achieved - so we ran a promoted story campaign around our Create-Your-Own initiative or personalization initiative. We did that the past quarter. I think one of the first brands actually to partner with Snapchat on native advertising. So we feel good about the fact that we're progressively getting into a leadership position in this space. And just a couple of data points here. We achieved 419 million impressions over that timeframe, and we had a very strong engagement 2 million swipe-ups, which is the Snapchat's version of a click, which based on what Snapchat is telling us, it's actually a very strong performance and all of that took our users into a direct e-commerce sites. So we are learning with new tools, we're making progress on existing digital platform, I think, we're encouraged by the progress. But as with everything we're doing, we know, we have more work to do, we really want to win with the broad group of consumers segments, we're targeting, obviously, millennials in part of that. We're encouraged by some recent data we've actually seen on the band penetration among millennials, and we're just continuing to drive that journey. And Omar, really in the learning more, right. I mean, I think, the mindset we have as a company here is, we want to become a digital-first company and you've seen some of the organizational changes that we've made to enable that. And we recognize that this is a very fast evolving landscape and that we need to constantly learn and really be in the leadership position in those spaces and platforms that matter most.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Ike.
Ike Boruchow: You guys mentioned several times on the call regarding your off-price business. I guess, either Patrice or Jane, just could you maybe give us a little bit more color there. Maybe how much of that business plan to be down this fiscal year? Should those declines accelerate or maintain that rate into next fiscal year? Just trying to get a sense of maybe what your off-price penetration today is versus peak and really where you ultimately want that penetration to go.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. So as I look at the progress we've made to date, our off-price business is down in the mid-20% range. It's declining as a percent of penetration to our wholesale business. And we know that we want right now that trend, that penetration decline to continue into next year. I think, we'll discuss, as Patrice mentioned, more of the magnitude of that as we move into Investor Day, but we know we want this penetration into our whole - full price wholesale business to decline. And it's really about getting back in balance with the role of that channel. It has a very loyal large consumer base that loves to shop sort of the treasure hunt. And it can be a very powerful [indiscernible] for us to liquidate inventory. That's not where we're at today. But that is the role that we like the channel to play within our business, of course, our partners and we have to make that that inventory attractive for them to merchandise and sell, and make sure they don't have broken sizing. But that's really the balance that we like to get back in that channel. But good progress this year, we expect continued progress as we close out the year, and it's certainly one of our points of focus as we move forward into next year.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Lindsay.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Lindsay.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Jane, I wanted to just first clarify something that you had said in your prepared remarks, which I believe was that two-thirds of the decline, I think, in North American wholesale was related to deliberate actions. So does that imply that, excluding your deliberate actions that business is running - has been running down around in the mid-single-digits, and then, as we think about North American operating profit for the region overall. At what point should we be looking for operating profit to stabilize before then kind of pivoting to growth, so is that an early fiscal 2019 event? It seems like with some of the things that you're beginning to lap. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Lindsay. So you're exactly right. In terms of what we can measure in our North America wholesale, we know that brand exits, distribution exits, receipt pullback, coupled with lessening promotional levels and frequencies are accounting for about two-third of the decline. The remainder gets us to sort of an underlying trend of about mid-single-digit decline in our full price wholesale business. And that's based on traffic. And right now we're targeting gaining share as we move forward in that channel, knowing that there is - there are some secular challenges in that channel. In terms of North American operating margin, we do expect as we come out of these deliberate and intentional pullback that we'll see improved top-line trends. And of course, in June we'll give you more specifics in terms of our expectations on overall operating margin and specifically for what we expect by country.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Rick Patel with Needham & Company. You may ask your question.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on the progress. It sounds like you're accelerating focus on pure-play e-commerce sites here in the U.S. Can you share your thoughts on product segmentation? Maybe you can talk about your strategy in Europe if that's a good roadmap. I'm just curious that as we think about the U.S. in the coming quarters, are your new pure-play partners going to have access to the same products as department stores do today or will that product be differentiated? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: So you're right. We are accelerating our focus on pure-plays around the world and probably North America is the region where we are least developed, so where the - where we have the greatest opportunity. We are going to approach the overall product lineup with a very broad lens, because we have presence across multiple segments including home. Right, so you've probably seen us enter One Kings Lane. We're actually encouraged by the early results on that. So broad - that's a broad portfolio. We are keen to make sure we have the right level of differentiation across channels. So we are catering to the specific consumer that's shopping in that specific channel. So we'll have the balance of common products across channels and differentiated offerings. But that's not just true for pure-players. That's also true for the way we approach our factory outlets and the way we approach our own stores relative to wholesale.
Evren Kopelman: Okay. We'll take one last question, please.
Operator: The last question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. You may ask your question.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks, good morning.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Erinn.
Erinn Murphy: I guess, I got a question for - on the North American outlet business, can you just talk about, from a traffic perspective, how that trended during the holiday quarter. And then just with the stronger euro, are you seeing a return to tourism yet here in the United States. And then, I guess, Patrice, for you on China. If you deepen your growth efforts in this market, where is brand awareness, just remind us from an aided or an unaided perspective today. Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Erinn, let me just start with the North America outlet trends and what we're seeing in traffic. We're still seeing - for the third quarter, we saw traffic declines. Although, no real significant change to what we've been seeing in the previous quarters. And then, overall, we were really proud in our North America outlet stores that we saw greater conversion with - even though we were less promotional and had less discount rates in our North America stores and that's what drove a portion of the outperformance that we saw in North America outlet, so really a tribute to the team. Traffic relatively stable, and still slightly down mid-single-digit. As you look at foreign tourists, what we did see in this quarter was that our foreign tourist traffic was - in North America specifically was down. It was down in that high-single-digit range, where we had come off this second quarter and saw foreign tourist traffic down low-single-digits. So foreign tourist traffic was more challenged in the third quarter than in the second quarter and a little bit better than what we saw in the third quarter of last year.
Patrice Louvet: And as we talk China and brand awareness, so actually we've been surprised by the high level of brand awareness in China given, honestly, our limited store footprint and limited e-commerce presence until recently. We've just completed a pretty broad global analysis actually on where the brand stands. So we'll follow-up with you on the specific number. But if I remember correctly, we're in the 70s in terms of brand awareness, relative to 90% in the U.S. So there is still a 20% gap for - relative to the market like the U.S., UK or Japan where we've obviously been for a much, much longer time. But I think a good starting point to drive the growth of business. And obviously, as we increase our investments, as we increase our activities with influencers, as we increase our overall presence there, we're quite confident that we can get that number up significantly.
Patrice Louvet: Okay, very good. Listen, we're going to call it a day. Thank you, all of you for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you in our next call in May. And then, importantly, we look forward to seeing many of you in our Investor Day on June 7 in New York City. So please capture that date in your calendars. And at that point, we'll be in a position to share our perspective, not only on fiscal year 2019, but also how we see the roadmap for the company over the following years. So thanks for calling in and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - VP, Investor Relations Patrice Louvet - President & CEO Jane Nielsen - CFO
Analysts: Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Brian Tunick - RBC Kate McShane - Citi Research John Kernan - Cowen and Company Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Heather Balsky - Bank of America Nancy Hilliker - Wells Fargo Rick Patel - Needham & Company Andrew Roberts - Guggenheim Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2018 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees. And our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations' website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Abrein. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. Our second quarter results demonstrate that we continue to execute on our plan to drive efficiencies and set a strong foundation for future growth. While we're certainly not where we want to be yet, we are encouraged that second quarter revenue was at the high end of our guidance and we outperformed on operating margin, as our quality-of-sales initiatives over delivered our expectations. This focus will continue through the rest of the year, and we are on track to deliver our full year targets. Over the past several months, I've met with many of our key suppliers and customers and thousands of our employees all over the world, these interactions have reaffirmed my excitement about the opportunity for our brand globally, I am incredibly inspired by the passion and commitment of our teams and confident in their capabilities. I've also spent a lot of time with Ralph, and we have developed a very close and productive partnership. I'm particularly excited by some of the early progress we're making together to drive the business forward. Moving ahead, we are focused on reigniting quality growth, while continuing to drive productivity. This balance of growth and productivity will translate into value creation for all of our stakeholders. Our key initiatives include: First, elevating our brand by improving quality of sales and distribution. Second, evolving our product and marketing to increase our reach and appeal with new consumers. Third, expanding our digital and international presence, and fourth, working in new ways to drive productivity and agility. While there's still a lot of work to be done, I'd like to take you through some of the early signs of progress across each of these initiatives. First, elevating our brand by improving quality of sales and distribution. In the second quarter, we continued to reduce our discount rates and increase our average unit retail, which was up 5% across the company's direct-to-consumer network. Gross margin was up 300 basis points to last year. We continue to close unproductive distribution in retail and wholesale and significantly reduced off-price shipments. Second, evolving our product and marketing to increase our reach and appeal with new consumers. Within product, we are driving a much more disciplined assortment, focusing on our icons, renewing our core items to make them relevant to today's consumer and developing limited editions to inject energy and excitement into our brand. The result of this work is most evident in the improving sellout trend we're seeing in Polo with fall seasonal product. While it is still early in the season, we are seeing increased full price sell-through with higher AURs and gross margins versus last year in both men's and women's apparel. Within Polo Fall seasonal products, some of the bestsellers are our icons and updated core items, including the varsity jacket, the American flag in polar bear sweaters, the denim trucker jacket, embellished military-inspired styles and novelty mist [ph] with color blocking. These renewed icons are especially resonating with millennials. We're also seeing success in the denim category with updated fits, washes, lighter weights and incorporating stretch into the majority of the overall offering. In addition, we're beginning to offer limited-edition products on a regular basis to create more reasons for consumers to engage with us. These launches are integrated across product, digital media and our sales channels to create a consistent experience for the consumer. As part of this, we launched the Stadium collection in September. The original Stadium collection was introduced to celebrate the 1992 Summer Olympics, and many pieces became iconic collector's items. We released both replicas and modern interpretations at select Ralph Lauren and third-party stores around the world. We sold out several million dollars' worth within hours. Importantly, 78% of the people who purchased Stadium at a Ralph Lauren store in North America were new consumers to the brand. Another example of limited-edition is our monthly Polo shirt launches, including the collegiate, Eldridge and torn jacket. Each has achieved strong full price sell-through worldwide. We will continue limited-edition series in the future. In marketing, we are leveraging new channels and partnerships, especially in digital and social media that will help the brand reach and acquire new consumers. For example, I'm sure many of you saw our terrific show in September where Ralph and the team created a truly unique experience in its garage in Bedford. We leverage our fashion show as a media event with a specific focus on Instagram, Facebook, Tmall, WeChat, Youku and RalphLauren.com. The show generated over a billion social media impressions, more than double our February show through an expanded list of global social live stream hosts and 24 hours of Instagram stories. We also had many celebrity dressing moments that increased our social media impact, including Blake Lively, Shailene Woodley, Elle Fanning, Chance the Rapper, Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner, both of whom walked our September show, Brooklyn Beckham and Romeo Beckham, Li Bingbing and Yao Chen among others, as well as the face of our new fragrance and brand ambassador, Jessica Chastain. In addition, in the U.S. alone, we have three major magazine covers over the past couple of months featuring our collection dresses. These included Angelina Jolie on the cover of Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary issue, Jennifer Lawrence on the cover of Vogue for its 125 December anniversary issue, and J. Lo on the cover of Vanity Fair this month. Our sports marketing also had a good summer. Based on an outstanding season, 24-year-old Polo golf ambassador, Justin Thomas, was voted PGA Tour Player of the Year, generating tremendous media exposure, including 520 million estimated impression at the PGA championship. And our sponsorship of the U.S. Open Tennis Tournament featured our successful create-your-own customization initiative with on-site printers that drove significant traffic to our shops. In addition, the special edition court sneaker, worn by on-court tournament staff, was completely sold out and attracted new consumers to our brand. Moving onto our third initiative, expanding our digital and international presence. We have significant growth potential in Asia, specifically in China, which represents our greatest geographic growth opportunity for the company. Over the past two years, we've elevated the brand in Asia and built a strong foundation for the business by improving quality of sales and overall profitability. We are now beginning to pivot to quality growth while continuing our productivity work. As you know, we are underrepresented in Asia, with only 13% of our business in the region. In the second quarter, constant currency revenue grew 4% in Asia and comparable store sales were up 3%. We expect this trend to continue in the balance of the year. A key driver of our Asia growth going forward will be Mainland China, where we have very low levels of penetration but strong brand awareness. In fiscal 2017, we generated approximately $50 million of revenue on Mainland China, which represents less than 1% of our total company revenue. Based on Millward Brown data, we know that Polo's aided brand awareness in Mainland China is 83%. This is a significantly higher figure than many of our competitors which have greater penetration than us in China. We will drive growth through both increased marketing and distribution, both online and with physical stores. Within marketing, we have increased our digital efforts and engagement with local influencers. We are tailoring social content to the Chinese consumer and dressing many Chinese celebrities with social followings nearing 1 billion in total. In September, we had over 12 million Chinese views of our fashion show. We're also ramping up our presence on digital platforms. And in the second quarter, we successfully launched on T-mall and JD.com, and with commerce on WeChat. On these sites, we are creating digital shop in shop environments with a consistent brand experience, tailored product stories and an assortment that is carefully curated by our merchants. On WeChat, we sold out the limited-edition Polo shirt within 48 hours. We are offering many omnichannel features to Chinese consumers, including free in-store tailoring and returns and an innovative mobile-based product authentication process using WeChat to recognize QR codes. Complementing this digital presence in China, the team is successfully expanding our fleet of physical stores while also improving the profitability of the portfolio. Importantly we have a harmonized pricing architecture across channels. We've opened 15 smaller format stores year-to-date in Mainland China and by the end of fiscal 2018 we expect to have a total of 60 stores on the Mainland. We have a much more rigorous approach to site selection, and these stores are generating strong sales productivity and returns that are accretive to our overall business. The average age of our customer in these stores is 34 years old, with a 50-50 male-female mix. We're seeing clear demand for our higher-priced more fashion-forward merchandise and a higher accessories penetration rate in China compared to other geographies, which shows opportunity. These achievements provide strong proof points for our accelerated growth strategy in Mainland China. Taken together with Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, our goal for Greater China is to reach almost $0.5 billion of revenue in five years from about $170 million in fiscal 2017, driven by both comp growth and new distribution guidance. We will continue to act with rigor in this market and are committed to elevating the brand and delivering sustainable, profitable growth. In closing, we are moving in the right direction with a clear focus on creating value for all of our stakeholders by continuing to drive productivity and reigniting quality growth. Ralph and I have the same vision for the brand and the same goal, which is to get our great company back to winning. He and I are deeply committed to evolving how our iconic brand is experienced and expressed to win over consumers. We will continue to build on our early progress by driving the four key initiatives I outlined. Elevating our brand by improving quality of sales and distribution; evolving our product and marketing to increase our reach and appeal with new consumers; expanding our digital and international presence; and working in new ways to drive productivity and agility. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results showed strong progress on resetting the business to a healthier base. Our quality of sales improvements are delivering higher AURs, lower discounts, expanded gross margins, higher inventory turns and significant growth in free cash flow. Our performance this quarter was achieved despite meaningful impact from the tragic hurricanes that affected Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico. In total, we experienced about 1 point of comp pressure in North America as a result of the hurricanes. But our results do not tell the full story, and I am incredibly proud of our teams for their swift and tireless actions to ensure that all our employees were safe, to bring relief their communities and to reopen our stores quickly following these devastating events. Let me now turn to our results. Second quarter revenues declined 9% on both a reported basis and in constant currency, which was at the high end of our guidance. Adjusted operating margin was 13.4%, 100 basis points above last year on a reported basis and 70 points higher in constant currency. Gross margin in the second quarter was up 300 basis points to last year and up 290 basis points in constant currency, driven by both average unit retail increases and discount rate reductions. Consistent with previous quarters, approximately half of the increase was driven by reduced promotional activity and half by favorable geographic and channel mix. We also remain on track with our target expense savings for the year. Operating expenses were down 5% to last year in the second quarter, driven by rightsizing our cost structure, closing unprofitable distribution and changing product development processes through SKU optimization. This productivity allows us to fund our early growth initiatives while delivering our performance commitments for the year. Moving on to our segment performance. Starting with North America. We continue to execute our plan to come back to profitable growth. Revenue was down 16% in the second quarter, reflecting substantial progress on quality-of-sales initiatives. Despite the challenging top line, our team was able to expand adjusted operating margin 150 basis points. In North America wholesale, we continue to take deliberate actions to ensure the health of our brand and to set us up for long-term success. Execution progress this quarter focused on distribution closures, brand exits, off-price reductions, receipt fullbacks and lower promotional level. These actions accounted for approximately 70% of the 22% decline in the U.S. wholesale revenue this quarter. Our pullback in the off-price channel drove lower penetration within our North America wholesale business. This will continue through the remainder of the year. Consumer demand and channel dynamics remained challenging in North America wholesale and contributed to comp declines estimated in the mid- to high single digits. However, our digital wholesale business continued to be a highlight and posted growth last year. We are addressing the weak underlying demand by evolving our product and marketing and by investing in our wholesale store environments to improve the consumer experience. As an example, as part of our Stadium launch in September, we dropped a special capsule of knitwear items with the famous P wing logo in select Macy's and Bloomingdale's stores with customers lining up for the product overnight. As Patrice highlighted, early reads on fall product performance in Polo has shown an improving trend, which is promising. In our directly operated e-commerce business in North America, comps were down 18% in the quarter, as expected, but gross margin expanded significantly as we continued our strategy to aggressively reduce promotional activity to both ensure price coherency across our channel and to enhance the overall brand and shopping experience for our digital flagship consumer. Following our decision to shift to a cloud-based e-commerce platform, our digital and IT teams moved with urgency and outstanding dedication to implement the platform switch in time for the upcoming holiday season. As a result of their work, two weeks ago, we went live with our new cloud-based platform for RalphLauren.com in North America. Now that our new infrastructure platform is in place, we will grow the digital flagship experience for our customers by adding functionality and evolving the creative to the second half of this year. As the new site develops, it will help us create a more brand-enhancing and consistent experience for consumers and better insights and functionality for us. Moving on to Europe. Revenue increased 4% on a reported basis and was relatively flat with prior year in constant currency in the second quarter. Our teams in Europe delivered adjusted operating profit growth with margins up 350 basis points to last year and up 370 basis points in constant currency, driven by gross margin expansion. Wholesale revenue in Europe decreased 1% in constant currency. The negative impact of brand exits and significant reductions in off-price liquidation was partially offset by a shift in shipment timing from the first quarter that benefited the second quarter. The underlying trend of the full price wholesale business is about flat to last year. In the retail channel, constant currency comps were down 6% in Europe as we continued quality of sales work to rebalance pricing levels across channels. While this impacted comp growth negatively in the second quarter, gross margin and AUR were both up and the discount rate was down significantly. Going forward, we will continue this focus in Europe, which will negatively impact comps. This is similar to the strategy we pursued in Asia, and they are now delivering positive comps. Turning to Asia. Revenue was flat to last year on a reported basis and up 4% in constant currency. Adjusted operating margin was up 750 basis points and up 580 basis points in constant currency. Our team is reigniting growth in the Asia region while continuing to focus on productivity. This was the second quarter of positive comps, which increased 3% in constant currency, comp growth was driven by increased traffic and conversion and were keyed in the context of strong quality-of-sales initiatives. We expect continued comp growth in Asia as we upgrade our distribution network and continue our marketing initiatives to amplify the brand. Turning to our store fleet. We continued to improve our retail network through the closure of underperforming locations and opening new stores with improved adjacencies. In the second quarter, we opened 14 stand-alone stores and 34 concessions. We closed 12 stand-alone stores and 37 concessions, ending this quarter with 469 stand-alone stores and 622 concessions on a global basis. At yearend, we expect our stand-alone count to be up slightly to last year and our concession network to have a net increase of 20 locations, primarily in Asia. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet is significantly stronger than last year and is a reflection of the operational progress we are making. At the end of the second quarter, inventory declined 26% to $865 million versus last year. This inventory reduction is driven by prior year restructuring actions and more effective buying processes, including a proactive pullback in receipts. We will continue to focus on inventory productivity and matching inventory flows with demand. We ended the second quarter with $1.7 billion in cash and short- and long-term investments, up from $1.1 billion at the end of last year's second quarter. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $590 million versus $692 million last year. We generated $362 million of free cash flow in the second quarter, up from $67 million in the prior year period. Now I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and the third quarter of fiscal 2018. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and other charges. We are maintaining our constant currency revenue guidance for fiscal 2018 and raising the low end of our operating margin guidance. We continue to expect revenues to decline 8% to 9% for the year, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Brand and distribution exits in both wholesale and retail account for approximately half of the decline, with quality-of-sales initiatives and challenging traffic trends representing the remainder, partially offset by new distribution and product and marketing initiatives. Foreign currency is now expected to have approximately 80 basis points of benefit to revenue growth in fiscal 2018 versus previous guidance of minimal impact, given the recent movements in foreign exchange rates. Based on performance in the first half and targeted investments in the fourth quarter, we now expect operating margin for fiscal 2018 to be 9.5% to 10.5% in constant currency, up from our previous guidance of 9% to 10.5%. Foreign currency is now expected to have minimal impact on operating margin for fiscal 2018 versus previous guidance of 40 to 50 basis points of pressure. For the third quarter, we expect revenues to be down 6% to 8% in constant currency. Foreign currency is expected to have approximately 160 to 170 basis points of benefit to revenue growth. Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be down 50 to 70 basis points in constant currency. While we expect gross margin to continue to expand into the third quarter, SG&A rate will create some pressure as we start the lap last year's expense reductions and invest in growth initiatives around marketing, product and stores. Foreign currency is estimated to benefit operating margin by approximately 10 to 20 basis points in the third quarter. Looking towards the fourth quarter, revenue will continue to be pressured for two reasons: First, we expect to shift in wholesale shipments that benefit Q3 and pressure Q4; second, a large portion of the March quarter is driven by clearance sales post-holiday. To support our quality-of-sales initiatives, we have planned for less clearance inventory, which will limit the clearance sales volumes this year year-over-year. This will offset some of the benefits from the Easter shift in Q4. Also for the fourth quarter, we expect SG&A expenses to grow versus last year as we accelerate our marketing initiatives and grow our marketing investments double-digits in the second half. We believe this is the right decision for the long term as we balance near-term margin pressure with setting the company up to return to growth. In terms of restructuring charges, we continue to expect approximately $200 million for the year. In the second quarter, we recognized $30 million of restructuring and other charges. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 to be approximately 25% and for the third quarter to be approximately 23%. Let me finish by reviewing our priorities for cash and capital structure. In times of dynamic change, a strong balance sheet is a strategic asset. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating to provide strategic flexibility, liquidity and access to the capital markets. Within that context, our first priority for cash is to invest in our business and lay the foundation for future profitable growth. Our second priority is to return capital to shareholders with a commitment to maintaining our dividend. Excess cash flow beyond current and future investment and dividend needs will be considered for future potential share repurchases. We are not planning share repurchases for fiscal 2018. We make this determination based on the cash needs of our business, sector dynamics and with consideration for the uncertain environment around U.S. tax reform. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2018 are estimated at $225 million, down from the previous guidance of $300 million. We want to shift capital investments behind consumer-facing initiatives that have a demonstrated proof-of-concept and healthy rate of return. In closing, we continue to make strong progress on our operational efficiencies. We are elevating our brand and have strengthened our balance sheet and improved our cash flow so that we have the resources to fuel future profitable growth. This, combined with Ralph's enduring vision and the commitment of our teams around the world, puts us in a strong position to drive value for all our stakeholders. With that, I'd like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. You may ask your question.
Matthew Boss: Thanks and nice early progress. So Patrice, on the four initiatives you outlined, and as we think about that time line for change here, what inning would you say each of the 4 initiatives fall into that?
Patrice Louvet: Good morning Matt. So let's take them one by one. First, elevating the brand through quality of sales and distribution. I think as you've heard, we've made a very good progress on improving the quality of our distribution, shutting down stores, exiting brands like denim and supply, pulling back in wholesale both in terms of points of distribution. You know we're down 20% to 25% points of distribution in department stores. And also, as Jane just mentioned, significantly reducing shipments to the off-price channel's. So if you use a baseball analogy, which is very topical, this morning, I'd say probably seventh inning when it comes to quality of distribution. On the progress for quality of sales, I'd say, on this one, we're making good progress. You've seen us reduce the discounts and that's very visible through the 5% increase in AUR this past quarter. I struggle to provide an inning on this one because this is a game that never stops, right. We want to continuously reduce our level of discounting and improve our quality of sales. So that's on the first one. On the second one, our product and marketing. I'd say early days on products, so probably the first inning. We're beginning to see the benefits of the work that started many months ago, starting to appear in-store now. You heard some of the examples that we quoted. I think what we're seeing is a more disciplined assortment. We're seeing fewer SKUs, we're seeing the beginning of our limited additions. So, again, I think probably first inning there. I'd also say probably first inning on marketing. You've seen the support behind the show. We're getting more influencers to come into the brand, but a lot of our programs actually are going to start to kick in more in Q3, Q4 and beyond. So I'd say very, very early days on this one as well, with a lot more to come. On the third one, which is expanding our digital and our international presence, likewise, I think we're early earnings on digital. We very clear, that's going to be a good vector of growth for us in the future both in North America and globally. I think as we talked altogether a few weeks back, we really look at digital through three lenses, our own site, wholesale.com and pure players, our own sites or RalphLauren.com, Jane talk about the site that we just re-launched our platform and so now, it's about creating an amazing experience for consumers. That's going to happen over the next few months, so I'd say probably first inning on that one as well. Wholesale.com is something we're really keen to win in, so not just play, but play to win, which means growing share. We have really good partnerships across the various regions on that. Couple encouraging data points for this past quarter, we actually grew share in wholesale.com in Europe in Q2, and we grew share in wholesale.com in the U.S. on men's apparel and women's apparel. So we're encouraged by that, obviously a lot more to be done but a key vector of growth for us in the future as well. And then finally, on pure players, it's early days as well because if you look obviously, we have a very good partnership with Zalando in Europe and very happy with how that's playing out. We just signed up with Tmall, JD.com and WeChat, so it's been weeks so a lot more to be done on that front. But excited about what we can do and where we can go. On international, and what's exciting on international is there's no lack of opportunity. When you look at how our business splits today international and North America. We have significant growth potential in our international. You've heard us call out China and Mainland China as our number one priority internationally. The team on the ground has done a lot of work to get the fundamentals right over the past couple of years, so now it's really about accelerating our growth. So I'd say early innings in terms of the accelerating the growth. We're opening stores, we're expanding our digital footprint. We're being more active in terms of marketing with the Chinese consumer. And then, finally, our fourth initiative, which is working in new ways to drive productivity and agility. So as you've seen I think through the numbers, the team has done I think a very good job on productivity. And this is one where I can't innings either because this game never stops, right, productivity is going to be something we're going to do nonstop in addition to reigniting growth. We know we have areas of cost that we can do a better job on and everyone's really focused on being as effective and efficient as we can be across the entire business. And then on agility, which is critical to winning today's context, I'd say, early innings as well. We're putting a lot of emphasis culturally on empowerment and enablement and driving a sense of urgency, putting decisions on the clock so that we just move with pace because that's what the consumers and the retailer landscape demands if we're going to get back to winning. So, overall, as we kind of summarize the game, some phases are kind of midway through the game towards the later end of the game, assuming the game ends in nine innings. And others were at the very beginning, which I think is quite exciting for what's possible moving forward for us.
Jane Nielsen: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Tunick with RBC. You may ask your question.
Brian Tunick: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Tunick: Good morning, Jane. Two question, maybe Patrice can talk about how he envisions maybe the North America channel mix, particularly maybe in wholesale. What do you think the right mix of the department stores versus off-price or digital wholesale should look like over the next couple of years? And then as we think about the revenue growth maybe in the next year or two , should we be thinking about that stabilization next year, is there a chance to grow once we get beyond sort of this pullback in distribution and quality of sales? Thanks very much.
Patrice Louvet: Yeah, good morning, Brian. So let me take the first one on the channel dynamics. So we really look at the whole ecosystem ranging go-to-market ecosystem, ranging from flagships all the way to off-price. And all the channels have a role to play for us in the future, obviously, including wholesale. Specifically, I think as we look at wholesale, the areas we're focused on there is getting the foundations healthy, right. As I mentioned earlier, the challenging our distribution, make sure we have the right product that we show up in the right way in department stores and then we have the right marketing that goes with it. But we do expect abutment stores continue to play an important role for us moving forward. I want to double-click on the wholesale.com part because that's an important growth factor for us in the future, as I mentioned earlier. Off-price also has a role to play for us moving forward, but we actually want to deemphasize the role of off-price in our total business. We believe you've kind of a bit of our ahead of our in this channel, and so what it has a role to play and our consumers there anyone to appeal to. We are pulling back on off-price and we'll continue to do that for the rest of the overtime.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Brian I would say that definitely, as we think about the future, you're going to see, as you did this quarter, less penetration in our total wholesale mix from off-price. And obviously, as Patrice called out, digital has been a highlight in wholesale. So I'd expect that to increase in penetration. And certainly, we have an opportunity once we right-sized wholesale to get back to share growth. So those are sort of how we think about the total ecosystem. As I think about revenue growth following quality-of-sales initiatives, we absolutely believe that after we get through our rightsizing and quality-of-sales initiatives, quality of sales is going to be an ongoing scene I think it will be about balance and - but following the reset that we would get back to growth and obviously. As Patrice said, in June, we're going to come back and play out the initiatives in more detail and give you a better road map for the timing of our financial metrics and our come back to growth. Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research. You may ask your question.
Kate McShane: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wondered with regards to China, sounds like you're seeing some nice green chutes. Wondered what makes this launch into China the right strategy, what have you learned about the region that you think you understand more than you did before when you pursue this market? And is there product segmentation with the region, is there more of an emphasis on one particular segment like Polo?
Patrice Louvet: So we have relatively long history in China as a company actually. Right, so if I kind of rewind the tapes a little bit, we've come through three phases. The early phase was through licensees, which ended up building distribution that I think in hindsight wasn't the right distribution for us. So when the company took over the license in 2010, a lot of our distribution was shut down and then there was an emphasis put on luxury with the expectation that establishing the brand at the high end would be the right way to enter the market, which I think strategically was spot on, because that is the type of equity we want to build for the brand in all new markets, particularly in a market like China. But obviously, we ended up being challenged in the overall economic model of being able to support a business that was exclusively focused on luxury. So that did not play out I think as the way it was originally intended. So we now have the benefit of all those learning's for this third phase where we are going to focus really on establishing Polo as the core of the business. We will obviously drive our luxury business as well to drive overall image, but the heart of the business for us in China will be Polo. We're also very clear in terms of how we want to show up relative to the ecosystem, the go-to-market ecosystem I was referring to earlier, with an almost digital first mindset, so I think you've heard us talk about how we're now on WeChat, JD.com and T-mall and then also opening different store format that we have historically there. So slightly smaller stores, more focused on Polo and the early results that we're seeing are quite encouraging. We're also tailoring our marketing to the Chinese consumers. So I think you heard us share some examples of celebrities that we're working with in China, and we actually have a long list of terrific partners in that market. That's really resonating with the Chinese consumer and then likewise, on product, we're looking at this through the lens of the local consumer, what is the local consumer excited about, what they're looking for and how do we ensure we serve them in a very unique way. We just spent couple of weeks in Asia actually, Jane and I, including a lot of timing in China. And what was exciting to hear from our teams and the stores is the demand there is for our higher priced products on Polo, with consumers really looking for more elevated products and accessories. So we're actually feeling pretty good about where the demand is for our brands there. And you heard me talk earlier, and I'll stop here and turn it over to Jane, but about the average age of our consumer in China which also gives us a lot of hope for the future, our average age is 34 years old, right, which is really in the sweet spot of where we want to be, good 50-50 male-female mix. So I think we're well up for success there. But as we've also called out in the remarks, we will proceed cautiously and we'll be very rigorous in the way we approach our investments moving forward in China.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Kate, I can't say enough about how important the resetting of the base and the elevation of the brand has been in building our confidence for China in the future. As you can see in our segment reporting, just three years ago, we were not profitable in the Asia region and specifically, in China. And the team has done tremendous work as you've seen notably in this quarter in Asia to really expand operating margin. So that now, China and Asia growth is accretive over all Ralph Lauren growth. And so from a profitability standpoint and a healthy base standpoint, we're on solid footing. The brand is in great shape. We've cleaned up our distribution, which is an effort that we're continuing, and we are opening doors in a way that makes sense. We've got flagships that build the brand. We've got Polo doors that are smaller footprint that have excellent four-wall profitability that we're building out. And as you can see, we're building out a system of concessions that get us reach with our Chinese consumers and also provide a very healthy ROI. The gross margin in Asia is the highest that we have in the company. And so building and scaling in the Asia market is an opportunity to continue to expand operating margin, but to really be a significant factor of growth for us. The time is certainly right, and we have the right team and we are in the right position to do so now. Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen and Company. You may ask your question.
John Kernan: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Jane Nielsen: Sure.
John Kernan: Patrice, you obviously, have a lot of experience globally and Ralph Lauren's a global brand, just wondering, how you thinking about Europe. We've seen a transfer a lot of global apparel brands improve in Europe recently. I'm wondering when do you think Europe can become a growth market for Ralph Lauren again? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, John. Thanks for your question. Well, yeah, I mean, internationally, we have both distribution growth opportunities as well as comp growth opportunities. So clearly, exciting potential for us moving forward. We just talked about Asia has been paying this penetrated market, and obviously, our primary growth driver there will be Mainland China. Looking at Europe, right now we're implementing an enhanced focus on quality of sales and distribution where I think, again, we got ahead of our season on distribution in some parts of Europe and we have to wheel that back. We're also working on getting the right level of discounting in that market. So that's going to create some pressure on the number of transactions and comps in the short-term. However, in the long-term, we - to your point, I think, have significant growth opportunities both from a distribution and comp growth standpoint. We actually - so Jane and I have been traveling quite a bit we were in Europe 10 days ago, U.K., Germany, France where we spent a lot of time in the market understanding where we are and what the opportunities are. One interesting data point is across Europe, we only have I think the precise number is 19 full price stores across the entire region, which is an indication of the upside potential that we have there look at our store footprint. We also have very promising progress on digital, I mentioned Zalando earlier and many other partners that we're working with that also indicated the significant upside there. Then finally, as we toured a number of our wholesale partners, we know we can do a better job with our wholesale partners in Europe. So I think across all these sectors, once we've completed the work quality of sales, which is critical, we have significant growth opportunity across the region. For example, we don't have a store, dedicated store in Spain, which is relatively sizable market. So we will get the balance right between Asia and Europe, but we're certainly looking at both regions that's growth vectors for us in the future.
Jane Nielsen: Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. You may ask your question.
Omar Saad: Thanks, good morning. Thanks for all the information. Nice quarter.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Omar.
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask about products. Patrice, you mentioned fashion forward product having a feel, I think that comment was probably more specific to Asia and China. But I wanted to kind of ask you more broadly how do you think about managing the different trends going on in the marketplace as you evolve product line? Retro trends, fashion forward trends, the traditional kind of core heritage around the brand, maybe help us understand how you're thinking about evolving the product, where you it needs to go in concert with their efforts with Ralph's and the creative team? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Omar. So we're looking at multiple vectors to evolve our product offering. The first one, which is going to sound pretty basic was actually critical. It's really driving a more disciplined assortment. Having more discipline and understanding the role of this that we're introducing, eliminating the unproductive styles, better balancing offering across categories across price points, to have good, better, best propositions across the categories that matter. The second point is there's a critical timelessness to this brand, and we have phenomenal icons and I think we've all come to the conclusion that we can do more with our Icons and put greater emphasis on our Icons and that as part of what - the early progress we are seeing this Fall season is actually driven by what's happening with our Icons. The third area is the renewal of our - and again, this is a very important part of our business. On this area, we are looking at fits, we're looking at styles, we're looking at materials, we're looking at colors. And you can imagine, I've been very impressed by the design team that we have in-house and have had a number of conversations with them, they're very in touch with what's going on in the market, both here and around the world, and really making sure that our propositions moving forward. Take that into account, while also staying true to who we are, right. So we're not going to be jerked around by all the fashion trends out there in the market and lose kind of the fundamental what this brand stands for and the timelessness of it. We will be in touch with the trends while staying true to who we are, and obviously, making sure that what we offer is exciting and relevant for the consumers that we want to serve. You heard me talk about the limited editions and we've been excited about the reactions, the stadium and actually pretty need to see the long lines, the night before outside stores where people waiting to buy it. So we're going to continue to drive that, we're going look at partnerships moving forward as well, which I think will bring even more interest and excitement to the brand. And then the final point, which is less about trends and style, it's more about strategic choices. There are three categories where we should be playing more actively, where we are underdeveloped and where I believe we have a basis to win. So that will also be another vector of growth as we look at overall product offering.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please?
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Balsky with Bank of America. You may ask your question.
Heather Balsky: Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Just actually a follow-up on Omar's question. Can you talk about how you're thinking about product in terms of your different channels distribution, off-price versus full-line versus outlet, and how you're going to differentiate between those channels? Thanks.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Heather. That's also a great question. And the headline thought here is we know we need to do a better job differentiating our propositions across channels. Things have gotten blurred and I don't think it's helping the consumer kind of navigate our brand and we want to get really clear on the role of each channel and what the value proposition is in each channel for our brand and drive greater differentiation. And there are many different ways to drive differentiation, whether its different styles, different categories, how the products are presented and so on, and so forth. But clearly an area of focus for us moving forward, we need to and we will drive a stronger differentiation across the channels that we operate in.
Jane Nielsen: Heather, I do think that the inventory discipline in the - and the buying process discipline that we put in place will enable us to differentiate product assortments, but also maintain of the SKU efficiency and inventory efficiencies that we've been able to drive over the last year. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Nancy Hilliker: Hi, everyone. This is Nancy Hilliker on for Ike. Great job.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Nancy Hilliker: Our question - hi. Our question is obviously, you had an amazing gross margin in the quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about more about puts and takes in the back half? And given the shift, what we should expect, any into the quarters for gross margin and also actually for SG&A as well?
Jane Nielsen: So, Nancy, as we look at gross margin in the second quarter, we feel that we'll have gross margin expansion in the second half of at least 150 basis points. So as we move forward and we're seeing our gross margin trends, we've been confident in moving up that guidance on gross margin. What you'll see in the second half in terms of SG&A is a real shift in the fourth quarter where we are going to be investing in new stores, but most notably, marketing. Jonathan Bottomley, our new Head of Marketing, has been on board. And we have a Polo campaign coming out and some real amplification in marketing. In fact, if you look at our marketing spend, as you can see in the Q, that's been down in the first half, and it's going to be up significantly in the second half, around double-digit in the third quarter, but up significantly in the fourth quarter. As we really believe marketing and telling our story is a great opportunity for us and a great opportunity to really get back to telling our story to position us for growth. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Rick Patel with Needham & Company. You may ask your question.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on the progress.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Rick Patel: A follow-up question on expenses. So you talked about investments in marketing, product and stores. Can you dig a little deeper and talk about which geographies will receive the most investment? I'm curious about how you're weighing investment in North America, which is your most challenging market right now, versus investing in growth areas like Asia? And if I can squeeze in a quick housekeeping one, any updates to report on tourism given the changes in FX? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Of course. So on the expense side, and as we think about investments by market, obviously, with our growth focus in Asia, that market will need more marketing. The marketing we've put is very effective, as Patrice noted. Our top-of-mind awareness in China is very high and really is another thing that gives us confidence for growth. So you'll see marketing go up in China. Also, as we called out in our store profile, most of the new doors that are being opened are being opened in Asia, and most of the concessions that we're opening this year will be opened in Asia. So capital will be shifting to the China market as we build out. You'll also see capital going into Europe as we realize the opportunity for some greater store penetration in Europe, as well as some marketing. In North America, what the focus in capital will be is more refurbishment, how do we refresh our store environment. We're fully, although there'll be some close store here opened ones there, but it really our opportunity is to show up really well in North America and give some of our stores the love that they deserve in terms of refurbishment. You'll see marketing also in the U.S. I think we have to get back to telling our story in the U. S. Notably, on our digital site, as we - now that the - we're switched on our platform, you're going to see, especially in the third - later third and fourth quarter, more digital assets show up in marketing on our digital sites, but also telling our story in the market but in a much more digitally savvy social media way.
Patrice Louvet: There is a question, actually the latest data in North America for our U.S. retail stores, basically, sales are down low single digits. And in our European stores, sales were down from tourists mid-single digits. So, better in North America than we've seen in the long, long time actually this past quarter. In Europe, it's still pretty stable in mid down mid-singles.
Jane Nielsen: Trend continues in this quarter was up nicely, so it's encouraging.
Patrice Louvet: Yes.
Jane Nielsen: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Roberts on behalf of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. You may ask your question.
Andrew Roberts: Hi. Good morning. So I guess, you guys launched T-mall and JD.com this quarter. I was wondering if you guys could give us any update on your thoughts of launching on Amazon in North America and elsewhere?
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Andrew. So let me rewind a little bit on your question just to give the bigger picture on how we're seeing e-commerce, and I will answer your question. As I mentioned earlier, so e-commerce is very clearly critical for our future growth. This is going to be the way for us to reach the consumers, where they are, in the most effective way to drive - to build the brand and to drive the business. I talked about the three buckets that we have, our own site, wholesales.com and pure players. When we look at pure players, the model we really like is actually the T-mall model where we manage our own shop in the - on their marketplace and we have a digital storefront for the brand. That's the model we're excited about. So we continue to evaluate online partners including the one you just quoted. So we want to make sure we win in this channel. But we're also looking to do it in a way that we can build a brand and that we can show up the way the brand is intended to show up. So nothing new to report on Amazon in particular.
Evren Kopelman: We will take one last question.
Operator: The last question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie. You may ask your question.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Jane, I want to ask about the North American wholesale business I think it was mentioned it was down 22% and 70% of that was driven by active measures. How should we think about those metrics for the third and fourth quarter and potentially beyond?
Jane Nielsen: So we're comfortable with our guidance in terms of our total wholesale outlook, and specifically for North America, as we said. We expect that we'll see wholesale end the year in about the same range that you saw in Q2, so we're down about 22% Q2. I expect the full year will look about similar as our cleanup continues through the third and fourth quarter. We are encouraged by what we see as progress on execution. Our underlying comp rate, as we view it, is in the mid to high single digits, and we know what we have product and marketing that we need to focus on as well as the store refreshments to change that trend as we move into FY 2019. So about similar to the year to what you saw in this quarter, but I think that the pretty stable underlying comp trend that we are looking to address as we look at all the vectors product marketing and stores.
Patrice Louvet: Good. So we're going to close here. Thank you all for joining our call this morning. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp. Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp. Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.
Analysts: Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Simeon Avram Siegel - Instinet LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's first quarter fiscal 2018 conference call. With me today are Patrice Louvet, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees. And our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations' website. And now, I will turn the call over to Patrice.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Evren, Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. It's great to be at the company and partner with Ralph and the entire team. The last few weeks have been exciting for me as I spent time in the marketplace and had the chance to meet with many of our team members as well as our consumers, wholesale partners and key industry opinion leaders. What is clear to me is that we have an iconic brand, a passionate team and a lot of opportunity ahead. Seizing our opportunity requires us to evolve how our iconic brand is experienced and expressed to win the hearts and minds of consumers globally. It's something Ralph and I are deeply committed to. As you can see in this quarter's results, we're making good progress with setting a strong foundation for future growth. The team continues to deliver on our commitments to improve quality of sales and distribution, with increased efficiency. On my first call with you, I thought it would be valuable to share what motivated me to join the company, my observations to-date and our areas of focus to get back to growth and value creation. Then, I'll turn it over to Jane to walk through the details of the quarter and our guidance. At the end, we'll take your questions together. To start, I've long admired Ralph and I am honored to partner with him. We are both committed to preserving the essence of our brand, while actively evolving it to renew long-term growth, profitability and returns. To achieve that, Ralph and I are clear on how we will partner together. Ralph is the Chief Creative Officer in charge of the creative brand aesthetic decisions. As CEO, I will lead the company's strategy, execution and business results. Ralph has already been a great partner, and I could not be more enthusiastic about our collaboration. I appreciate the confidence and latitude he has given me in leading this company forward. During this time of transformation for our industry and our business, I am confident we will accomplish a great deal together. Our opportunity is to take an iconic brand and advance it in ways that drive new growth and value in an industry that is undergoing unprecedented change. Our experiences and expertise will be a powerful and winning combination. People who know me well describe me as a builder of both brands and teams. Building up people and teams to accomplish amazing things motivates me. I believe this is one reason Ralph and I click. He was looking for somebody to come in, understand what makes this place so unique and special, and build boldly from that point. I am also committed to objectively evaluating the business and identifying both the strengths on which we can build and the areas that need focused attention and improvement. I am passionate about building brands that consumers love. To do that, we must understand the target consumer, his or her interests and motivations, clearly define what the brand stands for in today's world and then, most importantly, connect the two in a way in which the brand becomes irresistible. To say the retail industry is at an inflection point would be an understatement. Technology has transformed the way consumers shop and connect with retail brands. Retail store closures are near a 20-year high as the fundamental shift to e-commerce continues. To stand out and compete in this environment, consumers expect an omnichannel shopping experience that's unlike anything they've seen before. While not easy, I see it as our job to redefine the shopping experience of the future. All these changes are creating challenges, but they're also creating opportunity. The Ralph Lauren brand was built on a belief that we all dream of living a fulfilling life, a life that makes you feel good. I think that is a universally-aspirational ideal. It's an idea that transcends boundaries and generations. And it's as relevant today as it has ever been. Our role is to make it feel vivid and exciting today for consumers everywhere, from Boston to Barcelona to Beijing. We are starting with a great foundation. Our brand is iconic and the underlying fundamentals of our business are solid. I am focused on continuing to execute on the operational improvements that were part of the Way Forward Plan, and the team is making good progress in driving efficiencies and improving the quality of our sales by reducing excess discounts, excess inventory, supply chain lead times, unproductive distribution in SKUs, as well as aligning our creative more closely with the consumer. Further, I've been incredibly impressed by the caliber and dedication of the people here at Ralph Lauren. We have a team of talented and hardworking employees who are eager to get back to winning. And with their enthusiastic support, we will push ahead to create more value for our shareholders. It is too early to talk about the evolution of our strategy; however, as I start to work with the team, we have a strong focus on growth that creates value. We are focused on exploring our opportunities in becoming more digital and more global, as well as how we evolve and elevate the offerings and experiences we provide to consumers in order to drive growth. It is important to note that we will balance driving growth with improving efficiencies. We aim to increase our productivity by continuing to simplify and streamline our operations company-wide so we can invest in growth. With the consumer as our touchstone, we're also going to focus on how we work as an organization, so our employees are more empowered, more connected and more energized. Getting culture right is critical for us. In closing, as I shared earlier, we are eager to evolve how the brand is experienced and expressed to win the hearts and minds of consumers globally. While our transformation is in its early days, we are progressively strengthening our position to create new value and renew long-term growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Jane to walk you through the details of the quarter and I'll join her at the end to answer your questions. Thank you,
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Patrice, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by saying that our entire team is thrilled to welcome Patrice to the company. He joins at a critical moment when we are executing on initiatives to strengthen the foundation of our business that will allow us to position for future growth. Our first quarter results demonstrate the strong and continued progress we are making in this area. As you know, last year, we started the important work of enhancing our operational efficiencies by improving our cost structure, evolving towards a demand-driven sell-through culture and improving our quality of sales and distribution. As we started this fiscal year, we are encouraged by the progress in the first quarter and are confident that our efforts are the right ones to lay the groundwork for our future growth initiatives. Let me take you through the key strategic and financial highlights of the first quarter. This quarter, we continued to deliver against our strategy to drive quality of sales and elevate our brand. Key areas of operational focus were: aligning receipts to underlying demand; reducing promotion frequency and depth; optimizing our distribution; and improving our inventory position with increased productivity. Our financial results were consistent with this focused execution. As you saw in our press release, revenues declined 13%, in line with guidance. Adjusted operating margin was 10.2%, 200 basis points above last year and above our guidance of 9.5% to 10% in constant currency. Gross margin also reflected this work and was up 210 basis points to last year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, the gross margin was 260 basis points better than last year. Importantly, we are delivering both average unit retail increases and discount rate reductions. Across our global retail network, discount rates were down and AUR was up almost 4%. Gross margin also benefited from favorable geographic and channel mix, as our high gross margin international and retail businesses represented a large percentage of sales compared to last year. We expect these factors to drive gross margin expansion for the remainder of the year. This work has come in conjunction with continued progress on rightsizing our cost structure. Operating expenses were down 13% to last year in the first quarter. This was driven by: one, streamlining the organization to reduce head count; two, closing unprofitable stores; and three, changing product development processes through SKU optimization. We are on track with our expense savings targets for the year, and this will allow us to invest some of the savings into product, marketing and distribution renovations to drive future sales growth and improve the customer experience. Our current and upcoming product marketing initiatives highlight our iconic core products, emphasize the core values of the brand, while adding interest and newness. As an example, last month, we launched our new limited-edition Polo shirt collection. We are releasing a new shirt every month through November; each inspired by one of our signature design motifs. The launch is supported by social media as we collaborate with influencers on Instagram. Our goal for this program is to position our Polo shirt as an item to covet, reach a new consumer and garner fashion editorial coverage of our icon. We also recently introduced our new fragrance, Ralph Lauren Woman. The face of this new fragrance is two-time Oscar-nominated actress, Jessica Chastain. Digital and social media support for the launch started in July and the product is available this month. In September, we will launch our new global family marketing campaign with strong outdoor and digital components. This, too, highlights Ralph Lauren's core values that our brand is built on. Moving on to our segment highlights, as you know, we are now reporting under our new segments, North America, Europe and Asia. This offers increased visibility into our sales and profitability by region and increased transparency into the development of our business and the progress of our initiatives around the globe. In North America, we continued to execute our plan to come back to profitable growth. Revenue was down 17% in the first quarter and reflected important progress across our quality of sales initiatives. As a result, we expanded gross margin and prudently reduced expenses, delivering 110 basis points of expansion in adjusted operating margin. In North America wholesale, we continued our work to right-size our business for the long-term health of the brand. We strategically reduced shipments to better align with underlying demand, exited brands, lowered our sales to the off-price channel and closed underperforming doors. We are on track to close 20% to 25% of our U.S. department store points of distribution by the second half of FY 2018. We are about halfway through these closures as of the end of the first quarter. These deliberate actions accounted for almost 20 points of the 27% decline in U.S. wholesale in the quarter. Consumer demand and channel dynamics remained a challenge as well. To address this and improve the positioning of our brand, we are investing in refreshing our wholesale store environments to improve the consumer experience and we are evolving our product and marketing to turn around this trend. The sweet spot of U.S. wholesale is their growing digital business. Our retail sales on our U. S. department store customers' websites continue to post positive growth versus last year and as a percentage of our total department store business. We will continue to drive growth through our online partners in FY 2018 and evolve our digital strategy to move with the consumer where, how and when they choose to shop. Moving on to our directly-operated e-commerce business in North America, we are aggressively addressing our high level of promotion activity to both ensure price coherency across our channels and to enhance the overall brand and shopping experience in this, our most important door. These actions in North America drove strong gross margin expansion of 220 basis points to last year; however, they put significant pressure on revenue. North America e-commerce comps were down 22% in the first quarter, reflecting lower levels of promotion activity. To improve the consumer experience online and move beyond promotion-led sales, one of our key digital initiatives is the transition of our platform to a cloud-based solution. With our new consumer interface, we will continue to directly operate and fulfill our e-commerce business with reduced transaction friction for our consumers, improved ability to execute dynamic changes and enhanced omnichannel capabilities. We are on track to launch by the second half of fiscal 2018. This solution will deliver a more brand-enhancing and consistent experience for customers and provide a more flexible and nimble solution for us. Moving on to our international regions, in Europe, in constant currency, revenue was down 10% in the first quarter; however, adjusted operating margin was up 90 basis points. Wholesale revenue in Europe was down 28% in the first quarter. About half of this decline was due to a shift in timing of shipments to bring delivery closer to demand. Brand exits and reduced off-price sales accounted for the remainder of the decline. Excluding these factors, the underlying trend of the Europe wholesale business is flattish. In Europe, retail sales were flat to last year in constant currency, with comps down 8% as we continued our work with quality of sales initiatives. While this ongoing work impacted comp growth negatively in the first quarter, it drove an 8% increase in AUR, 500 basis point decline in discount rate and 500 basis points of gross margin improvement across our retail network. This contributed to the improvement in operating margin for Europe. And we will continue this strategy for the remainder of the year. In Asia, in constant currency, revenue was up 1% in the first quarter and adjusted operating margin was up 610 basis points. As we mentioned on previous calls, we have been focused on improving quality of sales in Asia over the past 12 to 18 months. We are beginning to see comp stabilize in the region. And in the first quarter, they were up 2% in constant currency, driven by increased traffic. Quality of sales metrics continued to be strong as well. Average unit retails were up. Discount rates were down and gross margin was up significantly in Asia. We expect continued comp growth as we upgrade our distribution network and continue our marketing initiatives to amplify the brand, specifically by increasing engagement with celebrities and influencers in Asia. Turning to our store fleet, we continued to improve our retail network in the first quarter through closure of underperforming locations and opening new stores with improved adjacencies. We opened six and closed five standalone stores. And in concessions, we opened nine and closed four doors, ending the quarter with 467 standalone stores and 624 concessions on a global basis. At year-end, we expect our standalone network of doors to be about flat to last year and have a net increase of 35 to 40 concessions, primarily in Asia. Moving on to the balance sheet, our progress with our plan is reflected in our strengthened inventory and cash positions. At the end of the first quarter, inventory declined 31% to $860 million versus last year. This inventory reduction is driven by prior-year restructuring actions and more effective buying processes, including a proactive pullback in receipts. We will continue to focus on inventory productivity and matching inventory flows with demand. We ended the first quarter with approximately $1.7 billion in cash and short and long-term investments, up from $1.2 billion at the end of last year's first quarter. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $590 million. Now, I'd like to turn to guidance for the full year and the second quarter of fiscal 2018. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and other charges. We are reiterating our guidance for fiscal 2018. We continue to expect revenues to decline 8% to 9% for the year, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Brand and distribution exits in both wholesale and retail account for approximately half the decline, with quality of sales initiatives and challenging traffic trends representing the remainder. We expect the sales trend to improve as we move through the year. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency is now expected to have minimal impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2018. This is more favorable than our previous guidance of 150 basis points of negative impact. As you know, over the last several months, the euro has strengthened against the U.S. dollar. While clearly volatile, we are now assuming a euro, U.S. dollar exchange rate to be 1.14 versus our previous assumption of 1.06. The change in our euro, U.S. dollar exchange rate assumptions is much more impactful on our sales growth than on our gross and operating margins. This is a result of our approach to hedging. We hedge our transaction risk, but not our translation risk. Our hedging programs for our inventory purchases enables us to have less volatility for our margin from exchange rate movements. We continue to expect operating margin for fiscal 2018 to be 9% to 10.5%, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency is now expected to pressure operating margin for fiscal 2018 by approximately 40 to 50 basis points, less than the 50 to 75 basis points we guided to in May. For the second quarter, we expect revenues to be down 9% to 10%, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Based on current exchange rates, the foreign currency is expected to pressure revenue growth by about 40 basis points in the second quarter. Operating margin for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 is expected to be up 40 to 60 basis points, excluding currency impacts. Foreign currency is estimated to pressure operating margin by approximately 40 basis points. As we move through FY 2018, we expect SG&A declines to moderate as we begin to lap last year's reductions and start to invest in growth initiatives around products, marketing and store concepts that demonstrate high potential for returns. We believe this is the right decision for the long-term, as we balance near-term margin pressure with setting up the company to return to growth. In addition, our SG&A rate is affected by sales mix shifts. Similar to gross margin, as retail becomes a larger percentage of our mix, it pressures our SG&A rate because retail has a much higher SG&A rate than wholesale. As a reminder, we record all our store occupancy and payroll expenses in our SG&A line. It is also worth noting that FX is becoming less of a tailwind and, in fact, is turning into a headwind for SG&A. In terms of restructuring and other charges, we continue to expect approximately $200 million for the year. We recognized $47 million of the charges in the first quarter. Regarding tax rates, as a reminder, the adoption of the new accounting standard, ASU 2016-09 for the accounting of employee share-based payments, affects our effective tax rate and increases its variability, with one of the key variables being the price of our stock. Our tax rate guidance assumes a stock price of $78 per share for the remainder of the year. We expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 to be approximately 24% to 25% and for the second quarter to be approximately 24%, including ASU [2016-09]. The guidance for fiscal 2018 tax rate is lower than previously forecasted. This is due to recent favorable movements in foreign exchange rates, as we now expect to generate a larger portion of our earnings from jurisdictions where our earnings are taxed at a lower rate than the U.S. In addition, there were some modest favorable adjustments to our tax reserves that resulted in a net benefit to full-year forecasted effective tax rate. Let's me finish by reviewing our priorities for cash and capital structure. In times of dynamic change, a strong balance sheet is a strategic asset. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and investment grade credit rating to provide strategic flexibility, liquidity and access to capital markets. Within that context, our first priority for cash is to invest in our business and lay the foundation for future profitable growth. Our second priority is to return capital to shareholders, with a commitment to maintaining our dividend. Excess cash flow beyond current and future investment and dividend needs will be considered for future potential share repurchases. We are not planning share repurchases for fiscal 2018. We make this determination based on the cash needs of our business, sector dynamics and with consideration for the uncertain environment around U.S. tax reform. We continue to expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2018 to be approximately $300 million, driven by select new store openings, renovation of our retail environments and infrastructure investment. In closing, we are moving in the right direction. And I am incredibly proud of our team of 23,000 committed, passionate and dedicated Ralph Lauren employees around the globe. Together, we are committed to creating a strong foundation to evolve this iconic brand, consistent with Ralph's enduring vision. With Patrice's leadership, we will continue to intensely focus on execution as we, together, create a pathway toward sustainable growth. With that, let's open up the call for your questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, Jane, and welcome, Patrice.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Morning.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. Patrice, so you're inheriting the company's Way Forward Plan. I guess my question is, will you continue to implement the plan as it currently stands or maybe after taking a hard look at it, do you see any opportunities to tweak the original strategy in any way?
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning, Ike, great question. Listen, I think the Way Forward Plan is an operationally sound way to run the business. So, we remain fully committed to it and trust that we're not going to miss a beat when it comes to executing both the operations and the efficiency interventions that we've called out. I'm actually very proud of the team's progress with setting a strong foundation for future growth, whether that's the work on improving the quality of sales or distribution, whether that's the reduction in excess inventory and SKUs and also the progress that you've seen on efficiencies. Now, we also know that if we look at the future, we're going to have the balance progress on productivity with revenue growth. And so moving forward, while we'll continue to drive the operational and efficiency elements of the Way Forward Plan, we're going to put more emphasis on the revenue growth dimension of our program moving forward. And specifically here, I'd call out a few things. One is we're exploring our opportunities to become more digital. We're also looking at our opportunities to be more global, because this brand obviously has incredible relevance around the world. And then Ralph and I are very committed to make sure that we evolve how this iconic brand is expressed, how it's experienced to really win the hearts and minds of consumers around the world. So that's kind of the focus on the growth pieces, early thoughts. We will obviously continue to drive productivity, and the focus here will be on continuing to simplify and streamline our operations company-wide. And then, the focus on how we work is also important to me and to Ralph and to us as leaders of this company. So you'll also see us put more emphasis on new ways of working. Initial thoughts are going to be around making sure our teams are more connected, our teams feel more empowered and, ultimately, we increase the level of energy that we have across all 23,000 employees of the company.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay, next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS. You may ask your question.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter and nice to hear your voice on the first call, Patrice.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Let me just ask, I guess, two questions. First on the guidance for the year, Jane, it looks like with the second quarter, the EBIT margins are going to be up about 80 to 100 [basis points], if we ignore currency. But then, if we just back out the second half from the year, it looks like the guidance [ph] is for the (33:15) margins be down quite significantly in the back half. I know you said the year-over-year SG&A improvement will moderate through the year. Maybe just a little bit more on are you leaving room in the back half due to some kind of uncertainties on the top-line or is it truly that we expect to accelerate the investments for growth? And then, secondly, you guys talked a lot about how you're thinking about the net revenue outlook for the year and moving towards quality of sale initiatives, reducing levels of discounting, but I think most people are wondering when you think at this point revenues could return to growth. Are you seeing anything in your conversations as you start to look out into the spring and fall of next year where you're starting to get some traction with product where you could say to yourself, look, there's a point on the horizon where we think all this work we're doing is out of the way and we could return to revenue growth?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Well, certainly, I'll try to unpack your question, Michael.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you, Jane.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: But certainly, as I look near-in for the balance of this year, as I said, we're very comfortable with our guidance. As we look at the top-line, there's no change to the top-line. We do see gross margin as we move through the second half of the year that will have at least 100 basis points of gross margin expansion. Now, with the guidance that we've given in terms of what SG&A will be down in the second quarter, we see operating margin expansion coming out of that. As we move into the second half, we'll have that continued 100 basis points of gross margin, but we expect that our SG&A will be flattish. And with that, that brings us to our overall guidance that you will see some compression on a constant currency basis in operating margin. As we look longer-term, I think you've heard Patrice very, very clearly and passionately state, we are looking to balance efficiency with getting back to growth, but it has to be sustainable, profitable growth. And, at this time, we're not ready to call the inflection point precisely. That is the question. We do think that we're building a plan that will return us to growth, and we'll come back and give you more specifics on the timing as we move forward.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay, next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. You may ask your question.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks, good morning.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Morning.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Good morning. I wanted to ask you about social media. I think, Jane, maybe you mentioned it in one of your prepared remarks and I'd love to get Patrice's views on the topic as well. It seems like it's a growing channel for connecting with consumers and a marketing channel, if you will. How are you guys thinking about it and other digital marketing activities? And, Jane, I also think I heard you mention, I don't know if it was accelerating growth or strong growth from the digital platforms of some of your wholesale partners. I thought that was an interesting comment, given the just general challenges of the wholesale channel. Thanks.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So, Omar, nice to meet you on the phone. Let me maybe just step back on how we look at e-commerce and online brand-building and, hopefully, that will address both of your questions. So first of all, the way we look at the e-commerce opportunity is really through three lenses. The first one is our own site, and I'll come back to that in a second. The second one is our retailers' sites. And then, the third one are the pure plays. So if you look at the plan on our own site, I think this has been talked in the past, but we're in the process of completely transforming our RalphLauren.com site. And we expect by the end of the fiscal year to have something that we're excited about, both in terms of brand-building and in terms of e-commerce, right. The expectation really for the team is this site needs to be our flagship. It's the kind of flagship store of the future, and it hasn't been that in the past. So there's an important pivot there. And then, obviously, we need it to be an e-commerce machine. As far as our retailers' .com operations are concerned, I've had the chance with my first couple of weeks on the business to actually meet with the CEOs of a number of our top retail partners. And it's actually been exciting to see the focus they're putting on e-commerce and some of the numbers some of them are posting, right, which is actually quite strong. So we want to make sure we're taking advantage of that momentum and working very closely with our retail partners on the way the brand shows up, both again from the brand-building standpoint, our storytelling and from a e-commerce standpoint. Then the third area is pure plays, which is obviously growing significantly. And we're starting to participate in that. We just signed with zulily a few weeks ago. And you can expect us to expand our presence among the pure players, both here in North America and around the world. And then we double-click on social media. You heard in our remarks that Ralph and I are really committed to evolving how the brand is expressed and experienced. And, obviously, social media, Omar, you're absolutely right, has got to be a key part of that. We have a new CMO, a new global CMO that came in a few months ago, who's dead-focused on understanding the landscape, getting super clear on which consumers we really go want to after and then leveraging all the social media platforms that you can think of, both here and around the world, because this is how we will further modernize the brand and really make it even more relevant to the younger populations coming into the market.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah, Omar, I just thought I'd give you some dimension on what we see across our wholesale e-commerce business, both department stores and pure plays, that it's about $0.5 billion business for us at retail value globally, about 10% of our total wholesale business in FY 2017. That's an important part of our digital ecosphere, if you will, and it's growing in the first quarter and has been growing, so very positive trend there. As we look at our own e-commerce site, I think we've been really clear about two things. One is job one this entire year is reducing the promotions on the site. You're going to see that. You saw that in the first quarter. You'll see that through the year in terms of the pressure that will have on sales growth. It's critical to deliver price coherency in the market. It's critical from a pricing architecture standpoint, so we're committed to doing that through the year. The growth is going to come as we launch, as we move out of this fiscal year and into the next year and we right-size that pricing architecture and that promotion base. And that will be enhanced by our new e-commerce platform, where we're going to have a better consumer experience and better digital assets and storytelling on the site. And you'll see that as we move through the second half of the year. So I think we are very excited about this space. We are putting resources on it for both our wholesale partners and for ourselves. But it's really going to be FY 2019 when you'll start to see that show up in the top-line numbers. You will see it show up in improved margins, as you're seeing.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay, next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. You may ask your question.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone, and welcome, Patrice.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Dana.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: As you think about the business and as you evaluated it, how do you view the channels of distribution for the business over time? And how should they look maybe different or evolve from where they are today? And, Jane, the gross margin improvement opportunity going forward, how do you see that evolving, whether it's lead times, speed to market and e-commerce? Thank you.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So very nice to meet you, Dana. First, I would say, we're going to follow the consumer, right? We're going to be driven by where the consumer wants to shop and we will be wherever it makes sense for the brand to show up and where the consumer wants to experience it. So we have an omnichannel play, which we're going to continue to drive. And I expect all these channels will continue to play an important role moving forward, whether that's department stores. Yes, they're under pressure right now, but there's a lot of work going on to also improve the experience that consumers have there. So obviously, that continues to be an important channel for us. Our own stores, whether it's our factory stores or our full-price stores and then, obviously, e-commerce, as we were just talking in the context of Omar's question. And then, there is a role for off-price to play within our overall strategy. So I expect this to continue to drive across these channels. Obviously, the relative size of them and growth rates will vary over time and will vary by country and by region. But we're committed to making sure that we are set up to win, where the consumer wants to shop consistently moving forward.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Dana, as I look at gross margin, that dynamic that Patrice just described, which is really that you're going to see digital be a long-term driver of growth as well as direct-to-consumer overall. And so that will play positively into what you'll see in terms of long-term gross margin expansion. Also, the international opportunity is a tailwind long-term to gross margin expansion. I expect those to be both durable and long-term. They'll play into our gross margin expansion this year and also into the long-term. What's also playing into gross margin, as we talked about the at least 100 basis points of expansion as we look at balance of year, is our AUR improvements and promotion reduction in terms of depth and frequency, and that's also a tailwind through this year of gross margin expansion. As we, long-term, pursue our strategy and execute the strategy to elevate the brand, I do see AUR also as a long-term driver to gross margin expansion.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I had two questions. Patrice, you talked about in your opening remarks a need and a desire to redefining the shopping experience for consumers. Can you give us a little more detail on what that means to you? What is a redefined shopping experience in all the key channels you talk about doing business? And then, secondly, for Jane, you talked about in your prepared remarks also that excluding certain actions in Europe, shipment timing, et cetera, European, I think you said wholesale sales, were roughly flattish. Do you have that detail for North America? In other words, excluding some of your inventory actions, et cetera, what is the trend for wholesale, for sales at retail at your wholesale partners? Thank you.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning, Lindsay. So I'll probably be in a better position to answer your question a few months from now. But the way I'm thinking about it with the team is how do we further engage the consumer in our brand, really find a way to tell our story, going well beyond just selling items, but really telling our story and portraying the world that we offer and then closing the sale, all right, closing the sale and driving loyalty. So all these are that's the general conceptual direction, I'd reserve the right to get back to you in our next call with more granularity as we work through the plans with the team.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So, Lindsay, just to parse your question now, in Europe, as we looked at the shipment timing, that accounted for about half of the decline in the wholesale sales this quarter. The other half was really brand exits and reduced off-price. And that, if we exclude that, that's how we get to be about flattish wholesale trend in wholesale, and really what we expect to see roughly as we move through the year. And as I look at North America, and we step back from overall wholesale, so we declined 27 points in the quarter. About 20 was really attributable to what I would say is brand exits, a pullback in receipts and door closures. Those three factors were about 20 points of the decline. So if you look at that over time, we're looking at wholesale underlying trends at about down mid to high single digits.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie. You may ask your question.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. And welcome, Patrice. It's nice to see continued progress around the gross margin, but I wanted to ask about the SG&A margins. First, near-term, can you possibly quantify in dollar terms the key buckets which drove the 13% decline in this quarter? And secondly, longer-term, where do you think SG&A margins can go? As you invest in marketing and product creation, are there any SG&A buckets where synergies can be gained in order to offset these investments?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Sure. So as I think about, in the first quarter, where did the benefit come, it really is in terms of we saw a significant reduction in payroll, reduction in occupancy expenses associated with the store closures that we completed, a reduction in depreciation and then some trimming of what you'd expect, consulting expenses, T&E, rounded out the reductions. But if I had to prioritize them, it would be in that sort of ingredient label order. As we look at longer-term efficiencies, what I think is clear is that we're committed to elevating this brand. And that implies that as we get back to growth, that marketing will grow hand-in-hand with growth. But we do believe there are opportunities for streamlining and efficiencies through our operating processes, through production processes, through streamlined and better leverage of our distribution facilities. And, of course, the ultimate lever is comp growth, which will leverage our fixed costs infrastructure. But that's where I see the longer-term opportunity.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Simeon Siegel with Nomura Securities. You may ask your question.
Simeon Avram Siegel - Instinet LLC: Thanks, good morning. Congrats on the progress.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you.
Simeon Avram Siegel - Instinet LLC: So, Patrice, your comments on the growing digital in the pure plays, Amazon, obviously, comes up in just a few conversations. Can you share your view there? And then, congrats on the strong gross margin. Could you just quantify what mix shifts were and then what you'd expect them to be for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning, Simeon. So, yes, obviously, I know Amazon is top-of-mind for all of you and it is for all of us, obviously, as well. So going back to our strategy, we are looking at these three buckets: Our own site, our wholesale .com and pure plays. Within pure plays, we're actually doing a very thorough exercise, as we speak, both for North American and around the globe to understand where we need to show up, where is the consumer shopping, what's the better fit for our brand. And so nothing to announce at this point, but know that we're actively working through what are the right pure play partnerships for this business moving forward.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes, and just as I look at drivers of gross margin expansion in the quarter, about half of it was channel and geographic mix. And the other half was really driven by what I will call pricing and promotion reductions and AUR improvements. And those dynamics, I expect them to continue through the year with about that level of contribution.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. You may ask your question.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks, good morning and welcome, Patrice.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Erinn.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: I guess, Patrice, I had a question for you. I know you've been there just a few months. But when you take a step back and just think about the prognosis of the Ralph Lauren brand, how do you think about it as it relates to today's millennials and keeping the brand relevant? It just seems like that's a cohort of consumers that's been a little bit harder to reach in the last few years. And then, Jane, just for you, in North America, as it relates to international tourist flows, what did you see during the first quarter? Thanks.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning, Erinn, a very good question on the millennial consumer. Well, I kind of step back, and Ralph and I have actually had a number of conversations on this that says, okay, what are the core values of the Ralph Lauren brand, all right. And we would say they're entrepreneurship, creativity, stylish living and authenticity, and all that is coupled with a very rich heritage of real storytelling. All of that is timeless, right, if you think through the values that are relevant to today's consumer, millennials would raise their hand and say that makes lot of sense to them. The second thing I would say is as we look at the millennial consumer, is that they are looking for meaning in brands. Again, they are not just buying a product. They're buying into a world. They're buying into a set of values. And they place a lot of emphasis on where do you come from, what do you stand for, what's your story, what are your values, are you giving back to the world. I think, again, the Ralph Lauren brand is incredibly well-positioned on this whole meaning space. So the challenge for us is, okay, with these strong value foundations, with this sense of meaning, how do we translate it today for that consumer group, right? And that's the work Ralph and I and the team are committed to. That's why we talk about evolving and elevating the way the brand is expressed and experienced, because we know we are going to have to make some changes in terms of how we engage the consumer, where we engage the consumer. Go back to the earlier conversation we're having on social media, back to the earlier discussion we're having on driving digital harder because we know a number of the millennial consumers are not interested in going into brick-and-mortar. But I feel very confident coming in with the foundations of this brand. And now the challenge and the task for us, and I'm very confident we can do this well, is to translate it in a way that connects with today's consumers and the millennial population coming up.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And, Erinn, just in terms of the foreign tourist trends that we're seeing, as we normalize for some of the calendar pushes and pulls as we move through 2017, really, 2017 foreign tourist traffic, we saw down about 15%. And we're seeing some positive signs. Foreign tourist traffic is still down in the first quarter, but really in the high single-digit range. So again, some improvement as you normalize out of last year and adjust for some of the calendar shifts from down 15% to down high single-digit.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay, we'll take one last question.
Operator: The last question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Jane, could you provide an update on the design cycles and how you're feeling about the progress on speeding design cycles in speed to market?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: We feel great. We are on track to deliver what we said, which was 90% of our product in a nine month timeframe. And additionally, we are looking to have 35% of our product now on a six month timeframe. So we're very encouraged by the work that we're doing. We know it gives us greater ability to read the market and react to the market and manage our inventory flows productively, so very encouraged with that.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And I would second that. And I think as I've engaged with the teams, we have real energy to continuously raise the bar. So, as Jane's mentioned, we're making great progress against the original targets that we had set for ourselves. We're not going to stop there, all right. We're going to continue to raise the bar till ultimately we get into a best-in-class position across the board for lead times.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good. Well, listen, this closes out our call. Thank you for joining us, and then we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thanks. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-05-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer Evren Kopelman - Investor Relations
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Corinna Van Der Ghinst - Citi Research Rosalie Frazier - Goldman Sachs Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Brian Tunick - RBC Capital Markets Michael Binetti - UBS Matthew Boss - JP Morgan Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley  John Kernan - Cowen and Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. If you should require assistance during the call, please press star then zero. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Laurens fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017 conference call. With me today is Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller.  During todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principle risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this mornings earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. Now I will turn the call over to Jane.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Evren, and good morning everyone. Im looking forward to reviewing our progress for the year in detail, but let me start with one of the most important developments, which Im sure you all saw yesterday. We have appointed a new President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrice Louvet.  Patrice is a highly seasoned and successful business leader. He most recently served as the Group President of Global Beauty at Procter & Gamble and has a strong track record of leading global businesses during this 25 year-plus career at P&G. He has a deep understanding of consumers and brands, a collaborative leadership style, and a passion to win in the marketplace. The team is ready to welcome him when he joins in July, and I am looking forward to partnering with him. Now let me turn to a review of our performance and future outlook. 2017 was an important year as we strengthened the foundation of the company. We created operational efficiencies by improving our cost structure, increased the productivity of our assortment, and improved quality of sales. Let me take you through some of the key achievements for the year, starting with product. We improved the productivity and profitability level of our assortment by cutting the unproductive styles. For both spring and fall 2017, we reduced the number of SKUs by 20% and focused our investments on our core iconic products. Second, we reduced our lead times. Fifty percent of our business is now on a nine-month lead time, and we are on track to get to 90% by the end of fiscal 2018. Importantly, we are driving improvements beyond the nine-month mark. For spring 2018, approximately 35% of our business will be at lead times of six months or less. Third, we have aligned inventory to demand. Inventory is 30% below prior year with improved turn. This has been achieved through both restructuring actions and a more effective buying process. In addition, since the start of our aggressive inventory management initiatives in Q2 17, we reduced our warehouse space by 13% with continued reductions planned for the first half of FY18. Fourth, our distribution is healthier. We closed 50 underperforming doors in our retail fleet and we are well on track to close 20 to 25% of our U.S. wholesale points of distribution by the second half of FY18. Fifth, our expense structure is more efficient. We reduced SG&A by $240 million in fiscal 2017. Our organization has reduced management layers from nine to six, with a 20% reduction in the executive population over the last two years. Additionally, we consolidated regional operations under a single international group to streamline costs and processes. This group will be led by Howard Smith, who recently served as President of the Asia-Pacific region. Howard has a track record of elevating the brand, driving sales growth, and improving operations during his 15-year career at Ralph Lauren. Lastly, we have recently added two key senior hires - Jonathan Bottomley, Chief Marketing Officer, who joins us from Vice Media, and Tom Mendenhall, Brand President for Menswear, who joins us from Tom Ford International. Jonathan will report to Patrice, our new CEO, and Tom reports to Valrie Hermann, our President of Global Brands. Now Ill turn to a quick review of our fourth quarter financials. This quarter, we continued to deliver against our strategy and commitment. As you saw in our press release, revenues declined 16%, in line with guidance. Excluding the impact of foreign currency and on a 13-week to 13-week basis, revenues were down 12% to last year. Adjusted operating margin was 6.5%, 10 basis points above last year and in line with our guidance of 6% to 6.5%. Adjusted operating margin was up 150 basis points excluding the impact of the 53rd week and foreign currency. Adjusted gross margin increased 90 basis points driven by improved quality of sales, reduced promotional activity, lower product cost, and favorable geographic and channel mix. This was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of approximately 90 basis points.  This quarter operating expenses, excluding restructuring and other charges, were down 12% to last year on a like-for-like basis. Expense initiatives drove the decrease. These included streamlining the organization to reduce headcount, changing product development processes to reduce costs, and closing unprofitable stores to improve the profitability of our fleet.  The tax rate for the fourth quarter was 27% on an adjusted basis, lower than our guidance for 30%. This was due to a geographic shift in expense mix driven by changes in our ecommerce platform development. Moving onto a review by geography, as we highlighted in our earnings release this morning, we are changing our reportable segments from wholesale, retail and licensing to North America, Europe and Asia, driven by significant organizational and operational changes weve implemented over the past 12 months. We will provide segment information under the new reportable segments for the past eight quarters in an 8-K that will be filed later today. We will also continue to give visibility to wholesale and retail sales trends going forward. All our comments today will be consistent with the change in our reportable segments. In North America, revenue was down 21% in the fourth quarter as we executed important quality sales initiatives as a part of our work to come back to high performance. Operating margin was down 200 basis points. In North America wholesale, we continued to strengthen our foundation by strategically reducing shipments to better align with underlying demand and to reduce inventory levels at our wholesale partners, all targeted to improve full price selling. We continued to reduce our sales in the off-price channel as we look to scale back this channel across our geographies.  These deliberate actions - pulling back on excess inventories, lowering sales to the off-price channel, executing door closures and exiting brands, coupled with challenging trends, resulted in wholesale revenue down 23% in the quarter. In our directly operated ecommerce business in North America, we took further actions to harmonize pricing and reduce promotions. Comps were down 20% in the fourth quarter, reflecting lower inventory units, reduced SKU count, and fewer promotional periods. While these initiatives created significant pressure on ecommerce revenue, they drove healthy gross margin expansion and importantly created greater price coherence in the region.  These are important first steps; however, more work remains through fiscal 2018 as we aggressively address our high level of promotion in this channel. This is an important component of a multifaceted program to both ensure promotional consistency across our channels and to enhance the overall brand and shopping experience in our most important door. Moving on to Europe, revenue was down 3% in constant currency in the fourth quarter primarily due to the 53rd week impact and calendar shifts that negatively impacted retail comps. Operating margin in Europe improved approximately 500 basis points in constant currency, excluding restructuring charges. In Asia, revenue was down 11% in constant currency in the fourth quarter primarily due to the 53rd week impact and store closures. Operating margin in Asia improved approximately 800 basis points versus prior year in constant currency, excluding restructuring charges. This was driven by an improved gross margin through lower discount rates and expense reduction initiatives. Across our international groups, we have focused throughout the year on improving quality of distribution and quality of sales. The majority of this work is behind us and we have a solid foundation in our international markets. We are also laying important groundwork for growth, including building on our relationships with digital pure play partners like Zozotown in Japan, and Zalando, Asos and mytheresa in Europe. In the fourth quarter, we successfully launched an exclusive collection with Zalando with a dedicated marketing campaign and weve seen strong sell-through so far. In Asia, we launched with Shinsegae and Hyundai Online in the fourth quarter.  Moving on to comparable store sales, in constant currency and on a like-for-like basis, comps were down 11%. Excluding calendar shifts related to both Christmas and Easter holidays, the underlying comp trend was down 8% in the fourth quarter, similar to the underlying trend of down 7% in the third quarter. Global ecommerce comps declined 16% in constant currency in the fourth quarter, impacted by the previously mentioned initiatives in North America. As these actions continue through fiscal 18, we are forecasting mid-teens decline in global ecommerce comps with lower discount rates and higher gross margins.  As you saw in our announcement last month, we are moving to a more flexible platform for our directly operated ecommerce business through a new collaboration with Salesforce Commerce Cloud. This new solution will deliver a more brand enhancing and consistent experience for our consumers with a lower total operating cost than the platform we were internally developing.  In concert with our actions in our directly operated ecommerce business, we continue to evolve our digital strategy to move with the consumer and drive growth through our online partners. Last year, global sales of our product across both our pure play and department store customers websites were approximately $500 million at retail, comparable to the sales volume of our directly operated ecommerce business. We expect continued growth with our digital partners in FY18. Turning to our store fleet, we achieved our goal and closed 54 underperforming doors in fiscal 2017, ending the year with 466 standalone stores and 619 concessions on a global basis. For fiscal 2018, we plan to open approximately five net new stores and 35 net new concessions driven by growth in Asia.  Moving onto the balance sheet, our progress with our plan is reflected in our inventory position. At the end of the fourth quarter, inventory declined 30% to $792 million versus last year. This inventory reduction is driven by both restructuring actions and an improvement in our operating processes, including a proactive pull-back in receipts and moving toward a demand-driven supply chain. We ended the fourth quarter with approximately $1.4 billion in cash and short-term investments, up from $1.1 billion at the end of last year. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $588 million, down from $713 million last year.  Capital expenditures for fiscal 17 were $284 million compared with $418 million in the prior year period. This was lower than guidance of $325 million primarily due to a shift in several retail projects into FY18 and an increased focus on return on investment. The year-over-year reduction is driven by lower IT and infrastructure investment. Regarding share repurchases in the fourth quarter, we repurchased $100 million of our stock, bringing full year 17 repurchases to $200 million, consistent with our communication in June.  Now let me review our restructuring activities. We are on track with our total savings targets from the initiatives we announced last June related to the Way Forward plan. In addition, we recently announced a new restructuring plan with estimated charges of $370 million throughout fiscal 18 and associated savings of approximately $140 million. Weve made good progress on these actions and are on track to deliver those savings by the end of fiscal 19. In the fourth quarter, we recognized $216 million of charges from this new plan. Total charges for the quarter were $370 million, of which about $120 million was cash. Now Id like to turn to guidance for fiscal 18. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring and other charges. Our work to strengthen the foundation of the business will continue in fiscal 2018 as we set the stage to bring demand back to the business. We expect revenue to decline 8% to 9% for the year excluding the impact of foreign currency. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to have approximately 150 basis points of negative impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2018. Brand and distribution exits in both wholesale and retail account for approximately half the decline, with quality of sales initiatives and challenging traffic trends representing the remainder. We expect the sales trend to improve as we move through the year. We expect operating margin for fiscal 2018 to be 9% to 10.5%, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to pressure operating margin for fiscal 2018 by 50 to 75 basis points.  Clearly there are many variables in play as we enter FY18. This guidance is grounded in that reality and reflects our decision to accelerate quality of sales initiatives while providing some flexibility to roll out products, marketing, and store concepts that demonstrate high potential for growth and returns. We believe this is the right decision for the long term as we balance near-term margin pressure with setting up the company to return to growth. For the first quarter, we expect revenues to be down low double digits, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Based on currency exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to pressure revenue growth by about 225 basis points in the first quarter. Operating margin for the first quarter of fiscal 2018 is expected to be about 9.5% to 10%, excluding currency impacts. Foreign currency is expected to pressure operating margin by about 75 basis points. Regarding tax rates, as noted in our press release this morning, we are adopting the new accounting standard ASU 2016-09 for the accounting of employee share-based payments. This will affect our effective tax rate and increase its variability, with one of the key variables being the price of our stock. Based on a stock price of $75 per share, the adoption of this standard is expected to raise the fiscal 2018 tax rate to approximately 28% and the first quarter rate to 33%. Without this impact, the effective tax rate would be approximately 25% for the year. This impact is most significant in the first and second quarters due to the timing of vesting and exercise of certain stock compensation.  Let me now review our priorities for cash and capital structure. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and investment-grade credit rating to provide strategic flexibility, liquidity and access to capital markets. Within that context, our first priority for cash is to invest in our business and to lay the foundation for future profitable growth. Our second priority is to return capital to shareholders with a commitment to maintaining our dividend. Excess cash flow beyond current and future investment and dividend needs will be considered for future potential share repurchases. Currently we are planning no share repurchases in fiscal 2018 as we evaluate the cash needs of our business, sector dynamics, and the uncertain environment around U.S. tax reform.  We expect capital expenditures for fiscal 18 to be $300 million to $320 million, driven by new store openings, renovation of our retail environments, and infrastructure investments.  In closing, we are moving in the right direction. We are creating a strong foundation to evolve this iconic brand and our business in a challenging environment. We remain intensely focused on our execution as we build a pathway to sustainable growth. Ralph, the board and I are thrilled to welcome Patrice to the company, where he joins a passionate, committed team of over 23,000 Ralph Lauren employees around the globe. With that, lets open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. 
Omar Saad: Morning, thanks for taking my question. 
Jane Nielsen: Sure, good morning, Omar.
Omar Saad: Hi Jane. Wanted to see if you guys could talk a little bit more about Patrices hiring and the thought process behind it, and maybe dive into a little bit more detail around why hes the right person for the job. Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Well you know, as you saw in the announcement yesterday, Patrice has a proven track record of leading major global consumer brands, and hes really an operator who has had a career thats focused on efficiency and effectiveness in the organizations hes run. He has transformed and grown brands like Olay and Pantene with a real focus on leveraging consumer insights. Hes a global citizen and has diverse experience across distribution channels, from ecommerce to wholesalers to retail, so he really has had a breadth of experience. Probably most importantly, he really has a collaborative leadership style, who can work in partnership with Ralph and the senior team to ensure that we can move forward on the front-facing part of our plan to get demand back to our business, so were all excited to welcome him.  I think Patrice knows well and appreciates the steps that weve taken over the last year as a part of the plan to improve our business, and hes fully supportive in continuing that work to create an effective business, to continue to focus on our value creating engines and to pivot to the consumer-facing side of our business in partnership with Ralph.
Evren Kopelman: Great. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Hi, good morning. Its actually Corinna Van Der Ghinst on for Kate. Hi Jane. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit more about the quality of sales initiatives that you guys have talked about in the past. I know youve discussed moving away from a more promotional model. I was just wondering how you see kind of the gross margin expectations for the year and also qualitatively where have some of your bigger challenges been in getting back to that kind of fuller price selling model.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So as I step back and look at FY17, I think one of the things that we are very proud of is the work that weve done on quality of sales. Its shown up in our gross margin every quarter and its shown up in our results in FY17. Just looking at this quarter, about half of our sales--Im sorry, about half of our gross margin improvement was a result of reduced promotions and better sell through on higher margin product. The other half was balanced between favorable geographic and channel mix and better product costs. As we look at our efforts in quality of sales, weve been very effective particularly in the second half of the year of really pulling back thoughtfully in partnership with our wholesale partners on receipts to ensure that our plan and our receipt flow was designed to flow in and reflect higher margin sell through. So we purposely planned, pulled back, looked at the percentage of our business that was selling at a discount that we viewed as too heavy, pulled back on those receipts so that we could move in in wholesale into higher margin sell through. Thats starting to happen. It had to be done planfully because of the long lead times on inventory, but youre starting to see that. Equally, ecommerce, the fourth quarter I think shows our lean into quality of sales in ecommerce. We worked through the inventory that we had ordered almost a year ago, but we really pulled back on promotion frequency and promotion depth on some key icon styles, notably in our womens and childrens business. Youre going to see that continue as we move forward. Weve planned our receipts to move into higher margin sell through and to move forward on a reduced promotional cadence. So what were starting to see is real harmony across the market, notably in North America, and a real planful pull-back that continues quality of sale.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Rosalie Frazier: Hi, this is Rosalie Frazier on behalf of Lindsay Drucker Mann. We had a question on FX impact to margins. As a follow-up on that, are you taking any pricing to offset FX headwinds?
Jane Nielsen: So as we look at FX headwinds, most of our--we think about pricing specifically in-market. Most of our customers internationally are local customers, so we move into currency headwinds by taking pricing largely on innovation and new styles, so we will address some of those headwinds, largely on innovation, and moving into pricing on innovation and on new styles. So its not--we dont move pricing with FX, we do step back in the marketplace in which we operate, we look at the value of our product, we look at the competition in the marketplace, and then we look at some of the macro factors and price accordingly.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks. Good morning. 
Jane Nielsen: Morning Erinn.
Erinn Murphy: Good morning. You talked about sales guidance throughout the year showing some steady improvement. Can you just speak a little bit more about what you see are the drives of that improvement in the back half of your fiscal year, and then just clarifying, Jane, I think you also said in the guide half of the sales declines are from brand and distribution exits. Can you just refresh the thoughts on what percentage was denim and supply off-price pull-back versus wholesale pull-back? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Let me just--let me step back from the components of your question. As we move through the year, I expect sequential improvement in both our wholesale business as we start to overlap some of the quality of sales initiatives that we started and move into full price selling, so I expect that to improve pretty much sequentially through the year. I do expect the fourth quarter in our businesses, and largely in North America, to be better as well benefit from Easter in the fourth quarter of FY18, and equally expect our retail comps and overall sales to move to be sequentially better as we move through the year. As I mentioned, most of our work in international, weve gone through the majority of our work, and I expect international overall to move to--to be moving into positive sales growth territory as we move through to the back of the year. Ecommerce, where we really did the bulk of our work in the fourth quarter and we have a significant amount of quality of sales work left to do in FY18, will be a pressure point as we move through the year. Then just in terms of the comment on denim and supply, we are exiting denim and supply through all four quarters of the year, as we announced. Denim and supply, we did execute spring shipments in FY17, so that pressure will be through the four quarters of the year, and it is about 200 basis points of pressure overall for FY18.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie. 
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning, and thank you very much for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on the wholesale channel. Jane, last quarter you provided some very helpful metrics to quantify the decline in wholesale revenues, particularly around the Way Forward plan and the reductions in the value channel. Can you provide those metrics for the fourth quarter 15% decline, and then secondly with the new reporting structure, how should we think about the changes year-over-year for North America, Europe and Asia revenues in FY18?
Jane Nielsen: Laurent, could you repeat the second part of your question about Europe and Asia?
Laurent Vasilescu: Sure, yes. With the new reporting structure, how should we think about those changes year-over-year in revenues for North America, Europe and Asia in FY18?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, got it. Thank you. So in terms of our overall wholesale business, what we saw as we moved into the fourth quarter is we continued with about a 20% pull-back in the sales of our off-price channel, and as I mentioned, that is work that well continue to do and will continue throughout FY18. Our objective is to reduce the percentage of sales that off-price wholesale represents to our total wholesale business.  Then as I think about the new--as we think about the new reporting segments, Europe and Asia as we move through FY18, Asia in particular should have--will be moving through store closures in the first half, but moving into growth in the second half, and about a similar shape for Europe with more pressure in the first half but moving into growth year-over-year in sales in the second half.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mr. Brian Tunick with RBC. 
Brian Tunick: Thanks very much, good morning. 
Jane Nielsen: Morning Brian.
Brian Tunick: Morning Jane. Curious on how we should be measuring inventory as we move through the year, particularly in the wholesale channel. Maybe just give us some idea of the metrics we should expect. Obviously inventory is down sharply right now, but how should we be thinking about that the next couple of quarters, and then any update on the number of remodels of shop-in-shops planned for this year inside your wholesale partners? Thanks very much.
Jane Nielsen: Certainly. So as you think about inventory as we move through the year, we are continuing our work on overall inventory and you will see inventory in the first half declining about--you know, in the 20% range. As we pivot into inventory orders that are more oriented to FY19 demand, youll see inventory down in the low double digits in Q3 and then starting to align with overall sales in Q4. So again, inventory first half in the 20% range, second half should average out to down in the high single digit range.  Then in terms of overall shop-in-shop remodels, were still working through the plan on remodels. You will see us targeting some high profile, high traffic doors in wholesale for overall remodels, and then in Asia you will see us doing some--and Europe, you will see us doing some of the corner refreshes in our wholesale business.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys, good morning and thanks for taking my questions; and Jane, thanks for all the detail this morning, very helpful. Just two quick ones, and I apologize if I might have missed it, but the guidance for first quarter, Im just trying to--it seems like you gave a pretty clear picture on the revenues, but it seems like the implied guidance is for the gross margins to be up pretty significantly, and I know theres some noise from adjustments in the prior year. If you wouldnt mind helping us just fine tune approximately where you think the gross margin versus the SG&A lands in your guidance; and apologize again if I did miss that. Then secondly, youve spoken a little bit about the off-price channel and continuing to pull back on it, but as you kind of just step back and, say, there arent many clear channels of transaction growth in the U.S. right now, one of them is obviously the Amazons of the world and maybe the e-tailers, but also off-price is going to continue to be building stores here. I mean, youve given us a lot of detail about how youre pulling back on it because you were over what would be an equilibrium point, but how are you thinking, I guess strategically, about what the right amount of product is to have in that channel going forward versus having too little exposure there to growth that a lot of consumers consider to be a primary channel of retail? I guess that would be my questions, thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, let me answer the last part of your question first, and then Ill give you some clarity on Q1. We do view value wholesale as a channel that is--that serves a segment of consumers, that theyre excited about the treasure hunt aspect of that channel, and we recognize that. We havent said were exiting that channel but we are rebalancing it, and were rebalancing it both in terms of the amount of product that we sell through that channel and the types of product that we sell through that channel, so you will see it decline as a percentage of our total wholesale business throughout FY18. Then moving forward, youll see a slightly different mix of product but youll still see us serving that consumer base, but on a less penetrated basis.  Then your question in terms of overall gross profit, we do expect margin expansion, gross margin expansion in FY18 in the first quarter. We havent given specific guidance, but I would expect that the overall margin expansion should be about similar to what you saw as we exited the fourth quarter, similar to slightly better.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss from JP Morgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. So youre 9% to 10.5% EBIT margin guidance implies contraction at the midpoint, versus I think in the past you talked about constant currency expansion in the forecast. I guess any changes youre seeing in the apparel backdrop larger picture, and could you just lay out the variables that drive that 150 basis point range just between the top and the bottom of that EBIT margin guide for this year?
Jane Nielsen: Absolutely. So as we look--you know, as we look into FY18, there are a lot of factors in play next year. Clearly weve got a rapidly changing consumer environment and we have some significant change internally, so weve chosen, number one, to continue to work on building the foundation and right-sizing our business to a healthier base, notably in ecommerce. We need to have a coherent price strategy across the region. We cant be leading pricing down, and so we are leaning into that price coherency in our ecommerce business, notably in North America. With that said, we still have a consumer-facing strategy. This is still evolving, and weve left ourselves some flexibility to roll out product, marketing and store concepts notably in the second half, which would imply a wider range of guidance on overall SG&A growth, notably in the second half. Also in the second half, we begin to lap some of the aggressive SG&A cuts that we took in FY17, and thats part of that variability as you look through the year. So Id say weve got-overall we are leaning in to some of the pull-back in ecommerce. Thats causing some sales volatility relative to our previous guidance, and we are leaving ourselves the flexibility on the SG&A line to plant important investment seeds for growth. Those are the two areas that give us a guidance range for FY18.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning. Jane, thanks for the detail. 
Jane Nielsen: Morning Ike.
Ike Boruchow: Just real quick, so the $370 million in charges, just curious how much of that is cash, and then embedded in your fiscal year top line guide, can you just give us a little bit more color in terms of whats embedded on comp - Im sorry if I missed it, and then within that, your digital expectation as well as the store comp expectation. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, okay. So why dont I start with our expectations in terms of guidance. We expect mid to high single digit global retail sales and comp decline. We expect wholesale to decline in the mid teens globally, and we expect ecomm comps to decline in the mid teens globally.
Evren Kopelman: Cash?
Jane Nielsen: Oh sorry, yes. In restructuring, of the $370 million of Q4 restructuring charges, approximately $120 million was cash.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole: Great, thank you. Jane, you talked about why Patrice is the right person for the job. Can you just talk about how the decision making process will take place as a company going forward between Mr. Lauren, Patrice and yourself?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So first of all, Id step back and say that we have a very capable and seasoned senior team, so its not just Ralph, Patrice and I, its an operating committee of seasoned executives that we all play a role from the regions to the functions, and we have operating committee meetings weekly where we address the performance of the business and develop strategy. We also work in--Patrice will work closely, as will the operating team, in concert with Ralph as we put in place the strategy for the consumer-facing part of our transformation, and that would be specific to marketing, to products, and to store design.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from John Kernan with Cowen and Company.
John Kernan: Good morning Jane, Evren. Thanks for taking my questions. Jane, you talked a lot about efforts with some of the pure plays internationally - Zalando, Asos. Just wondering what your strategy is with Amazon? The brands distributed fairly heavily through third party distributors right now on Amazon, just wondering if theres an opportunity to take it more direct. Then my follow-up question is theres obviously a lot of pressure on all the global apparel brands from a margin perspective. Im just wondering if youre still comfortable with the long term mid teens operating margin target for the company. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, let me start with the last part of your question. Clearly improving operating margin and getting to a mid teens operating margin is still our goal, and we are working tirelessly on that Given the change that we have in the environment and the changes that are occurring internally, the big question for us is timing. I think its the question for everyone. But certainly getting back to higher operating margin and doing that as quickly as possible is Patrices goal, its my goal, and its the goal of the company, so well give you more visibility and timing as we move through and as we look through these initiatives and see their performance. Then the first part of your question in terms of Amazon and other pure players, this is a dynamic marketplace. The consumer is changing, the digital ecosystem is changing, and as youve seen with our efforts that have been very successful on sites like Zalando, were looking at all opportunities and that will be a big part of what Patrice will do when he comes in, in concert with the senior team. So were open, were looking, but these are big strategic issues and well want to do them in partnership with our new chief executive officer. So with that, I want to thank you for joining our call today. I look forward to speaking with many of you later on today and throughout this quarter, and I especially look forward to talking with you next quarter when Patrice will join me on this call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - IR Stefan Larsson - President and CEO Jane Nielsen - CFO
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Rick Patel - CLSA Michael Binetti - UBS Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Kate McShane - Citi Research Dave Weiner - Deutsche Bank David Glick - Buckingham Research Group Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Mathew Boss - JPMorgan Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's third quarter fiscal 2017 conference call. With me today are Stefan Larsson, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Stefan.
Stefan Larsson: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in the release this morning, the company and I mutually agreed to part ways and I want to take a brief moment to give you some context. Ralph and I, both love and respect to DNA of this great brand and we recognize the need to evolve. However we have found that we have different views on how to evolve the creative and consumer facing parts of the business. I want everyone on the call, shareholders and analysts to know that the Board, Ralph and I have over the last month work very hard to find common ground. After many serious conversations with one another, we mutually agree to part ways. None of these changes how proud I am of all the progress we have made against the goals we laid out in our Way Forward Plan in June. As I shared then the Way Forward Plan is about refocusing on the core of what made us iconic in evolving that core for today, to strengthen the brand and return the company to long-term profitable growth. Both Ralph and the Board are committed to continue the execution of our plan. We are on track to deliver on our commitments. A key driver to this is our strength and management team and their ability to drive high quality execution. Together we have already created a strong foundation, one that puts us in a position to continue to deliver. Our progress includes, the strengthening of the leadership team, refocusing on our core brands, starting to evolve our iconic products and marketing, matching inventory to demand, drastically reducing lead times, creating a more nimble organizational structure, beginning to right size the store fleet, achieving the initial cost reductions, and as we learned from our recent global employee survey, we have substantially improved the employee engagement and understanding of the strategy. When Jane later in this call will speak about the progress we have made in the third quarter, you will hear how these initiatives are starting to show up in the companys P&L. I remain very confident that the way forward framework has the ability to drive the company back to high performance and I will stay on until May 1, to ensure the uninterrupted execution. Before I turn it over to Jane, for her to review the progress we have made on the Way Forward Plan in the quarter, I want to say a few words about her. As I begin my transition she will take charge of the execution of our plan. Jane and I have been co-pilots since she joined and we will work closely together to make this transition successful. She has the credibility, the experience and the trust from Ralph and the Board; I could not be more confident in her ability to deliver. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jane.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Stefan, and good morning, everyone. Before I review our performance and future outlook, I want to reiterate that our foundation is strong. As Stefan said, we worked very closely since I joined, and we will continue that partnership through his extended transition period to ensure that our progress is uninterrupted. With the support of Ralph, the Board and together with our leadership team, I am committed to leading our continued execution. We are as focused as we have ever been on delivering the Way Forward Plan to strengthen the brand and drive sustainable profitable growth over the long term. Now on to our performance, first lets review the progress we made this quarter in executing the Way Forward Plan, starting with product for fall 2017. First, we refocused and evolved our iconic core product offering. We updated our color palette, materials, and fits, incorporating more consumer insights and marketplace intelligence into our decision making. Second, we improved our discipline in applying a systematic repeatable way of building a stronger assortment. This means being very clear on what we are testing, what we are growing and what icons we are reinventing. This has enabled us to cut the long tail of unproductive styles delivering a double digit reduction in the number of SKUs we have designed for fall 2017, resulting in a much more focused, productive assortment and lower development costs. Third, our improved disciplined in the assortment creation is enabling us to buy closer to market and reduce early commitments. Our premarket commitments for next fall is down significantly to last year. For Polo, we committed to only 15% of our buys premarket, before our wholesale customers place their orders. Last year, this figure was 60%. As a result we are buying much more informed which will significantly improve our ability to match inventory to demand. The initial feedback from our wholesale customers that have seen our fall product has been very positive. Fourth, we are well underway to build a best-in-class sourcing capability and a demand driven supply chain. We remained on track to reach our goal of a nine month lead time. We continue to expect to get half way there by the end of this fiscal year and 90% there by the end of next fiscal year. This quarter we achieved our goal of having all our core fabrics platformed for the upcoming fall 2017 season, which enables us to make further progress in cutting our lead times. Moving on to marketing, we are making good progress in our search for a Chief Marketing Officer. In the meantime we are preparing for our first cut through Polo marketing campaign for summer. For this past fall holiday season we launched the Ralph Lauren Icon Marketing campaign, which was built on our goal to refocus on and evolve our core iconic products and luxury. The campaign was very well received and we will be launching the second part of the campaign later this month. Moving on to our financials for the quarter, we continued to deliver against our commitments. We increased our quality of sales by moderating discount levels, lowering our inventory to align supply with demand and reducing our lead times. As you saw in our press release revenues declined 12%, in line with guidance. Adjusted operating margin was 12.8%. On a constant currency basis adjusted operating margin was up about 40 basis points to last year. Additionally non-GAAP operating margin expanded in constant currency, in both the retail and wholesale segments. The adjusted operating margin performance was better than the outlook we provided in November, largely driven by gross margin and proactive expense management. Adjusted gross margin expanded by a 140 basis points, versus last year driven by favorable geographic and channel mix and initiatives to improve quality of sale including reduced promotional activity across our businesses. This was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of approximately a 100 basis points. Operating expenses, excluding restructuring and other related charges were down 7% compared to last year, as a result of expense initiatives under the Way Forward Plan, including streamlining the organization to reduce headcount, process changes and product development to reduce costs and closing unprofitable stores to improve the profitability of our fleet. In North America, across our businesses the team started to execute against the plan we shared last quarter to come back to high performance. North America continues to be our most challenged market. Revenue declined 15% in the quarter led by a plan decline in wholesale. We strengthened our foundation by strategically reducing shipments to better align with underlying demand and right size our inventory levels. In addition we started to rebalance our distribution in our off-price wholesale business. We also executed these important quality of sale initiatives in our direct-to-consumer e-commerce business. These actions will continue to impact our results in the fourth quarter on our e-commerce site. E-commerce has been our most over promoted channel and we are moving to harmonize pricing across channel and reduce promotion depth. These are the first steps in the execution of our plan to come back to high performance in North America. They are difficult but necessary actions to build a healthy base to grow from. We expect these actions to continue through the first half of fiscal 2018. In Europe store comps improved in the third quarter despite lower markdowns as we continued to deliver on our quality of sales initiative. Our Europe team continued to drive substantial improvement in both gross margin and operating margin in constant currency. Revenue was down 6% in constant currency and 12% on a reported basis. As expected we shifted $18 million of wholesale shipments to the fourth quarter to better align with demand in our wholesale doors. Excluding this shift revenue would have been close to flat in constant currency. In our retail business in Europe we reduced promotion, drove up AURs and expanded gross margins significantly on a year-over-year basis in constant currency. Our team continues to focus on tighter inventory management and strengthening the assortment going forward. Similarly in Asia, we drove significantly lower markdown rates in each channel and expanded margins. Revenue was down 1% in constant currency and up 4% on a reported basis. Comp growth was positive in Asia in the third quarter. Going forward, we are focused on returning to revenue growth in Asia, as new distribution growth offsets closures. Moving to comparable store sales, on a global basis, comps decreased 4% in constant currency. As a reminder the high volume week after Christmas was included in the companys third quarter this year versus the fourth quarter last year, with a positive impact of approximately 2.5 percentage points, which will pressure comps in the fourth quarter. Additionally, Easter will shift into the first quarter of FY 2018. The combined effect of these two calendar shifts will pressure fourth quarter comps approximately 3 percentage points. Moving to global e-commerce, revenues declined 9% in constant currency, the e-commerce decline is driven by our initiatives in the U.S. that I just took you through. The impact of these actions will accelerate in the fourth quarter and continue to pressure the first half of fiscal 2018. Turning to our store fleet, we are on track to close approximately 50 stores this year. We closed 12 stores in the third quarter and 27 year-to-date. This puts us on track to achieve the savings that we identified from store closures of approximately $70 million. Importantly, we are also on track with our total savings target. At this time restructuring charges are forecasted to be about $400 million and inventory charges about a $150 million associated with the companys Way Forward Plan. In this quarter, we recorded $91 million in restructuring related impairment and inventory charges. Moving on to the balance sheet, our progress with the Way Forward Plan is reflected in our inventory position. At the end of the third quarter, inventory declined 23% to $984 million versus last year. This inventory reduction is driven by both, restructuring actions and our operating process initiatives, including a proactive pull back in receipts and moving towards a demand driven supply chain. We ended the third quarter with approximately $1.5 billion in cash in investments and $589 million of total debt. Now Id like to turn to guidance for fiscal 2017. As a reminder this guidance excludes restructuring and other related charges in connection with the companys Way Forward Plan and severance-related payments associated with the CEO departure announced today. For fiscal 2017, we are maintaining our guidance. We continue to expect revenues to decrease at a low double digit rate, as we execute the Way Forward Plan. Based on our current exchange rates foreign currency is expected to have minimal impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2017. We also continue to expect operating margin for fiscal 2017, to be approximately 10%, as cost savings are expected to be offset by growth in new store expenses, unfavorable foreign currency impacts, infrastructure investments and fixed costs deleverage. The fiscal 2017 tax rate is estimated to be approximately 29%. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues to be down mid-teens on a reported basis. This compares 13 weeks this year to 14 weeks last year. The 53rd week last year, contributed approximately $72 million of net revenue including $10 million in the wholesale segment and $62 million in the retail segment, as well as $12 million of operating income. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to pressure revenue growth by about a 100 basis points in the fourth quarter and will pressure gross margin by approximately 70 basis points. Operating margin for the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately 6% to 6.5%. Foreign currency is estimated to pressure operating margin by about a 100 basis points. The fourth quarter tax rate is estimated at 30%. We now expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2017 to be approximately $325 million, down $50 million from our previous guidance of $375 million and we increased our rigor and focus on return on investment. Regarding share repurchases year-to-date we have repurchased a $100 million of our stock and we plan to execute another $100 million in the fourth quarter to reach $200 million for the full year, consistent with our communication in June. Our expectations for fiscal 18 are consistent with the outlook we provided at our Investor Day in June. We continue to expect the magnitude of revenue decline to stabilize and be less than the declines in fiscal 17. Currently we are forecasting revenue in fiscal 18 to decline high single-digits in constant currency. This includes 200 basis points of pressure from our actions in right sizing our distribution in both wholesale and retail and another 200 basis points from the previously announced closure of denim in supply. These actions will be taken in conjunction with our quality of sales and price harmonization initiatives. We expect our trend to improve in the second half of the year as we move forward in the execution of the Way Forward Plan. We expect operating margin to expand in fiscal 18 in constant currency, driven by both gross margin and operating cost improvement. We plan to provide more specific guidance for fiscal 18 on our fourth quarter call in May as is our practice. In summary, we have created a strong foundation and we are delivering our Way Forward Plan commitments. As I look ahead with the support of Ralph, the Board and together with our leadership team we have the key elements in place to ensure our continued progress. With the passion and commitment of over 25,000 Ralph Lauren employees around the globe we will intensify our execution of the plan, which will strengthen our brand and return us to long term profitable growth. With that I want to turn the call back to Stefan for some closing remarks.
Stefan Larsson: Thank you, Jane. In closing while I'm disappointed that I will not be here to see the Way Forward Plan completely implemented, I'm confident that we have built a strong foundation and have the right team in place to continue to deliver on what we set out in June. I truly believe that this brand and this team have the potential to do amazing things. And I expect them to take the Way Forward Plan and make it even stronger. This has been a great opportunity for me. I'm glad I made a decision to join the company. I've learned a lot and I look forward to whats next. Now lets open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Good morning, nice quarter, good progress. Stefan
Evren Kopelman: Thanks Omar.
Omar Saad: Are you willing to discuss in more detail about some greater level of insight about yours and Ralphs views differed? I know I'm asking you to talk about some disagreements you may have had with this American icon on how to improve the company that it sounded but you both have really successful track records in the industry. Its really important, I think, for investors to have some insight to what you wanted to do with that he didn't, especially since we dont have access to Ralph. Thanks.
Stefan Larsson: Thanks Omar and I understand the question. First I just wanted to say that Ive deep respect for Ralph and the Board, and lets start with what we agree on. We both share a deep respect and love for the DNA of the brand. We both agree that we need to evolve and thats why we set out on the Way Forward Plan which both Ralph and the Board supports. What it came down to Omar was that we have different views on how to evolve the creative and consumer facing parts of the company, and the most detailed I can be, is to just say is it comes down to decisions relating to how to evolve those areas, products, marketing, shopping experience and we really worked hard. And I spent my whole career, 20 years in family controlled businesses. So we worked hard to find common grounds. We didn't and thats what led to this mutual decision that we communicated today.
Evren Kopelman: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Rick Patel with CLSA.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. As you look at, as we think about what youve accomplished so far and whats left to do, can you talk about the potential for longer term margin recovery. I know there's a lot of changes going on in the business right now. And you have an updated outlook for fiscal 2018, so as we think about all these moving pieces, do you still think you can get to mid-teens margins over the long run as you execute this plan or does that remain to be seen?
Jane Nielsen: Rick, I think we have confidence in the guidance that we laid out in the Way Forward Plan in June, both for 2018 and beyond, in 2019 and 2020. Our commitment is to get to profitable growth. It will be a combination of topline growth and in the near term gross margin expansion and leveraging a better and more efficient cost structure. So we do see gross margin expansion. Youve seen past several quarters that we've had favorable trend in gross margin. In this quarter, if you look at it around a constant currency basis, we expand a gross margin by 240 basis points. Obviously, we had a 100 points of pressure from foreign currency, but we've got a benefit from about half of the 140 points was the benefit from channel and geographic mix, I expect that to continue. And then importantly a little less than half of our gross margin expansion came directly from our quality of sales initiatives. We across our businesses, we reduced promotion and discount levels and we're able to pull that through in terms of gross margin. So I do see that as a durable tailwind for us as we move into the future.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys, good morning. Stefan, I wanted to dovetail off Omars question a little bit and just ask, as you look at it, maybe not as much about the disagreements at hand, but I think it would help everyone on this call a little bit if we could hear, which parts of the Way Forward Plan related to the areas where you have disagreement, could be on or off the table going forward, i.e. for holding the plan similar to where it was, whats changing along the path to get there that you laid out last year? And secondly, Jane as we look ahead to fiscal 2018, with the high level of guidance you guys helped us with revenues down high single-digits, that almost the same decline as we saw this year, and you had a lot of fixed cost deleverage. We know about half of the SG&A savings, you said next year would - you said last year would occur in fiscal 2018, but how do you get to the operating margin leverage next year with that high level algorithm that you gave us, its a little tough to get there in the model at first plant?
Stefan Larsson: Hey, Michael. So let me start with the question you had for me. Well, both Ralph and the board are committed to continue to execute on the Way Forward Plan, and if you look at the quarter, what Jane went through, we start to see the operating improvements that we are driving through, as a management team, we start to see that come through in the P&L and thats very exciting to see. When it comes to the different views, its - it comes back to being aligned on the love for the brand, being aligned on evolving and then coming to realization that we have different views on how to evolve the creative and consumer facing parts thats as much as I can share right now.
Jane Nielsen: So Michael on your question, since Investor Day, what we've seen is that as we signaled in our FY 2018 guidance, we still have quality in the sales initiatives work to do as we move into FY 2018. And especially in the first half, we expect a sequential recovery in the second half. Whats giving us confidence in operating margin expansion, in a constant currency basis is that we have two strong pistons in the engine, both gross margin expansion and our increased confidence in that. And increased confidence that we can deliver our SG&A savings that we laid out. You'll see that in our results this year and you will see it as we travel through to FY 2018.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. It looks like your Americas wholesale business will end the fiscal year about $2 billion in revenues, so about $500 million decline over the prior year. I was curious to know, what do you think is the right size of that business on a go forward basis? And on the flip side, what are the opportunities to grow your European wholesale business further beyond fiscal 2017?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, let me start with your question on North America. As you look at our results in our trends on a year-to-date basis the primary driver of whats happening in North America is a result of our strategic actions. First, if I just take this quarter, about half of the revenue decline was attributable to our efforts in the Way Forward Plan to really match our inventories to demand in this quarter that was about - that attributed about half of the decline that we saw. The other component, about 30% was a reduction that we took to lower excess inventory, to the value channels and wholesale. So as we said, we think were out of balance today and we are aggressively moving to right-size that balance. So thats a part, as you look at the trend, a great deal of that is attributable to what weve decided to do as a part of the Way Forward Plan. When we have a supply chain that is closer to market and closer to demand, when as we continue to improve our ability to buy informed, we believe we can get back to share growth in our wholesale channel, and that would be a propellant to growth for us as we move forward.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane: Thank you for taking my questions. It hasnt been asked yet but just given that we havent spoken to you since the results of the election, I wondered if you could update us on how youre thinking about the Border Adjustment Tax and any kind of role Ralph Lauren is having in conversations with the government on this potential impact?
Jane Nielsen: Sure Kate, let me take that. Obviously let me step back from the question and to say that we are a very proud American company. We are and always will be intrinsically tied to Ralphs vision of the American dream. We are headquartered in New York City and directly employ over 15,000 Americans. That said, theres not a lot of clarity right now on the various proposals and specifically the Border Adjustment Proposal and theres a lot of speculation. We are taking that very seriously and are closely monitoring any decisions made by the new administration. Were obviously looking across our supply chain and looking for opportunities to mitigate any impact that we might see. As a part of the retail community were playing a role in that community to put forth the impact that this kind of action could have. So we are looking to - as we look forward, of course we will comply with any new legislation. This has been our practice and move swiftly to mitigate any of those actions. But right now were looking at scenarios and alternatives and waiting to see what legislation will actually be enacted.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dave Weiner with Deutsche Bank.
Dave Weiner: Yeah good morning. I was wondering if you could comment on what you saw in terms of tourism here in the U.S. both at your outlets stores and your full price stores. Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Dave, well foreign tourism was still down in this quarter. We are seeing a sequential improvement to what we saw in the first and second quarters of this year. So still pressured in foreign tourism but a significant improvement from what we saw as we exited the second quarter. And certainly the declines are about half of what we saw in the same quarter last year, so overall improvement.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David Glick: Thank you good morning. Just kind of a leadership and transition question, obviously Jane youve led a similar turnaround of Way Forward at Coach, but in terms of the non-financial parts of the business, as Stefan exits, who is going to lead the product, the merchandising, the retail strategies, as you guys move forward and is there a risk of additional departures that - Stefan obviously recruited a lot of very capable executives from outside the company, if there some risk there? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Stefan is going to be fully on Board through May 1st, and we're going to work very closely on the transition. That said, this is - we have a very strong capable team of leaders around the globe. And so its with that team that we will be working together to ensure execution of the Way Forward Plan. This is in no way a one person leadership team. Its a strong leadership team with a strong bench. It might be a little self-serving to say that Stefan's brought in a great bench of new talent, but set that aside, part of building this strong foundation and part of Stefans contribution is the great talent that he's brought into the company to blend with an already strong leadership team. And I know that like me many of us joined the company, because we really believe in the brand, the strength of the brand and Ralphs enduring vision thats the touchstone of the brand. So we are going to secure execution and move forward as a team.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great thanks, good morning. I guess Jane for you, just going back to the wholesale channel with the premarket commitment now 15% of the season versus 60%, I mean that suggests a very significant reduction in the order book. So what confidence does the team have there that the retailers will reorder and that the turn within wholesale and inventories aligned can accelerate for that at once business just given some of the structural challenges that we are all facing right now in this industry?
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. Erinn, I just want to be very clear. The 15% premarket commitment versus 60% is not a reduction in the order book. Its actually a timing trend that we, in our past had placed 60% of our orders before we had the orders from our wholesalers. The change is that now only 15% of our orders because of longer lead times have to be placed before we meet with our wholesale partners and receive their feedback and orders. So its not an order book reduction. Its actually moving that commitment date out so that we can be perfectly aligned with our wholesale partners.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Lindsay.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: The design function had reported in to Stefan. During this period of transition Ralph as the Chief Creative Officer, will design be reporting directly into him and will he be playing an active day-to-day role, role in managing that part of the business or we still talking about the strong bench that will be addressing design and creative? And as we think about the timeline toward an evolution in the product, we had expected to see some initial changes under Stefans leadership this spring, as we think about how that aesthetic might evolve given the difference of opinion, sort of what timeline are we talking about until we get to see the true vision of what Ralph's kind of new product looks like.
Stefan Larsson: Well, thank you, Lindsay. Let me start. So when it comes to the transition, Im staying on for an extended transition period as Jane mentioned. So Im staying on until May 1st. So no changes within the next three months and what we communicated this morning is that the Board and Ralph has initiated a CEO search. When it comes to the initial product improvements, you will see some improvements this spring and we're just now finalizing the market for full, the wholesale market for full 2017 and we see some great progress there in terms of cutting down productive tail, refocusing on the core, being better at looking at competitive intelligence to strengthen our own offering. So it will be gradual improvements starting spring and going into fall and then onwards from there.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. Lindsay, I just want to add that Ralph is not interested in running the business day-to-day. He does want to play an active role in the creative decisions, including design and consumer facing decisions. In terms of reporting relationships, reporting relationships to Stefan will say the same through May and then well, Ralph and I and Stefan will work on an organization structure that make sense to ensure the execution of the plan.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities.
Robert Drbul: Hi and good morning. A couple of questions on just on the revenue outlook. Jane could you maybe just address the progression of the expectations for the retail comps in FY 2018 and do you have any idea when you would expect revenues to begin to grow again at the business?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, so Bob, I think well come back and give more specific guidance as we typically do on the fourth quarter call. What were seeing now at this stage of our planning for FY 2018 is we will expect quality of sales initiative in retail and wholesale to continue to pressure revenue and comps through the first half, and then as we move into the second half much of that quality of sales initiatives and distributions will start to abate and youll see a sequential improvement in performance. That said, its really FY 2019 where we would expect to return to revenue growth.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess Jane just two quick ones. You said basically 50 closures for the year and youve done 27. So 23 set for Q4. Are there any openings which we modeling in Q4? And then this when you mentioned the margin up next year in constant currency, is that to mean that ex-currency you would expect margins might not be up and I'm just kind of curious at current spot rates what you think the FX impact on your margin would be right now just to help us think about the model?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, Ike so in the fourth quarter we have one opening and were on track as you mentioned for 50 closures this year. As I look at the model and current pressures right now at current spot rates I'm expecting about 50 to 75 basis points of pressure on operating margin. I think we have to see what happens on currency rates. Overall what I can say is that on constant currency basis that well have operating margin expansion in FY'18.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mathew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Thanks. So as we think about the wholesale reset I guess what assumption have you made for the department store sector looking ahead? Are you anticipating further door closures and just whats the strategy for the mix of off-price business versus today?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Yes we are anticipating door closures with our retail partners. In fact as of the end of the Q3 we have worked closely and collaboratively with our department store partners and have worked through about 70% alignment on the point of sale closures that we announced last quarter that would reduce our points of distribution in department stores by 20% to 25%. So we are well underway there. Were obviously working in partnership with them to understand their future door plans. So that were fully aligned on that. And thats incorporated into our overall guidance. So about between door closures and wholesale closures its about 200 basis points of pressure. So I feel that we are aligned with our partners and were modeling that into our guidance. In terms of the right balance with what Ill call off-price wholesale, what we know is a touchstone [ph] is that we have to be where the consumer wants to shop. And so they are an important part of our distribution. But what we also know is that we are not in balance where that distribution should be. So what weve modeled is continued rebalancing of that channel through the balance of FY 2018 and that will be down significantly double-digits as we move through FY 2018.
Evren Kopelman: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi, good morning everyone.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Dana.
Dana Telsey: As you think about the team, are there other holes in the team that need to be filled and on the speed to market process, where are we and is it getting faster? What should we see in terms of the product assortment, and [indiscernible], should we see in fall or how should we see it coming into fall? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: So, Dana from the team as we've said, we have one significant search out there and it is for a Chief Marketing Officer. We're making progress, but thats the most significant search that we have right now for the team.
Stefan Larsson: Yes, and when it comes, Dana, when it comes to the speed to market, Im really pleased to add the progress that Halide Alagoz, our Head of Sourcing from H&M and Bill Campbell, who's 11 years from Amazon on the supply chain, how they come together and deliver on our nine months lead times, cutting the lead times from 15 to nine. Theyre making great progress and so you should expect that to continue. Theyre working in close cooperation with Valerie Hermann and the brand teams as well. So its a team work that Im very excited about, that you can already see in the Q3 performance that is starting to get traction.
Evren Kopelman: Okay. We'll take one last question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole: Great, thanks for taking my question. Jane, my question is, there is clearly been a lot of discussions about how to evolve the creative and consumer facing parts of the business. I mean it sounds like maybe some decisions have been made. Can you just tell us at a high level, what will be different going forward about the creative consumer facing parts of the business?
Jane Nielsen: So the pieces that we talked about in the Way Forward Plan remain. We are going to evolve from a classic iconic core and continue to execute 50% new, 50% DNA, classic product, I think its the direction of that product that will evolve. And Ralph is going to play an active role in evolving that. You will see our progress in the Way Forward Plan, specifically on product starting in fall of - fall of 2017 and continues through into the spring season. So we are making progress, you will see it evolve and it will continue to evolve from there. Its been part of our D&A as a company. We've evolved for the past 50 years, and its Ralphs intention to continue that evolution.
Evren Kopelman: Operator?
Operator: Yes, as of this time
Evren Kopelman: We'll close the call. Ill turn it to Jane to close the call.
Jane Nielsen: I want to thank you for joining us today. I look forward to speaking with many of you shortly and through the quarter and we're committed to executing our plans and providing you transparency on our progress and moving forward.
Stefan Larsson: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-11-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp. Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp. Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Steven Zaccone - JPMorgan Securities LLC Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2017 conference call. With me today are Stefan Larsson, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filings that can be found on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Stefan.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. Since we last spoke on our earnings call in August, the team and I have continued our intense focus on driving the execution of our Way Forward Plan. The Way Forward Plan, as a reminder, is our multi-year strategy to build on the unique brand strength we have, go back to the core of what made Ralph Lauren iconic, evolve from that core and build the business back to sustainable profitable growth. We are two quarters into executing on the plan and my focus is leading our teams to ensure that every action we take today drives towards our long-term Way Forward goals, while at the same time optimizing near-term performance. Today, I will share my key learnings from the second quarter and then provide an update on our progress in driving the execution of our Way Forward Plan. Then I'm excited about having Jane here with me and will turn it to her to review the details of the company's quarterly financial performance and our outlook for fiscal 2017. In the second quarter, we continued to deliver against our expectations. Our performance keeps us on track to achieve our full-year fiscal 2017 guidance, with some changes in the quarterly flow (3:13). In the second quarter, revenue of $1.8 billion was consistent with our plan, while operating margin was ahead of our target, driven by higher gross margins in our international markets, quality of sales initiatives starting to get traction and planned SG&A expenses shifting into the third quarter. Jane will take you through these in detail. Our revenue in the quarter declined in line with our plan, down 8% versus prior year, with continued and expected larger decline in wholesale than retail. Consistent with our Way Forward Plan, we continued to drive the quality of our sales up by moderating discount rates, tightening inventory buys and closing another seven underperforming stores in the quarter. These initiatives successfully reduced inventories which were down 15% to last year at the end of the quarter. North America continues to be our most challenged market where revenue declined 12% in the quarter. As I shared on our last call, assessing our North American challenge, which to a large extent is self-induced, and building and executing a plan to get back to winning in North America is one of our biggest priorities. In our international markets, revenue increased 2% in the second quarter. Our teams there continue to drive up quality of sales, right-size the inventory and optimize the store fleets to build a foundation for profitable growth. In Asia, we continued to see encouraging results of our proactive quality of sales actions. Over the last nine months, our team has now closed a total of 72 points of distribution that weakened the brand and opened 159 new high-quality points of sale. The new points of distribution have better locations, improved adjacencies and refreshed store environments relative to the locations we closed. In addition, we continue to reduce the length of the sales periods and significantly decrease the depth of markdown rates. We continued to see the positive impact of our initiatives on profitability. Over the past nine months, our average unit retail prices are up 10% in constant currency and our gross profit margin continues to expand. In Europe, growth remained solid in the second quarter and our team centered on tighter inventory management, strengthening the assortment and resulting in improved margins. Now, let me give you a few important updates on our progress on the execution of the Way Forward Plan. As we are still early in the execution of the plan, there will often be a lag time between when we take a Way Forward action and when it shows up in the P&L. However, I do see early indicators of success and I would use these calls to give you updates on the progress points of our execution. The Way Forward Plan is built on two key parts. The first is consumer-facing where we're going to focus on and evolve from the core in product, marketing and the shopping experience. The second part is about evolving the operating model where we are developing four business engines: a systematic repeatable way of building a stronger assortment, a demand-driven supply chain, a best-in-class sourcing capability and a multi-channel global expansion strategy. Underlying both of these two parts is the foundation of strengthening the leadership team and culture, as well as developing a strong economic model. With the addition of Jane Nielsen from Coach and Bill Campbell from Amazon last quarter, we are now very close to having our full operations team in place. The only outstanding role to fill is a Global Chief Marketing Officer, and we are underway with that search. Delivering on our objective to increase our focus and resources on our core brands, we recently announced our decision to discontinue the Denim & Supply brand. We will address the denim market more effectively through our Polo brand by leveraging the brand strength of Polo. Moving on to the work of evolving the assortment in product. I'm excited about the work that Valrie and her team are driving in cutting the product tail, refocusing our core product offering and evolving from that core. In the second quarter, we continued to make good progress in identifying and cutting the long tail of unproductive styles, leading to a big reduction in the number of SKUs. For fall 2016, we achieved a 10% reduction in SKUs across our apparel brands. And for spring 2017, we are on track to achieve over a 20% reduction. And for fall 2017, we're on the way to further SKU reductions. The style and SKU reduction frees up time, resources and creativity to focus on and evolve our core icons, leading to a more productive and desirable assortment. Our improved discipline in the assortment creation enables us to buy closer to market and reduce early commitments. We continue to expect to be halfway to our goal of a nine-month lead time by the end of this fiscal year and 90% there by the end of next fiscal year. The key unlock for our shorter lead times is the fabric platforming for our core styles. We made significant progress in this area during the quarter. Almost all of our core fabrics will be platformed by the end of this month. This enables us to increase the quality of our fabric, secure better prices and decrease our lead times and increase our flexibility to react to selling in season. We can now, for the first time, work in partnership with our big customers and move from buying blind before their buys to buying our inventory based on their buys, and therefore, significantly improve matching our inventory to the real demand. In the second quarter, we continued to drive down inventory levels across the company to get closer to matching inventory we demand. In addition to our inventory restructuring actions, I am pleased with our meaningful progress to reduce inventory buys. Although we're still in the early stages of this journey, optimizing our buys should improve sell-throughs and gross margin rate. Now, I want to share our plan to come back to high-performance in North America. North America is our largest market and one where it's essential for us to return to profitable growth. The plan is based on leveraging our unique brand strength, solid market position, and strong relationships with our wholesale partners. As we mentioned on our last call, Jeff Kuster joined in July as our new Group President for the Americas. Together with his team, Jeff has worked through a detailed fact-based assessment of our North American challenges. From that assessment, we have built a plan that will take us back to strength. And strength in North America starts with our U.S. wholesale business. The challenges we face there are similar to our overall challenges as a company that we shared during our Investor Day in June. We have been buying too much inventory, letting that overflow to value channels, buying too much in the product tail, buying too early before the customers have bought, not created room to chase in season, and distributed too much in the low-volume shops, and promoted too deep and too frequently. To start building strength back, we will work even more closely with our biggest wholesale customers, partnering together with them to build strength that will make us both drive high performance. Together, we will: first, reduce our overall buys to better match demand. This will reduce the overflow of inventory going to value channels. Second, cut the product tail and refocus the investments in the evolved core. This will improve inventory productivity. Third, we will cut supplier lead times. This will allow our customers to buy much closer in and improve the flexibility to chasing season. Fourth, we will refocus our marketing efforts, in line with our Way Forward Plan, to develop cut-through marketing campaigns for our main brands. This will be targeted to drive traffic and conversion. Our first initiatives will start with Polo in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Fifth and finally, working in collaboration with our partners, we will reduce and close the tail of our distribution, which accounts for 20% to 25% of the total distribution points. These shops represent a very small share of sales and profit for us as well as our partners. Just as with assortment, we will refocus on and evolve from the core, which means the top-selling doors, and invest in refreshing and rebuilding the store experience. This will create an exciting shopping experience and supercharge the evolved assortment strategy. It's worth mentioning again that we believe in a strong wholesale channel and a well-executed department store. We believe a well-curated department store offers a convenient and exciting shopping experience that saves the consumer time, while also bringing them into the brand. Our distribution plan will follow the consumer and department stores off and online represent one of the largest channels the full-price consumer shops today and in the near future. Parallel to strengthening our wholesale efforts, we're also strengthening our e-commerce presence. But even though department stores represent one of the biggest channels for our consumers, the e-commerce channel has the highest growth rate and is increasingly important. Our assessment of our e-commerce challenges and our plan to strengthen e-commerce are also very much in line with our overall Way Forward assessment and plan. We are reducing the overall buys, we are reducing the promotions, we are reducing the product tail, we are refocusing on and evolving our core products, and we'll start to present them in an evolved and refreshed way. We have taken the first steps here and you can now see our refreshed landing pages on both our mobile as well our desktop sites. We recently launched our redesigned mobile site, which features significant improvements in functionality. We improved the checkout process, navigation, and creative execution, and many more steps to follow on that. Finally, a few words on marketing. In September, we held our first ever See-Now-Buy-Now runway show for the women's collection. The show was held in a glass structure on the sidewalk outside our Madison Avenue flagship. We even managed to close down Madison Avenue for a few hours. It was a big success and generated more than twice the global media value compared to the previous season's show. We also recently launched a Ralph Lauren Icons campaign in our women's luxury business. It's built on our Way Forward goal to refocus on and evolve from core iconic products to make them even more desirable to today's consumer. The response so far has been very positive. In conclusion, we are making good progress against our Way Forward Plan. While most of it is still to be done, I'm excited with what I see. During the last three months, while we have been getting ready to execute the holiday season, I've been traveling extensively and spent much time with our teams and our biggest customers. From my perspective, whether I'm in Little Rock, Arkansas with our friends at Dillard's, or seeing our newly renovated flagship store come to life on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, or visiting our new Polo store on Regent Street in London, I feel the excitement from our teams and partners that we're starting to move towards unlocking the true potential of this great brand that Ralph started almost 50 years ago. So, with that, I would like to turn the call over to Jane.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Stefan, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be with all of you and to be a part of the Ralph Lauren team. I'm excited about executing our Way Forward Plan and sharing our progress with you. Second quarter net revenues of $1.8 billion were down 8% to last year on both a reported and constant currency basis. This reflects our quality of sales initiatives starting to take hold and is in line with the guidance we provided in August of mid- to high-single-digit revenue decline. Foreign currency translation did not have a material impact on revenue growth in the second quarter. On an adjusted basis, gross margin was 56.9% in the second quarter, excluding non-cash inventory-related charges of $81 million associated with our restructuring activities. This was 40 basis points above prior year, primarily driven by favorable geographic and channel mix shifts, improved product costing and initiatives to improve quality of sale, primarily through reduced promotional activity in our international businesses. This was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of approximately 80 basis points. Operating expenses on an adjusted basis were $809 million, excluding $69 million in restructuring and other related charges. These expenses were down 4% compared to last year, primarily as a result of expense initiatives under the Way Forward Plan, including head-count reductions and seven store closures. Store closures in the second quarter were lower than expectations. We delayed closures to take advantage of the peak holiday shopping period and to minimize store closure costs through negotiations with our landlords. Adjusted operating margin in the second quarter was 12.4%, excluding $150 million in restructuring and other related charges. This was 110 basis points below last year due to fixed cost expense de-leverage on lower net revenues, which was partially offset by our improved gross margin. The adjusted operating margin performance was better than the outlook we provided in August of a 200-basis-point to 250-basis-point decline. This was primarily driven by improved gross margin in our international markets and a change in the timing of about $12 million of planned SG&A expense, which benefited the second quarter and will shift into the third quarter. Adjusted net income for the second quarter was $158 million or $1.90 per diluted share, excluding restructuring and other related charges. On a reported basis, net income in the second quarter was $45 million or $0.55 per diluted share. The effective tax rate was 29% in the second quarter on an adjusted basis, similar to the effective tax rate of 29% in the prior-year period. Moving on to segment performance. Wholesale revenues decreased 10% to $831 million on both a reported and constant currency basis in the second quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by a decline in North America, as shipments were strategically reduced as a part of the Way Forward Plan. This was partially offset by wholesale revenue growth in Europe. Adjusted wholesale operating margin in the second quarter was 26.4%, excluding restructuring and other related charges. This was 40 basis points below prior year. Retail segment sales decreased 5% to $942 million on a reported basis and were down 6% on a constant currency basis, driven by a comparable store sales decline. Consolidated comparable store sales decreased 9% in constant currency and 8% as reported, primarily due to challenging traffic and average dollar transaction trends. Similarly, global e-commerce revenues declined 7% during the quarter on a reported basis and 6% in constant currency, driven by our price harmonization initiatives. Retail operating margin in the second quarter, excluding restructuring and other related charges, was 11.8%, which was 100 basis points below the prior-year period. Licensing revenues increased 2% on a reported basis and were flat in constant currency. Licensing segment operating income increased 5% in the second quarter compared with the prior-year period. Turning to distribution. At the end of the second quarter, we had 485 directly-operated standalone stores and 620 concessions globally. Compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the company had five net new directly-operated stores and 44 net new concession shops at the end of this second quarter. In addition, our international licensing partners operated 102 Ralph Lauren stores and 20 dedicated shops, as well as 59 Club Monaco stores and 77 Club Monaco concession shops at the end of the second quarter. We continued to close underperforming doors that we identified as a part of the Way Forward Plan. In the second quarter, we closed seven standalone stores, bringing the total for the first half to 15 store closures as a part of our restructuring activity. These stores were geographically dispersed and primarily in our full-price concept. For the full year, we still expect to close approximately 50 stores. More of the closures are now slated for the fourth quarter, after the holiday period. We continue to take a pragmatic approach to closures, balancing closure timing with realizing peak holiday season sales volume, and minimizing door closure costs. Additionally, we continue to right-size our cost structure and expect to make continued progress as we close out our fiscal year. Now, let me provide you with an update on our restructuring activities related to the Way Forward Plan. The company continues to expect restructuring activities to result in approximately $180 million to $220 million of annualized expense savings related to its initiatives to streamline the organization structure and right-size the cost structure, and our efforts to optimize the real estate portfolio. We continue to expect restructuring charges of about $400 million as a result of our Way Forward Plan, and about $150 million in inventory charges related to our restructuring activities. These charges are expected to be substantially realized by the end of fiscal 2017. In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, the company recorded $150 million in restructuring-related impairment and inventory charges. Moving on to the balance sheet. Consolidated inventory was $1.2 billion at the end of the second quarter, down 15%, or $200 million compared to the end of the prior-year period. The reduction was attributable to both restructuring actions and about 40% due to our operating process initiatives to reduce inventory, including a proactive pullback in receipts and our early efforts to move towards a demand-driven supply chain. Our progress in the second quarter increases our confidence that inventory will continue to show double-digit declines for the remainder of the year, and inventory quality will continue to improve. Moving on to capital expenditures. We spent $87 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to $134 million in the prior-year period, mostly to support our retail store network and infrastructure projects. During the second quarter, approximately 80,000 shares of Class A common stock were retired as a part of the $100 million accelerated share repurchase program the company initiated in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. There were no new share repurchases in the second quarter. At the end of the second quarter, $200 million remained available for future share repurchases. We ended the second quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet, and $692 million of total debt. I'd like to now turn to guidance for fiscal 2017. As a reminder, this guidance excludes the restructuring and other related charges in connection with the company's Way Forward Plan. For fiscal 2017, we are maintaining our guidance. We continue to expect consolidated net revenues to decrease at a low-double-digit rate, as we execute our Way Forward Plan. Key elements include a proactive pullback in inventory receipts, store closures, pricing harmonization and quality of sale initiatives. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to have minimal impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2017. The company continues to expect operating margin for fiscal 2017 to be approximately 10%, as cost savings are expected to be offset by growth in new store expenses, unfavorable foreign currency impacts in gross margin and SG&A, infrastructure investments and fixed expense de-leverage. Fiscal 2017 tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%. For the third quarter, the company expects consolidated net revenues to be down low-double digits to down low-teens on a reported basis. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency is expected to have a minimal impact on revenue growth, but should pressure gross margin by at least 120 basis points. Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be approximately 200 to 225 basis points below the comparable year-prior period. Key pressure points are FX pressures to gross margin and the shift in timing of about $12 million of planned operating expenses from the second to the third quarter. In addition, savings initiatives from the Way Forward Plan will be more fully realized in the fourth quarter, as more store closures are slated for after the holiday period. The third quarter tax rate is estimated at 29%. In closing, we are pleased with the progress we are making on our Way Forward Plan. We have the key elements in place to ensure continued progress. We have strong and collaborative relationships with our wholesale partners, a strong brand, a strong balance sheet, and a motivated and committed team of over 25,000 Ralph Lauren employees around the globe. With that, I'd like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning. Congrats on the progress.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Omar.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Omar.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Sure. Yeah, I wanted to ask, I mean, kind of a macro question. It's super turbulent out there still, a lot of moving pieces from a top-down perspective in the markets on a global basis. You're making progress on the Way Forward Plan. How do you think about your ability to stick to that plan and for the plan to hold up, given all the changes and turbulence in the marketplace, both from a near-term and a long-term perspective? Thanks.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Omar. Well, my perspective has always been and will be that the highest performing companies and management teams out there are focused on what they can influence. So, when we look at the Way Forward Plan, it's largely within our control. So, independently of macro environment, it's the same macro environment for us as for all of our competitors, we are focused as a management team to execute on our plan. And that's what both Jane and I and the management team are excited about, is to see the progress that we are making in executing from going from developing the plan to executing the plan, that we are seeing that we are making progress in all the areas that we set out to make progress with. And so, independently of where the environment is going, we are going to stay focused, increase our focus on what we can control, and continue to drive and continue to learn and improve and learn and improve. So, that's my philosophy.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning and congrats on the progress. And, Jane, it's nice to hear you back.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Let me just ask you two quick questions. You have a lot of moving parts on the retail side, but with some of the store closures pushing into fourth quarter, I think it's important to kind of think about the change in the cadence in terms of what that means looking out past your fiscal 2017. It probably means we'd expect to see some of the year-over-year impact of those closures more focused in the first half of 2018, if that's safe to assume. Can you help us fine-tune the guidance for revenues that were going to be stabilizing in fiscal 2018 based on that change and how we can think about magnitude? And then, just on the gross margin for our models in the third quarter, can the gross margin in the third quarter actually be positive year-over-year if we include that 120-basis-point drag from currency that you mentioned, Jane? Thanks.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah. So, Michael, as you look at it, we have looked at those store closures. As I said, we're going to be very pragmatic about capturing holiday season sales and negotiating the best deals possible with our landlords. Obviously, if we close at the end of the year, there will be a spillover effect on growth into FY 2018 from store closures. But remember, those stores are smallest and least productive doors. So, while that will be a factor and we'll play that into our initiatives, overall our guidance for FY 2018 that we will see stabilization is still intact. As we did with the North America comeback plan, we are working through 2018 on an initiative-by-initiative basis, and we'll come back to you in the fourth quarter, as is our practice, and give you much more specific guidance on that. And then, as you look at the third quarter overall in terms of gross margin, here's what I see in terms of headwinds and tailwinds. The tailwinds that we saw in the second quarter of the benefit of product and channel mix, and the benefit of markdown rates, notably in our international markets, those are going to be intact as we move into quarters three and four. The headwind, as you saw in Q2, will be FX, and it will increase. We are at 80 basis points in Q2. It's going to go up to about 120 basis points in Q3. But I still remain optimistic about our ability to move through on a conservative basis to hold, or even grow, gross margin.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My question was on the discontinuation of Denim & Supply. How that could impact the sales outlook as well for next fiscal year? And how should we think about that space in the department stores? It seems to have pretty good real estate and prevalent space in the department store. How should we think about what that will look like going forward?
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Jane do you want to start for the Denim &...
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah. Just overall, in terms of Denim & Supply, as we looked at that brand, it's a pretty small portion of our revenue. It's about 2% of global net sales. So it's not a material impact. And further, as we've looked at our portfolio of brands, we think we have a great opportunity in Polo and in Denim specifically to recapture those sales over time. So we feel really good about continuing the plan of refocusing on the core, stretching our very strong brands like Polo to pick up the opportunity that we had in Denim & Supply, and to move forward from there.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And when it comes to the space in department stores, what's been important for myself and the team when we work on the North American comeback is that it's about the partnership with our wholesale customers, and we have had that from day one. So our space in the department stores comes back to our brand strength, our strong market share with the consumer, and our ability to come back to strength. And what excited me from day one is the excitement from the wholesale partners in driving these initiatives that will drive us jointly back to high performance. One being the shorter lead times, being able to buy much closer in and being able to react to the sales trend in season. That's something that's viewed very favorable by our partners and they have, frankly, been waiting for us to get our assessment done and get going. And now we're in the exciting stage of getting going together.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I had a quick housekeeping question for Jane. Given some of the volatility in currency, I was curious if  I don't think the outlook for FX impact on revenue has changed much, but has your view on the impact of gross profit or earnings changed at all? In other words, is there more of a headwind embedded in your updated guidance or is it consistent? And then my bigger question for Stephan is  thank you for the initial detail on Jeff's thoughts on the North American comeback. You talked about cutting 20% to 25% of your sort of tail distribution points. Can you talk about the complexion of those changes retail versus wholesale? Whether that involves additional store closures of above and beyond what you've already announced? And how you plan to reinvest more aggressively in the core areas that you're sticking with? Thanks.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah, Lindsay, as we looked at FX impact, we have seen an impact overall to FX, and largely it's playing out in terms of gross margin. Our guidance is still intact. We are accommodating that change within our operations. But as I look at operating profits, foreign currency will have about 100-basis-point impact to overall operating margin for the full year. Do you want to do the 20% to...
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes. So, when it comes to the 20% to 25%, cutting the tail of the distribution in wholesale, it's the shops. It's the bottom 20%, 25%, the least productive shops. So, even though it's a high number in terms of share of the shops being cut, it's a very low number in terms of sales and even lower number in terms of profit, both for ourselves and our partners. So it follows the same strategy as the assortment strategy. It goes back to the core, and the core doors and the core shops for us are very important. And we're going to refocus our energy there and making sure that we provide an outstanding shopping experience there, and that will drive our comeback.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Jane, welcome. Congratulations.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Bob.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: The question that I have is, can you talk a little bit about tourism trends both in the U.S. and in your international stores and how that's impacting the results?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah, Bob. As we've looked at foreign tourist trends overall, we continue to see a decline in overall tourist traffic. But I will tell you, both in the first and the second quarter, we've seen an improvement. Although they're still down, we've seen an improvement versus prior year. So it's not as severe as it was, but we do still see that traffic down, and it's most notable in our outlet business.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and welcome aboard, Jane.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just curious, so wholesale down 10% in Q2. I think North America in Q1 was down around mid-teens. I'm just curious if you could comment on what the North America piece of wholesale looked like in the second quarter. And then, just for the back half, to hit your plan for the year, what you're kind of expecting out of the North America wholesale channel as well? Thank you.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah. Overall, Ike, we do see that North America  one of the reasons that we focused the North America comeback plan to high performance, the first phase is on wholesale is because it's so important to our business and we're not satisfied with the overall trends. So, as we continue to focus on pulling back inventory, closing doors, moving back from the heavy promotional activity, we expect to see continued pressure in that North America wholesale business and that was contemplated in our guidance.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Steven Zaccone - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Steve Zaccone on for Matt today. Thanks very much for taking our questions. I had a question, your second-quarter comps came in slightly below our model. Just looking for the full year, to hit your top-line guidance, how should we think about comps in the second half of the year?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Well, we are holding to our overall comp guidance of down mid- to high-single digits. So I think you can do the math and you'll see a little bit of an uptick in the second half.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Good morning, everyone, and nice to see the progress.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Hi, Dana.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi. Jane, welcome. Jane, as you think about turnarounds you've done in the past, what's most similar or dissimilar compared to what you've executed in the past? And how do you see the progress here? And Stefan, how do you look at the three brands that you're focusing on, the difference between price and margins, as you continue to evolve the business? Thank you.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah, Dana. I'd say that one of the things that when I came into Ralph Lauren that pleasantly surprised me is this is an organization that's really ready for change. And although Stefan unveiled the Way Forward Plan in June, I think the organization has embraced it enthusiastically. The difference between from what I see at Ralph Lauren is that we have to work in partnership with our wholesale partners in order to effect this comeback that we've outlined. I think, as we unveiled the North America comeback plan, that is certainly our intent. So the need for partnership is one of the most notable things that I see. But, overall, obviously with the early signs of progress, I'm very encouraged.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And, Dana, when it comes to our brands and our progress within our brands and my thoughts connecting through pricing and margin there. So, as I shared in the opening remarks, I'm excited by the work that Valrie and the brand teams are doing in being very strategic in identifying the unproductive product tail, the assortment tail, and cutting that. And we see and measure the progress on that. But that's just an enabler to then put more focus and more creativity and to refocus on executing the core. And then, thirdly, it will be about adding strategic newness. And so it should have a positive margin affect. And as of now, we are early into the execution of the plan and I see the brand teams taking the steps that are necessary for us to unlock the strength in the assortment. So I'm excited even though it's early days.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Hello. Congratulations. And I'd like to ask what your plans are on the outlet side of the business. The penetration of outlets is increasing as store closures start. How do you think about the health of that outlet business and the potential for that outlet business and the mix over the long-term?
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes. So my take on outlet is that it's an important channel for us and it's an important channel to keep in balance with the full-price selling. So, as we have mentioned before, our outlet presence in North America, given that that's our biggest market, is not high in relation to many other very strong brands and high-performing brands. So what we are doing is two things when it comes to outlet. We are making sure that we keep outlet in balance with the rest of the channels, so that we can deliver on our overall Way Forward goals, which is to strengthen our brand and drive sustainable profitable sales growth. And in parallel, we are optimizing the outlet business that we have.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah. And I would say that so many of the Way Forward Plan initiatives, the improvement of product assortment, buying closer in to demand are going to benefit the outlet channels, breakthrough marketing, are all going to benefit the outlet channel as well.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And one of our strengths as a brand is the masspirational appeal of what Ralph and the team have created over some 50 years that it appeals to absolute luxury, as you can see on the runway show that we had where we went back to the DNA, the mansion on Madison Avenue, and added newness and we created 2, 2.5 times the media value. And then we have aspirational luxury in Polo and then we have entry through our outlets. So the strength for us is that appeal to every part of the market and our job as a management team is to keep the right balance.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. My question is about your retail business. Can you talk about how unit demand has changed as the ASPs have gone up? And has that met your expectations and have you tested different ASPs to see how demand is impacted as prices change?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah. So what we've seen, Jay, is we are always testing pricing. Pricing is such an important lever in our market. And what we've seen in Asia, where we've seen our AURs go up or ASPs go up 10%, is that we've been able, if I take outdoor closures, is that we've been able to hold on to most of our unit demand. And so, that's really the sweet spot for us. Obviously, this Way Forward Plan is predicated on a long-term rise of AURs, but we'll take those sequentially over time as we're largely happy with our price points. But that is a part of the Way Forward Plan.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on the wholesale strategy in North America. Could you just quantify the sales volume of that 20% to 25% doors that you're closing and then the timeframe of shuttering those doors? And then, secondly, related to that strategy, you talked about further partnering with your top wholesale accounts, but reducing product going to value, or value channels. With that as the context, how do you view the role of T.J.Maxx going forward? Thanks.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So, Erinn, as I look at the volumes in, what I'm calling, what we're saying is the tail of our distribution, that 20%, 25% of the doors. It's about 1% of overall sales, so not a material amount of sales. And obviously it's not a material amount of sales, and it's our least profitable points of distribution in the wholesale doors. And we've really taken time to look across the wholesale doors and look at points of distribution. Obviously, we have a portfolio of brand, look at points of distribution within the department store, and go in surgically to eliminate the least profitable and lowest sales points of distribution even within the door.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: And when it comes to the distribution overall, including off-price, our distribution strategy is to follow where the consumer is going and keeping the balance between the different channels. And one way of improving the quality of sales and improving the full-price channels' performance is to reduce the buys. So it's the number one driver in the North American comeback is to reduce our overall inventory buys to better match demand. And the way we reduce them is one is reducing them to demand and buying closer in, it's a way of reducing, and being more accurate and having to buy less. So our idea is to buy less and sell more at the higher AUR.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah. And Erinn, right now we're working with our wholesale partners on this effort to cut the door tail and we're adjusting our buys, as we speak, to make sure that that's fully incorporated into our buys.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay. We'll take one last question, and then come back for closing remarks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from John Kernan with Cowen & Company.
John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in. Welcome, Jane.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, John.
John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC: Stefan, I know the Way Forward Plan, two of the four key pillars did center around sourcing and supply chain. So I'm wondering what you're seeing in terms of product costs and your ability to bring product costs down as we look into spring 2017. And can you just comment on product costs and any direction there, and the impact on gross margin would be helpful?
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So it's probably a combination between Jane and I. But I can start in terms of I'm very pleased with seeing how our sourcing teams are rising to the Way Forward challenge, and sourcing starting to become a strategic value driver for us. So, one very concrete progress that we have made there is to platform our fabric. So, when we platform and consolidate our fabric of our core products, we can get a number of benefits at the same time. We increased the quality, to start with, because we are going to compete with quality. So we increased quality. We increased our ability to negotiate the better cost price for that fabric. And we increased our flexibility and can shorten our lead times dramatically. So, that's just one of a number of sourcing initiatives that we are driving that will have a direct impact on the P&L over time.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yeah. Just in terms of gross margin, so I looked at this quarter sort of in biggest impact. Our biggest impact was the favorable geographic and channel mix. Improved product costing was our second most favorable impact, followed by initiative to reduce markdowns, especially in our international market. I do view this as a long-term tailwind for us. Obviously, given the current long cycle times, it'll play out over time. But I do view it as something that we'll see as a favorable tailwind to gross margin.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: This is something that Halide and the team, the sourcing team, they are also taking a partnership approach with our best suppliers and partnering up with them to unlock joint value. And we are seeing good progress on their work.
John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay.
Evren Kopelman - Ralph Lauren Corp.: Okay.
Stefan Larsson - Ralph Lauren Corp.: So, that was the question. So, in closing, I would like to say that I'm excited by the good progress of starting to execute our Way Forward Plan. I'm very grateful for how the team has embraced this and how we step-by-step start to execute and drive improvements and learn from those improvements. So this will be a continuous improvements journey that we just started, but I'm very excited by that. Excited also by the North American comeback plan that we have a strategy to come back to strength in North America. And I'm pleased that we're keeping the guidance that we set out during the Investor Day. So, with that, I would like to thank you for joining the call today and look forward to speak with you in a quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-08-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC Robert F. Ohmes - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. With me today are Stefan Larsson, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Madore, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. Principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filing. To find disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our financial results, you should refer to this morning's earnings release and to our SEC filing that could be found in our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Stefan.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. We last spoke at our Investor Day in early June where we shared with you the details of our Way Forward Plan. The Way Forward Plan is our multi-year plan to build on the unique brand strength we have, go back to the core of what made us iconic, evolve from that core and build the business back to sustainable profitable growth. Today, I will share my key takeaways from the first quarter and then provide a brief update on what we have achieved and learned so far in starting to drive the execution of our Way Forward Plan. Then I will turn it over to Bob to review the company's quarterly financial performance in more detail. Beginning with the quarter, performance was mostly in line with our expectations with some minor puts and takes, as we would expect at this early stage of the execution of our Way Forward Plan. On the revenue side, the domestic business, as expected, continued to be challenged while the international business delivered a strong quarter, posting 10% revenue growth year-over-year. The main drivers to the decline in North America are what we shared in detail during the Investor Day. A combination of not having evolved our consumer offering enough in product, marketing, shopping experience, and having had an operating model that has generated too much excess inventory. Having these self-induced challenges are hurting us when we, like everyone else, are facing difficult retail traffic trends in a highly promotional environment. In our international markets, even though we have a much smaller presence there than in North America and we globally have much improvement work to do ahead of us, there were valuable learnings in the quarter that we will use in building back strength in our domestic business. Let me give you a few examples. In Asia, over the last six months, we have acted aggressively to drive quality of sales up. Our team there proactively closed 43 brand weakening locations, reduced the length of the sale period by an average of 30% and significantly decreased the depth of markdown rates. We have seen some very encouraging results. Our average unit retail prices and our gross profit dollars were both up significantly. Simultaneously, the team has continued to drive high quality expansion. In Europe, as expected, this quarter benefited from a shift in timing of wholesale shipments. However, the underlying business was also solid and our team has driven several successful quality of sale initiatives. They have been able to reduce buys for this year in a way that has protected full price selling, increased the stock turnover and if the current trend continues, will significantly reduce excess inventory at the end of the season. As a part of executing the Way Forward Plan, you will see us increasingly focus on proactively driving quality of sales up. These initiatives will include pulling back on inventory receipts, cutting lead times, strengthening our assortment and store closures. These will be some of the most important drivers in getting us back to sustainable profitable growth. Speaking of profitability, in the first quarter, operating margin was better than our guidance, however, this was driven by one time benefits that Bob will take you through in detail. Excluding this impact, the quarter was in line with our expectations. Now let me give you an update on our progress on the execution of the Way Forward Plan. As you recall from Investor Day, the Way Forward Plan is built up of a consumer facing part where we are going refocus on and evolve from the core in product, marketing and the shopping experience. And the second part that is about evolving the operating model where we are developing four business engines: a systematic repeatable way of building a stronger assortment, a demand-driven supply chain, a best in class sourcing, and a multi-channel global expansion strategy. Underlying both of these two parts is the foundational strengthening of the leadership team and culture, as well as developing a strong economic model. Let me start by sharing how we have strengthened the foundation, starting with the leadership team. Jane Nielsen, our new Chief Financial Officer will be starting right after Labor Day. I can't tell you how excited I am to soon have Jane here on the ground working next to me. Jane has the knowledge and experience to support us with driving a very strong execution. Jeff Kuster, our new Group President for the Americas, has been on the ground for a month. He has already met several of our biggest customers and started the work, together with his team, to build a value-creating plan that will get us back to high performance in North America. Halide Alagz, our new Head of Global Sourcing, who started in early June, has already had a positive effect on the sourcing decisions we are making. She's working very closely with her team to build a best-in-class sourcing capability. Bill Campbell, our new Head of Global Supply Chain and Inventory Management, will be leaving Amazon shortly and joining us in early October. Finally, Fredrik Hjalmers, our Head of Global Expansion, started in June and has begun the work with his team to build out a global multi-brand and multi-channel expansion plan. Moving to the progress we have made in strengthening the organization. We already completed the planned right-sizing of our head count by decreasing it with 8% and reduced layers from an average of nine to six, increasing each leader's span of control. The biggest positive effect of this is that we have become leaner, faster, we'll empower the doers and reclaim the entrepreneurial culture. In addition, it drives an SG&A saving of approximately $115 million on an annualized basis already this year. Completing the planned right-sizing of the organization has given us a good start in fixing the overall cost structure and developing a disciplined financial model. We are also underway with closing the under-performing stores we identified as part of the Way Forward Plan. In the first quarter, we closed eight of the 50-plus total stores under consideration. We're also on track to getting the other targeted SG&A cost savings out during the remainder of the year. Let me now move to the consumer facing part of the Way Forward Plan and share some highlights that we are driving there. For the last few months, Valerie Hermann and the other brand presidents have been intensely centered on refocusing our core product offering and evolving from that core. And in doing that, we have not only been able to improve our classic iconic styles, but we have also been able to start cutting the long tail of unproductive styles. So far, we have been able to partially impact what we bought for spring 2017 with a double-digit percentage reduction in the number of SKUs across our biggest brands. The bigger impact in both evolving the product core and cutting more of the long tail will be seen for fall 2017 when we will be able to not just reduce what we buy, but also what we develop. As we discussed in June, a big value-driver that is connected to evolving our products and assortment is developing best-in-class sourcing. Just a few weeks after Halide started as our head of sourcing, she and I held a very important meeting in Asia with our key strategic suppliers where we solicited their support in driving increased quality, decreased cost and increased flexibility and speed in our sourcing. We received a very strong response from many of our suppliers and together with them, we have already started to make measurable improvements in driving quality up, costs down on comparable products and decreasing our time to market. We are also full speed ahead with shortening our lead times from 15 to nine months, and even though the full effect will not be seen for a few seasons, we will be 50% there already by the end of this year. Next year, we should be 90% of the way there. Almost equally important to cutting the overall lead times down is the work we are doing in building an eight-week test and rapid response pipeline. For this year we're just starting and by next fall we will have the capability that will enable testing on most of the new product ideas before introduction. The work of developing a demand driven supply chain has just started. Even though Bill Campbell is not starting until October, we have already adjusted our inventory levels down to better match demand and decreased excess inventory that drove excess markdowns and cannibalization. Overall inventory levels are projected to go down for the remainder of the year. In parallel to driving the execution of the Way Forward Plan, there were several important examples recently that demonstrated how we're building strength in the business from a position of unique and iconic brand strength. One of those proud moments was our presence at Wimbledon earlier this summer and another was the Olympic ceremony this last Friday where we could see team U.S.A. walk into the stadium demonstrating the strength of American iconic style. We are so proud to be able to partner up with and support the U.S. Olympic team. In conclusion, even though it's early days in the execution of our Way Forward Plan, this is a multiyear journey and we are now one quarter in, just in the beginning of the execution phase. I'm very pleased with the progress we are making. We have guided this year as a reset and stabilize year and that is what we're delivering on. We will continue to balance meeting our near term commitments with staying on track to execute our long-term Way Forward Plan. As I noted, we have made progress in a number of areas from strengthening the leadership team to starting to improve the product and assortment building, starting to cut the lead times and improving our sourcing, to the execution in the regions and the cost initiatives. I'm excited to see our teams taking on the challenges head on and we believe the company is again moving in the right direction. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Thank you, Stefan, and good morning, everyone. First quarter net revenues of $1.6 billion were down 4% compared to the prior-year period on both the reported and constant currency basis. This is in line with the guidance we provided this past June of a mid-single-digit revenue decline. Foreign currency translation did not have a material impact on revenue growth in the first quarter. On adjusted basis, gross profit margin was 61.1% in the first quarter excluding noncash inventory related charges of $54 million associated with our restructuring activities. This was 130 basis points above the prior-year period primarily reflecting favorable sales mix shift, lower product costs, and an improvement in Asia driven by initiatives to improve quality sale metrics. Operating expenses on an adjusted basis were $821 million excluding $105 million in restructuring and other related charges. These expenses were down only 1% to last year as our head count reduction in other expense initiatives under the Way Forward Plan had limited benefit in the first quarter due to the timing of these activities. Adjusted operating margin in the first quarter was 8.2% excluding $159 million in restructuring and other related charges. This was 60 basis points below last year due to fixed expense deleverage on lower net revenues, and partially offset by higher gross margin. The adjusted operating margin performance was better than the outlook we provided in June of a 110 basis point to 160 basis point decline, driven by more favorable impact of our inventory management initiatives, specifically lower inventory reserves due to restructuring related inventory charges as well as product mix. The product mix shift was significant in Europe, and was driven by a higher level of summer product within the wholesale shipments and a higher level of made for factory product in factory stores due to less excess inventory. Adjusted net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was $90 million or $1.06 per diluted share excluding restructuring and other related charges. On a reported basis, net loss in the first quarter was $22 million or a loss of $0.27 per diluted share. The effective tax rate was 29% in the first quarter, on an adjusted basis, compared to an effective tax rate of 30% in the prior-year period. Moving on to segment performance, wholesale revenues decreased 5% on both reported and constant currency in the first quarter to $607 million. The decrease was primarily due to a decline in North America, as the U.S. department store channel continued to experience challenging traffic trends. This was partially offset by wholesale revenue growth in Europe, primarily driven by a benefit from timing of shipments relative to last year in addition to proactive measures taken to clear inventory. Adjusted wholesale operating margin in the first quarter was 23.7% excluding restructuring and other related charges. This was 190 basis points above the prior-year period driven by a higher gross margin. Retail segment sales decreased 3% in both reported and constant currency in the first quarter to $907 million. The sales decline was driven by a comparable store sales decline that was partially offset by non-comparable store sales growth. Consolidated comparable store sales decreased 7% in constant currency and 6% as reported during the first quarter, primarily driven by lower traffic trends during the quarter in a challenging macro environment in most regions. Global e-commerce revenues declined 6% during the quarter on a reported basis, primarily due to the company's pricing harmonization and other quality of sale initiatives. At the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017 we had 485 directly operated standalone stores and 598 concessions globally. Compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the company had 18 net new directly operated stores and 40 net new concessions shops at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017. In addition, our international licensing partners operated 96 Ralph Lauren stores and 17 dedicated shops, as well as 60 Club Monaco stores and 74 Club Monaco concession shops at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Retail operating margin in the first quarter excluding restructuring and other related charges was 13.8%, which was 120 basis points above the prior-year period due to a higher gross margin. Licensing revenues decreased 8% in both reported and constant currency, impacted by timing of shipments during the quarter. Licensing segment operating income down 7% in the first quarter compared with the prior-year period. Now I'd like to provide some color on our performance by geography in the first quarter. In the Americas net revenue declined 11% as we continued to see pressure in the U.S. department store channel. Same-store sales were down high-single digits in North America in the first quarter driven by traffic challenges. In Europe net revenues increased 14% on a reported basis and grew 15% in constant currency. This growth was mostly driven by a benefit from timing of shipments relative to last year. Excluding this shift, the underlying trend was solid in the quarter. Going forward we note that the potential impact of Brexit on consumer spending and geopolitical volatility in the region are increasing uncertainty in this market. In Asia net revenues increased 3% on a reported basis and were flat with the prior-year period in constant currency. We experienced continued growth in Japan and Australia. Same-store sales growth was negatively impacted by our ongoing strategy to improve our quality of sale metrics in the region. We continue to experience gross margin improvement and average unit retails were up significantly while markdown rates were down significantly. Now let me provide you with an update on our restructuring activities related to the Way Forward Plan. The company continues to expect restructuring activities to result in approximately $180 million to $220 million of annualized expense savings related to its initiatives to streamline the organizational structure and right size its cost structure and real estate portfolio. We continue to expect restructuring charges of up to $400 million as a result of the fiscal 2017 restructuring activities and up to $150 million inventory charge associated with the company's Way Forward Plan. These charges are expected to be substantially realized by the end of fiscal 2017. In the first quarter of fiscal 2017 the company recorded $104 million in restructuring and related impairment charges and $50 million in inventory charges. Now moving on to the balance sheet. Consolidated inventory was $1.2 billion at the end of the first quarter, down 2% year over year. The company expects inventory quality to continue to improve on the balance sheet, as inventory clearance activities continue. Moving to capital expenditures, we spent $78 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to $68 million in the prior-year period mostly to support our retail store network, concession shops and infrastructure projects. During the first quarter the company paid approximately $100 million related to repurchase of its Class A common stock. At the end of the quarter approximately $200 million remained available for future share repurchases. We ended the year with approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet and $692 million of total debt. Now I'd like to turn to guidance for fiscal 2017. As a reminder, this guidance excludes restructuring, impairment and inventory related charges in connection with the company's Way Forward Plan. For fiscal 2017 the company continues to expect consolidated net revenues to decrease at a low double-digit rate due to a proactive pullback in inventory receipts, store closures, pricing harmonization and other quality of sales initiatives combined the weak retail traffic and a highly promotional environment in the U.S. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency will have minimal impact on revenue growth in fiscal 2017. The company continues to expect operating margin for fiscal 2017 to be approximately 10%, as cost savings are expected to be offset by growth in new store expenses, unfavorable foreign currency impacts, infrastructure investments and fixed expense deleverage. The fiscal 2017 tax rate is estimated to be approximately 29%. For the second quarter of fiscal 2017 the company expects consolidated net revenues to be down mid to high-single digits on a reported basis. Based on current exchange rates, foreign currency will have minimal impact on revenue growth in the second quarter. Operating margin for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 is expected to be 200 basis points to 250 basis points below the comparable prior-year period. Initiatives under the Way Forward Plan are expected to have a greater impact in the second half of the fiscal year than the second quarter. Second quarter tax rate is estimated at 29%. With that, we'll open up the call for your questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Good morning. Thanks for the update. I guess my question I want to ask  maybe for a little bit more information and insight on what you learned in Asia as you kind of improved the quality of sales there. It is a different market in terms of it is a lot more owned retail or concession model, you don't have that kind of big wholesale piece. Trying to understand  I also think the brand maybe is a little bit  the architecture is a little bit simpler in Asia. Maybe help us understand what is the difference between the Asian market, what you are learning there, and maybe what we can expect in North America, which is  because of the omni-channel wholesale brand architecture might be a different path towards elevating the quality of sales. Thanks.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yeah, thank you, Omar. The biggest changes that we've made to support and strengthen the quality of sale that we're seeing in Asia is to really significantly cut back on our promotional stance two different ways. One, significantly shortening the length of promotion. And two, just the depth of the discounting and the markdown. And what we've seen is overall from a quality of sale perspective, whether it's looking at discount rate, which has decreased significantly. We've seen a very significant increase in average unit retail. And although we've seen a more moderate decrease in UPTs, overall it's driving a stronger average transaction value for us. That's been the biggest change and the biggest benefit that we've seen from that.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: When it comes to Jeff Kuster, who just started, as I mentioned in my opening remark, he is starting with an assessment of the challenge in North America and diagnosing that in detail so we get a facts based view on what we are up against. And then we are pivoting to building a plan to increase quality of sales in North America. So differences there, Omar, coming back to your question, there are definitely differences in Asia and North America based on channel differences as being one big difference. But it comes back to how we plan the inventory, how we buy the inventory to demand, how our promotional strategy, our promotional execution and how that plays across channels. That's why the fact based diagnosis is so important. Jeff just started three, four weeks ago and he is underway with the team and will work with the different channels and that's where we're going to add the most value in this analysis, and coming back, that's what gives me the most confidence when it comes to a plan to increase quality of sales. But we are doing this for the first time cross-channel and we're going to do it together with our biggest customers as well. So we are looking forward to come back and provide our insights when we get them.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: I mean, one other thing, Omar, related to the Asia quality of sale improvement. We've also done an in-depth analysis of points of distribution and we reduced approximately 48 points of distribution in Asia this quarter that we felt really didn't properly represent the brand but at the same time we also identified a number of additional points of distribution. So, for an example, in our wholesale channel, which is a relatively small business in Asia, but we saw in the quarter a 48% increase in the number of shops in our wholesale channel, too. So it's both cutting back on promotions, whether it's depth, length, but then also making sure that we're in the correct points of distribution for the brands.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Thanks for the update on the supply chain efforts. I just wondered if you could maybe walk through some of the mechanics of how you are reducing the supply-chain lead time, especially in light of your commentary today about the 50% reduction in lead time this year and 90% by next year.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let's see. Yes. It's not a 50% and 90% reduction of lead time. We're moving  it's a 50%  we're going be 50% on a nine-month lead time by the end of this year and we're going be 90% on a nine-month lead time by next year. As I mentioned on the Investor Day, the biggest change here is a cultural change and it's a change of how we work as a team. So instead of working in a sequential way where you hand over function by function and by that you build in slack in the lead times and you extend the lead times, we are working together cross functionally. So, one thing that has really excited me over the first couple of months digging into the Way Forward execution with the team is to break down the silos, to have design, merchandising, sourcing, sales distribution channel at the table from the first design idea all the way in to selling the actual product. And just by that, we cut a lot of time from the lead times. And then it's about going and mapping through and Halide Alagz is leading that work. She's mapping every single component of the current lead times and looking at how is every component and every day and hour spent adding value to driving brand strength and profitable sales growth and driving a stronger assortment. And I can say that I'm very encouraged by the facts that we are digging up, that we will be 90% on a nine-month lead time by the end of next year. Parallel to that is going be the eight-week test of rapid response pipeline because that's going be a big enabler as well that in a very short period of time we're going to be able to test any and every new big product idea before we go big. And rapid response part of that is to say when we sell something and we see a bigger demand than expected, we will be able to much faster chase back into those products.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Nice quarter. Just one near-term I guess modeling question to help us think about the year, then maybe just a longer-term question. On the model could you help us think about the planned cost-saving split between SG&A and cost of goods sold as we look at both the second quarter and the second half? I guess I thought  I guess we had a little bit upside down in our model. I thought some of the cost reductions you had already taken would have meant more SG&A leverage this quarter, maybe not as much cost of goods. And then longer-term, as you guys laid out the plan for the next four years at the Analyst Day you referred to as 2018 as revenue stabilizing. And as we look at it with the guidance you gave today we were able to do a little bit of math around the year. And we can see that the back half of the year looks like revenues will be down by mid to high teens it looks like. We know in the fourth quarter you will have to lap an Easter shift and an extra week and that you will be closing stores so it will naturally be lower. But certainly some of the drivers on why the growth rate leaving the year will be so low will extend into the first half of next year. I am trying to think if  a little bit of time has gone by now  if you could help us think about how to maybe start quantifying what your reference to stabilizing revenues will look like in fiscal 2018 given what you know about the business today as you start walking into the plan.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yeah. So thank you, Michael. Relative to your first question on the SG&A cost savings. The majority of our restructuring activities are more heavily weighted to the second half of the year. So for instance, our organizational changes were just made in June. So, you'll start to see the benefit of those in Q2, but they'll be much more heavily weighted to the second half. Of the overall savings that we discussed and quantified at the Investors Day relative to the Way Forward Plan of $445 million, that's a gross number. It doesn't represent net savings that'll drop to the bottom line, and all of those savings essentially represent SG&A savings, not cost of goods savings. So more heavily weighted to the second half related to your question on SG&A expenses, particularly as it relates to completion of our anticipated store closures. So, we communicated 50-plus closures. We're actually looking a little deeper at that number, and relative to that 50-plus, we closed eight in Q1. So again, our store closures are more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year, and that's purposeful because we had committed to inventory buys for a lot of those stores and we want to be able to liquidate them through those doors. Relative to the revenue guidance for the remainder of the year, and then I'll turn the question over to Stefan to talk about the guidance for the longer-term period, the high, the mid/high teens are really being driven by, again, timing of store closures, timing related to a number of quality of sale initiatives, whether it's pulling back significantly on inventory receipts which will reduce sales, whether it's the impact of pricing harmonization within regions and channels, et cetera, and we also don't expect as much benefit from sales mix shifts as we've seen in Q1 in particular.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bob. And to build on what Bob just said, Michael, when it comes to the phasing of the Way Forward Plan and the financial outlook we gave on a four-year basis, if you look at  let's start with the phasing. We guided top line, from a phase perspective, to reset and stabilize 2017, moving into 2018, and then pivot to growth. And so why Q3 and Q4, why we should expect an increase in the sales  a decrease of sales in Q3 and Q4 versus the current trend, it comes back to the work Jeff and his team is doing in North America. Given how our  how big North America is of our overall business, the assessment that Jeff and his teams come back with will include several additional quality of sales initiatives. So that's why we have guided the way we have guided.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just as a quick follow up on what Jeff's team is doing. When would you think after they come back with that analysis that those implementations would be in the market? So are we talking about spring of 2017 where we might see a difference in quality of sale? Is friends and family and couponing on the table? And then just on the supply chain, the speed dynamics, you've talked about building a speed pipeline, as you mentioned, on test and react in department stores, which is pretty new. As Halide has done her work, I know she is early on, but I am just curious how that dynamic will work when you're not a vertically integrated retailer, you are relying on your third-party retail partners to get data to test and react to. So maybe just building a little bit on how that might work. Thanks.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Lindsay. So let's try to cover all your questions. So starting with Jeff and his team's work in North America, how soon you will see that come through. What I can say there is it's top priority. It's by far our top priority to assess the North American challenge. And as soon as we have clarity within the next few months, we will start to implement additional quality of sales initiatives. So we keep you posted on a more detailed schedule. But the ambition is full speed forward to assess, get the fact based and then lay out the plan and start executing it right away. So, we should see an impact at the end of this year. When it comes to friends and family and other couponing initiatives are on the table, everything is on the table. Then it's  everything is on the table, and then we look at, how do we drive brand strength and sustainable profitable sales growth in a responsible way from where we are to where we are heading. Eight-week speed pipeline. So I mentioned a few times before that coming into this role, the wholesale relationship partnership was new to me, and I was blown away by our biggest customers and their willingness to take on the challenge together with us. So, they are waiting for us to come back and say, relating to the eight week speed pipeline and a number of other areas to say how can we partner up and create joint value out of this. Because when we get into a more balanced inventory and cut most of the excess out and be able to react on eight weeks, then we will be able to create value not only for us but for them. And they are very clear on that. So we have an ongoing dialogue with them, and they are waiting for us to be ready to start to execute on it. What excites me is to see by the speed Halide and her team has come into not only assessing the state but also reaching out to the suppliers. As I mentioned, we went to Asia, Halide and I, and met with our key suppliers. The suppliers that were there represent 70% approximately of our total volume. And we invited them into co-create this journey, to co-create the sourcing part of the Way Forward Plan, which also it didn't surprise me because I'm more experienced from working closely with sourcing partners that they were more than ready to dive in. So, I've seen several concrete examples of how working differently we'll be able to increase quality, decrease the cost and increase the flexibility and the speed.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Thanks. Next question.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matt Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. So, on your wholesale reset, can you just talk a little bit about the process, how you select the doors to consolidate? Is it location volume, is it retail or partner specific? And then just more multi-year, what does your plan consider in terms of a potential larger scale department store closing? Any strategies in place just to offset the potential impact if that were to transpire?  Okay. Thanks, Matt. I'll take that question, which is  it comes back to Jeff's assessment that we need to do the fact-based assessment first. I'm a firm believer in getting the facts crystal clear on the table, put everything on the table and then look at where we're set out to go. Which is one common goal for the whole team which is in the US, for wholesale, for all channels, strengthen the brand and drive profitable sales growth and then map out the path to that. So I'll have to come back to you on the details.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just to go back to the low-double-digit sales decline outlook for the fiscal year. I was wondering if you could give us some more color on the moving pieces that kind of get you there, maybe meaning how much is negative comps from your quality of sale initiatives impacting the retail side of the business versus wholesale decline as you reduce sell-in on inventory. And then maybe just specifically more detail on the North America geography within the wholesale channel for the year, would be really helpful.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yeah. So it's really driven by a combination of things, some of which I've already mentioned. Store closures plays a big role in that as it relates to the retail business. We are planning retail comps at the mid to high single digit level for the remainder of the year. In addition to that, as we said there's a number of quality of sale initiatives that are being undertaken, whether it's pulling back inventory receipts, whether it's significantly reducing promotional cadence, both timeframe and depth of those. All of that is going to drive a pullback on the revenue side of things but it will help strengthen the brand and improve our profitability going forward. Those are the main drivers. One other item worth noting, which is very significant, is pricing harmonization across all the regions. And we found as we did our deep assessment of the business and the challenges that that was a huge issue for us particularly in North America across all our channels and that's a very important initiative.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Hi, Dana.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Let's take the next one, Raya. We'll come back to Dana.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions, just first a follow-up on Europe. Could you just quantify the impact of the timing of the wholesale shift in the region during the quarter? And then I think you mentioned that North American comps were down high-single. How did comps look in Europe? And if there was any variance by region, that would be helpful.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yeah, so the impact of the timing of the wholesale shipments in the first quarter were roughly about $20 million. And then relative to the comp performance, Europe had a low single digit negative comp in the first quarter.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: And we don't really...
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): And was there any...
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: We don't break that out by region or country.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): And then if I could just follow up on the e-commerce, I think you mentioned it was down 6% in the quarter. And I realize you have got kind of the impact of the pricing harmonization. But how should we just think about that channel going forward and what is implied in your guidance in Q2 throughout the balance of the year? Thank you so much.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yeah, you should think of that guidance as mid- to high-single-digit decrease. Really again, driven particularly in North America by the pricing harmonization and the other quality of sale initiatives. We are clearly looking to be much less promotional within that channel.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay. So e-commerce and brick and mortar will be down to the similar level?
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yes.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay. Thank you very much.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Good morning, everyone. As you think about the Way Forward Plan, Stefan, how are you seeing the product evolution evolve? What should we see as we go through the next few quarters or to the next year how you want to see the product resonate with the three brands that you are focusing on? And do price points change? Thank you.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Dana. So when it comes to the product part of the Way Forward Plan, it's all going to be about going back to the core of what made us iconic, and the core of what drives the business, and the core of what the consumer already loves. So the core for us is what we have been known for which is classic, iconic style, and how you will see that refocus and evolving the core, the work that we're doing, how you will see that is that you will gradually see it in spring 2017 and then gradually season by season you will see the core being focused on in terms of, we will make sure that we have an updated classic, iconic style that has an effortless twist that makes it current today. So it's about  you will see that the core from everything from placement to presentation to marketing, it will cut through and it will be one message and it will be a core that is updated and relevant for today.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Okay. Next question, please.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Stefan, I just had a question on this lead time reduction. I just wondered what are the tradeoffs that you have to make as you go down that path? Obviously having shorter lead times, there is the potential of having to have higher product costs, perhaps not. But I am interested if that is part of the tradeoff. Obviously you are trying to save markdowns by being six months smarter about what you are committing to. But I was just wondering if you could kind of walk us through that. Thank you.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, David. So when it comes to tradeoffs, what's been very encouraging to see is that coming back to the work behind and the drivers behind moving from 15 to nine months to start with and adding the eight-week test pipeline, it comes very much back to the disciplined approach of working cross functionally from design idea all the way into the store, and reading the sales and responding to that. So working with Halide and her team and putting sourcing at the table upfront together with design and merchandising has led to that we have been able to move towards the nine-month lead time, have an eight-week speed, increase the quality at the same time as we see costs on comparable products go down. So Halide has, like everyone else working on the Way Forward Plan, she has started  she and her team have started focusing on the core. And that is what will make the biggest difference from a consumer perspective and from a business perspective. And very encouraging to see that we're able to cut the lead times, increase the quality, decrease the price at the same time  decrease the cost price.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. My question is about the store closures. Can you talk to us about what types of stores you're closing? Where they are? What criteria you are using to determine which stores will close? And Bob mentioned, taking a deeper look at store closures, does that mean that you're considering closing possibly more than 50 stores? Thank you.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yes. Thank you, Jay. So the criteria with which we selected stores for closure was really two fold. One was is the store strategic in strengthening the brand? And then secondly, the overall level of profitability were the major drivers, and the major criteria that we looked at. Yes. We are looking at possibly closing more than 50 stores. There were some stores that went through our initial evaluation using those criteria that we may have felt were strategic, and that we could turn the productivity around in the stores. And we're going back and just validating that and questioning that.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen and Company.
John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. It seems like the Way Forward Plan is definitely gaining some momentum. Your gross margin ex restructuring charges was up pretty significantly in the first quarter. Bob, you talked about lower inventory reserves on the balance sheet, but can you help us understand what we should expect for gross margin that's embedded in your guidance for the remainder of the year? Thank you.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yeah, so, the first quarter was benefited from a few things that we consider to be kind of one time in nature, right? So one was the significant favorable sales mix shifts that we experienced from products, geography in a channel perspective. We don't see that magnitude of favorability on the go-forward. With respect to the impact on inventory reserves, and that's really a commentary relative to the guidance that we gave, that as we were working through and executing on our inventory initiatives, whether they're restructuring or other initiatives, what we found is that we did not have to record the level of inventory reserves that we had initiatively estimated when we gave our guidance. So it was just a function of refinement of our restructuring and inventory management activities that were going to be one time in nature relative to the visibility we had when we gave guidance versus how we're seeing things play out as we look at the plans materializing relative to the forecast going forward.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Okay. And we'll take one final question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Robby Ohmes with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert F. Ohmes - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Oh, Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one, I was hoping you could remind us or maybe tell us how e-commerce performed for you guys in the quarter? And maybe, Stefan, remind us where dot-com business fits into the Way Forward Plan globally and sort of what the initiatives are underway there right now? Thanks.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Senior Vice President: Yep. So e-commerce comps were down mid single digits. We had better performance in Europe than we experienced in North America. In North America, our top line revenue was impacted by two things primarily. One again was the pricing harmonization that we talked about. And then also, cutting back on our promotions. We cut back significantly on the length of the promotions, the number of promotions and the discount rate depth relative to how we've historically operated. That's really what drove the North American performance.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: And longer term, John, in terms of the e-commerce role in the Way Forward, it's going to have a really important part. We have mentioned a number of times before that we're going to follow the consumer, where the consumer is going. The consumer is clearly going to e-commerce and mobile first. We are developing an e-commerce platform. Since a while back, we are on target to deliver that. That's going to enable us to not only build a flagship online that's highly aspirational and stands for everything that's Ralph original edition about a life in style and be very focused on the core product strategy, the icon strategy, and it's going be very shoppable at the same time. So when it comes to its role short-term here and now over the next six months, it's going to be a part of Jeff's strategy that he is developing for North America because that's multi-channel and e-commerce is going to play an important role.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. That was the final question. I look at Evren here, and she smiles and nods. So, before we close, I just want to say, on behalf of Ralph, myself and the Board, I would like to thank Bob for all his contributions to the company over the last 12 years. It's going to be your final quarterly call. Thank you. From all of us, and to all of you, thanks for joining on the call today. Look forward to speaking again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-05-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp. Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC Rick Patel - Stephens, Inc. Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016 conference call. With me today are Stefan Larsson, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Madore, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which may include our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now, I will turn the call over to Stefan.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying we are making progress in setting and beginning to execute our strategy to return Ralph Lauren Corporation to profitable growth. In doing that, we will balance driving near-term performance with our long-term vision. I look forward to doing a deep dive on our plan and providing a Q1 and fiscal 2017 outlook, as well as discussing how our plan will translate into long-term financial performance at our Investor Day on June 7. When we last spoke, I shared with you how I spent my first three months in the role; my initial observations and a rough outline of my approach to building the growth plan for this great company. Today, I will provide an overview of our main priorities and recent performance before turning the call over to Bob to discuss the Q4 and fiscal year financial results in more detail. In recent months, while I've been working hard to drive the business here and now, I've also worked closely with our teams to complete the comprehensive review of the business and develop the strategic plan. Through that work, we have gained a very clear understanding of the underlying drivers of the current performance and we now have a detailed view of what's driving the downward trend. In short, we have not focused enough on nor evolved enough the core of what made us great in product, marketing and the shopping experience. In addition, our underlying business engines are not running at full speed. We also have an inefficient cost structure and an organization that's not nimble enough in the marketplace. What made us great was a crystal clear focus on owning classic iconic style and putting an effortless twist to it to make it current and desirable. We will become more true to our core focused assortment on creating the best iconic style in the market and evolve the way we twist it so it becomes more desirable for today. Iconic style made current has never been more relevant. While staying true to our DNA, we will also evolve our marketing and the shopping experience to better reflect the aspirational life and style people dream of today. We have many unique strengths to build on. These include our brand strength, being the original for aspirational authentic American and iconic style, a very strong share position, a talented team and a solid infrastructure. In our diagnosis of the business, I've been deeply embedded with our global teams who create the customer offering. These are the teams that create our products, marketing and shopping experience, as well as run the inventory management, sourcing and supply chain, the core value-creating drivers in our business. They must provide our regions and channels with a consumer offering we need to win versus our best competitors. I've done this deep dive to understand how we create our offering and what drives the underperformance of today. What I've learned is encouraging because we now know what we need to do differently, and we have a clear line of sight to improving the way we connect with consumers and operate the business. For most of my 18-year career in this industry, I've led teams through the process of turning creative energy and talent into high-performance businesses. I know the value driving components of the creative processes from my time with H&M and then in turning around Old Navy. I'm excited to see so much untapped potential at Ralph Lauren and we will leverage our brand vision into a much stronger consumer offering. This offering will be built by evolving our brand voice, our products, our marketing and our shopping experience, in parallel with developing stronger underlying business engines, rightsizing our cost structure and strengthening our leadership team. Getting these elements right will help us connect more with our existing consumers, expand our reach to new consumers and return the business to strong growth over time. An important part of getting back to high-performance is strengthening our leadership team on both the design and operation side of the business. I'm pleased with how we're starting to come together here. We're recruiting new talent and challenging our top performers with expanded roles. A few examples are Valerie Hermann, Fredrik Hjalmers and Holiday Alagos (06:18). Valerie has been with Ralph Lauren for little over two years and has started to build a foundation that will strengthen our luxury business. She has decades of experience in luxury, including CEO of Yves Saint Laurent and Head of Women's Ready to Wear for Dior. She has built a track record of strengthening brands and driving high performance in luxury. She has unique experience in working to commercialize design and drive profitable growth. We have therefore recently expanded Valerie's role as brand president to now also include Lauren, Polo Women's, Chaps and Denim & Supply. Fredrik Hjalmers joined us in April in the newly created role of Senior Vice President, Global Expansion and Business Development. He has seven years of experience leading high performance global expansion to new markets within the H&M Group. Fredrik will be responsible for globally leading the work to create and execute the strongest possible multi-brand and multichannel distribution and expansion strategy for the company, which is one of the core components in our growth plan. Holiday Alagos (07:33) is joining our team in June as Head of Global Sourcing. She has 18 years of experience driving high performance within production and sourcing for H&M and her track record is stellar. Holiday (07:46) has been a key driver for H&M's ability to make sourcing a competitive advantage and she created a tremendous amount of value for them. We're looking forward to Holiday (07:33) coming on board as we develop the best-in-class sourcing strategy. We will continue to strengthen our team in the months and years ahead and I'm happy to say that our teams are aligned and excited about where we're going and how we are going to get there. We will move this company into the future in a way that excites our consumers, beats our competitors and drives value for the company and shareholders. One way Ralph made this company great was by being an entrepreneur and that's what we're going back to. We're going to move fast to begin executing our growth strategy, continuously learn and improve, get closer to the consumer and get back to high performance. Now let me turn to a few key takeaways from our fourth quarter results. As you saw in the press release, net revenues were in line with our expectations for the fourth quarter, down 1% on a reported basis and flat in constant currency. The key driver for the top line performance in the fourth quarter was as expected pressure in North America which was offset by growth in international markets. Following a challenging fall and holiday seasons, we were focused on clearing end of season's inventories across our channels of distribution in the U.S. I've been focusing much of my time on our U.S. business. I've been working closely with our key customers in the market. As we look to fiscal 2017, we are planning our inventory and receipts very carefully in the U.S. for both the wholesale and retail channels. Our strategic plan will address the issues in our core U.S. market. Moving on to our profitability, Q4 gross margin was pressured by the inventory clearance activity in the U.S. and continued foreign currency impact. Our operating margin was down significantly, but better than our guidance, driven by strong expense management. While I'm feeling relatively good about how we managed expenses, I want to make it clear that I see this kind of operating income decline as unacceptable. We have significant opportunity to further reduce costs and reinvest some of those savings in engines that will drive brand strength and profitable sales growth. Before I turn it over to Bob for the details of our financial performance in the quarter and fiscal 2016, I want to reiterate that we are looking forward to sharing our strategic growth plan in detail with you at our upcoming Investor Day. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Stefan, and good morning, everyone. Fourth quarter net revenues were flat with the prior-year period on a constant currency basis and declined 1% on a reported basis to $1.9 billion. This is in line with the guidance we provided in February of a flat to 2% decline on a reported basis. The negative FX impact to revenue growth was approximately 110 basis points, slightly better than our expectation of 150 basis points of negative impact as foreign currencies moved favorably during the quarter. The company's fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 included a 53rd week that contributed approximately $70 million in sales and was primarily generated within the retail segment. For the full year fiscal 2016 period, net revenues grew 1% in constant currency and declined 3% on a reported basis to $7.4 billion. Gross profit margin was 54.4% in the fourth quarter, excluding restructuring charges. This was 90 basis points below the prior-year period, reflecting proactive measures taken in the U.S. to clear end of season inventories related to the fall season in addition to unfavorable foreign currency effects. For the full year fiscal 2016 period, gross margin declined 70 basis points to 56.8%, excluding restructuring charges, due to negative foreign currency impacts which was partially offset by a favorable sales mix shift to the retail segment. Operating margin in the fourth quarter was 6.4%, excluding restructuring and other charges. This was 370 basis points below the prior year due to gross margin pressure, unfavorable foreign currency effects and incremental investments in infrastructure and marketing. However, operating margin was better than the outlook we provided in February of a 400-basis point to 450-basis point decline. This was due to disciplined expense management throughout the organization. For the full year fiscal 2016 period, operating margin declined 290 basis points to 10.7%, excluding restructuring and other charges, due to gross margin pressure, fixed expense deleverage, unfavorable foreign currency effects, and incremental investments in infrastructure and new stores. Net income for the fourth quarter was $74 million, or $0.88 per diluted share, excluding restructuring and other charges. On a reported basis, net income in the fourth quarter was $41 million, or $0.49 per diluted share. For the full year period, net income was $546 million, or $6.36 per diluted share, excluding restructuring and other charges. The effective tax rate of 34% in the fourth quarter on an adjusted basis was higher than the guidance of 32% due to one-time discrete items and compared to an effective tax rate of 28% in the prior-year period. Moving on to segment performance, wholesale revenues decreased 5% in constant currency in the fourth quarter and 6% on a reported basis to $942 million. This was primarily due to a decline in North America, as business trends remain challenging. We are refining our product assortments and deliveries for fiscal 2017 to improve trends in this channel in what is a very challenging environment. Wholesale operating margin in the fourth quarter was 27.2%, excluding restructuring and other charges. This was 350 basis points below the prior-year period due to proactive measures taken in the U.S. to clear end of season inventories related to the fall season and negative foreign currency effects. Retail segment sales rose 7% in constant currency and 6% on a reported basis to $889 million. Growth was driven by the benefit of a 53rd week of sales, new store expansion, and e-commerce growth. On a 13-week to 13-week basis, consolidated comparable store sales decreased 5% in constant currency and 6% as reported during the fourth quarter. Brick-and-mortar traffic trends remained negative in the U.S. Sales to foreign tourists were down approximately 25% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and for the full year. E-commerce revenue was up mid-single digits on a global basis in the fourth quarter supported by the 53rd week, while comps were up slightly on a 13-week to 13-week basis. We continue to expect to move to our new e-commerce platform later this fiscal year. The new platform will not only improve the functionality of our site, but will allow us to improve how we engage with our customers digitally and across our retail channels. We believe this will dramatically improve the customers' experience on mobile devices. We look forward to delivering a best-in-class site experience. At year-end, we had 493 directly operated standalone stores and 583 concessions globally. That represents an increase of 27 net new directly operated stores and 47 concession shops when compared to the end of fiscal 2015. In addition, our international licensing partners operated 93 Ralph Lauren stores and 42 dedicated shops as well as 58 Club Monaco stores and 75 Club Monaco concession shops at the end of fiscal 2016. Retail operating margin in the fourth quarter excluding restructuring and other charges was 2.4% which was 100 basis points below the prior-year period, reflecting proactive measures taken to clear end of season inventories in the U.S. in addition to negative foreign currency effects. Licensing revenues increased 8% and operating income was up 9% in the fourth quarter, reflecting higher royalties from increased sales of Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren and Lauren products worldwide. Now let me provide some color on performance by geography in the quarter. In the Americas, net revenue declined 1% in constant currency driven by pressure in our North America business that we spoke about previously. Same-store sales were down mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. In Europe, net revenues were up 4% in constant currency. We continued to experience strong sell-through rates at our retail partners across most of our brands and same-store sales were positive in our own retail stores. In Asia, net revenue growth of 3% in constant currency was muted by a decline in same-store sales, which was negatively impacted by our strategy to reduce markdowns in Japan and Korea, our two key markets in Asia. We experienced gross margin improvement and our average unit retails were up strong double digits in Japan and Korea and our markdown rates were down significantly. We believe that these actions will continue to help us elevate the brand and drive profitable sales growth in this region. Now let me provide you with an update on our restructuring activities related to the global brand management initiative. The total restructuring charge for fiscal 2016 was $142 million. In addition, we incurred another $22 million of impairment related to underperforming stores subject to potential future closure. We now expect to deliver approximately $125 million of annual cost savings from the fiscal 2016 Global Reorganization Plan, $15 million higher than the $110 million that we communicated previously. This is driven by additional restructuring activities we identified and executed late in the fiscal year. We had a part year benefit in fiscal 2016 from our restructuring activities and will have a full year benefit in fiscal 2017. Moving on to the balance sheet, consolidated inventory was $1.1 billion at the end of the fiscal year, up 8% year-over-year. This growth reflects investments to support new stores and concession shops and a change in the timing of receipt plans. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had 27 more directly operated stores and 47 more concession shops than a year ago, which is contributing to the growth. Moving to capital expenditures, we spent $418 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $391 million in fiscal 2015 mostly to support new retail stores, concession shops and infrastructure projects. The company repurchased 1.2 million shares of its common stock during the fourth quarter at a cost of $100 million. This brought our total buyback activity to 4.2 million shares for a total cost of $480 million for the full year. In addition, we returned $170 million to shareholders via dividend payments. Yesterday, the company's board of directors authorized an additional $200 million stock repurchase program. This amount is in addition to the $100 million available at the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 as part of a previously authorized stock repurchase program, bringing the company's total current authorization to $300 million. We ended the year with approximately $1.3 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet and $713 million of total debt. Looking out to fiscal 2017, as Stefan mentioned, we plan to provide financial guidance at our Investors Day on June 7 for the new fiscal year as well as the first quarter of fiscal 2017. With that, we will open the call for your questions.
Operator: The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Good morning. Thanks for all the updates and information. Stefan, I know you probably don't want to steal your own thunder for the investor meeting next month, but I'd love to hear if you have any updated thoughts and views as you've had another 90 days to be immersed in the business regarding the complexity of the business structure and the brand structure across channels, price points, sub-brands, categories, globally. It's obviously a very unique aspect of the company, and I'm just wondering how you're thinking about it and what you've learned on that front. And does this excess complexity internally and externally the consumer, is it something that you can address over time or does it need to be addressed? Thanks.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Omar. Yes, you've covered basically the agenda for the Investor Day. So I'm sorry to disappoint you to refer the detailed answer to your question will have to wait until the Investor Day on June 7. What I can say is that we have made progress in assessing and knowing exactly where we stand as a business and we feel really confident in that we have the strategy to build the company back to a high performance. And part of that will be simplicity because simplicity and focus is, as I shared last quarterly call, something that I believe in and I also believe in building on the core of what's made us great and that's what the strategy is going to be built on.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Okay. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask, Stefan, you talked a little bit about the focus on the product, iconic styles with an updated twist. As you think about the company's lead times and the work that you've already done, when should we think about the timing for new product to hit? And then separately, if you guys could just give an update on how effective the price increases you took overseas were? I know we heard that in Japan and I think Australia that consumers accepted it and it worked, but we were still waiting to hear on Europe for the early part of this year. Thanks.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Hey. Thanks, Lindsay. I'll go first. It's Stefan. Yes, so the work to evolve the products will be tightly connected with the work of strengthening our underlying business engine; one being the supply chain. So your question is very relevant. We will address it in detail on June 7, but we have a clear path to how we're going to evolve the product and how we're going to connect that with improvement in supply chain. And I can give high-level thoughts on supply chain, which is that I see big opportunities to start there and in two areas, both inventory management part and the lead time part. So in essence, I see opportunities to sell more with less inventory and I also see an opportunity to drastically increase our speed and our flexibility. So that will help us when we evolve the consumer-facing offering.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi, Lindsay, it's Bob, and I'll take the question around the price increases. We're very pleased with the price increases that we've taken in the major markets where we experienced FX headwinds, mainly Japan, Australia, Canada and Europe. And as an example of that, for instance, our European business revenues grew mid-single digits in the fourth quarter, and we plan to maintain the price increases that we've implemented across all those countries. As another example of the acceptance by the consumer, within our Asian business we've seen a significant improvement in our quality of sale metrics. Our gross profit percentage has increased, our average unit retails have gone up, we've seen an improvement in our comp gross margin dollar, so overall, as I said, we're very pleased and we're going to maintain those increases going forward.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Binetti with UBS Investment Research.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks a lot. Congrats on a nice quarter, guys. No doubt it's tough out there. So one question and a follow up, I guess. It sounds like we're going to get a lot of detail in June and the look ahead of the plan, but if we could just reference to your prior comment, the revenues will be negative next year as you rebase but that operating margins could still be up. I know we talked about this during the quarter, but the math on that reality seems pretty hard to envision and the market is deteriorating as we've seen earnings reports here this week. Are those guideposts still on the table? And if so, Stefan, now that you've had a look under the hood for a while, where do you see the most opportunity to manage costs to get to that reality?
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. Michael, I'll take that one actually. I think that general guidance still holds, and I apologize for this, but we'll be able to give much more specific guidance at our Investor Day on June 7. We think it's really important to provide a complete view of our strategic plan and the financial targets that are tied to the plan together. So I'm going to have to ask you to be patient and wait until June 7 Investor Day.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes, just to complement on what Bob just said, when it comes to rightsizing the cost structure, it's something that we have spent a lot of time on over the last few months and we see big opportunities there. So we're looking at every component of the cost structure. We'd go through it and share with you on the Investor Day.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And I'll add one other thing, too. Just as a reminder, and we mentioned it in our opening remarks that we did take restructuring actions within fiscal 2016, and as we've noted, that's going to drive approximately $125 million of savings. That $125 million savings number is in excess of the previously communicated $110 million, really because towards the end of the fourth quarter we did take additional restructuring actions and activities that drove the increased savings number.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan Chase.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. So on the distribution front, Stefan, how do you view your wholesale positioning and off-price exposure out of the quarter? Who do you see as your primary competition today? And then as it relates to e-commerce, what's the best way to think about Amazon as a potential channel of distribution?
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, Matt. Good question. So when it comes to the U.S. market where it's clear that we have been under the most pressure, my focus is to get back to high performance in the U.S. wholesale channel. So that's to start with. It's our main focus, working very closely with our big customers and feel confident that we have a plan to get back to strength. In parallel with that, we are expanding our direct-to-consumer channels, and out of those channels, the e-commerce is by far the most important to get back to strength and high performance. And overall when it comes to the channels in the U.S., we are working to make sure that we secure the high-quality distribution, right balance in the distribution between the different channels, and we'll come back and give you more details in June.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kate McShane with Citigroup.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I think you had highlighted that in the calendar year fourth quarter that you had made changes to retail, which I think is part of that $125 million in savings where you closed some doors. But then I think you also re-bannered some of the retail doors as well. Can you update us on how those changes have impacted the retail base and how you think about that going forward?
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, hi, Kate. It's Bob. I'll take that question. So for the fiscal year, we actually closed approximately 43 stores. Part of that was incorporated within the restructuring charge activities and some of it was just natural lease expirations and stores that just didn't fit our strategic portfolio or plan. From a rebalancing perspective, our RLS or Ralph Lauren portfolio between full-price stores and Polo stores, we had identified roughly 40% of the fleet that was essentially positioned more towards Polo. We started to undertake conversion of some of those stores to standalone Polo stores versus a hybrid of Ralph Lauren and Polo, and that'll be done over a period of time. These aren't going to incorporate major remodel activities. These are signage changes, an element of minor remodel activity, et cetera, and we've probably touched about 15% of that portfolio thus far with the remainder to be done over the next year, 18 months.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you for taking my question. I guess, Stefan, for you, just when you think about the major U.S. accounts, the wholesale accounts, and all the work you've been having conversations with them of late, when you sit down and have a conversation with them, what do they say about the brand opportunity to grow or return to growth beyond 2017, assuming that you've already sort of enlightened them or shared some of the strategic opportunities and brand positioning as we move forward? Just sort of what are they telling you that Ralph needs to do or needs to be? Maybe that would be helpful.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes. So thanks, Chris. Good question. So when I sit down and spend time with our wholesale partners, they start with how much they respect the Ralph Lauren brand and how important that brand is to them and their consumers. So that's where we start, and then given the nature of how I lead, I ask a lot of questions of how we can build on that strength and how we can evolve our offering and how we can make sure that we start to drive high performance again, which we have done for many, many years. And they are very confident in evolving our products, evolving our marketing, evolving our shopping experience and combining that, when I share how we are planning to high level strengthen our underlying business engines, they get really excited and they want to be a part of that journey. And I see them as an intricate part in evolving the business engines, and I'm excited to do this journey together with them.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just a follow up on the U.S. wholesale business. I'm just curious, when you look at and you've talked about needing more innovation in the product, but when you look at the positioning of the brand from an initial price point perspective and you look at how sort of key item intensive the business has become and reliant on some of those key selling period promotions to drive key items, how do you see that evolving from a price point perspective and sort of key item versus fashion perspective going forward? Thanks.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Thanks, David. So when it comes to pricing, I believe that we're in a world where the consumer decides today. So charging (32:58) a premium pricing comes back to having the best products, and that's what our strategy is focused on, to go back to the core of who we are and where we come from and evolve that and make it current for today and have better authentic style, better quality and be more relevant, and that connects to the pricing. And when it comes to the actual product strategy, I look forward to sharing that more in detail when we see each other in June.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie Capital.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on Valerie Hermann's appointment to President of the Luxury Collection. Last May, you announced six group global brand groups. Are these six groups still in place? And if so, now that these groups anniversary full year, can you parse out how big they are in terms of revenues? Can you rank them in order of performance? And then any color around which division you're most excited about would be great.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes. Thanks, Laurent. So starting with the brand groups and the global brand teams so I spent many, many hours over the last three months together with the global brand teams and they are more important than ever before because the teams there they create global consumer offering. They create the design of the products, and do the overall inventory management and the planning and connects to the supply chain team. So they drive the core value creating engine. And when it comes to Valerie's expanded role, I'm expanding her role because I want to leverage her experience of commercializing design and driving high performance out of creativity. So the brand teams are doing great. I look forward to again sharing the details in June and how the different brand teams relate to each other.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Kernan with Cowen & Co.
John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Stefan, can you talk about how you're going to bring some of the best practices of the supply chain from H&M and Old Navy? Obviously the execution there was fantastic while you were there. And does it translate well to a wholesale dominated business? Can you take a lot of those best practices in terms of the speed of design and the speed in the supply chain and translate that into a wholesale business?
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Yes. John, again, sorry to disappoint you. The in-depth sharing of this we'll have to wait until June, but higher level I'm very excited when it comes to unlocking supply chain capabilities. And getting to know the business the way I've done over the last months and getting to know how our customers work, I see big opportunities in implementing a lot of the same best practice. And also excited by seeing that our wholesale partners are very excited and willing to dive into improving the supply chain together with us.
John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Rick Patel with Stephens, Inc.
Rick Patel - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Stefan, before you got here, the company invested quite heavily in SAP and e-commerce and I know a lot of that is still going on today. As we sit here today, are you satisfied with the capabilities you have from a technology perspective? Or should we expect a step-up in terms of new investments that might be needed to get the company to where it needs to be?
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Rick, thanks for the question. Having had the chance to dive deeper into the company, I'm impressed by the capability when it comes to the infrastructure. So far it's the strongest I've seen so I feel from a business strategy and execution of the strategies we have set up, the capabilities are going to enable us to do that in a way that I haven't seen before in any of the companies I've been working out. So I'm excited that we have that foundation of infrastructure in place and that will just speed up our implementation of the strategy because the core elements of the strategy are not necessarily capital-intensive. It's about a methodology. It's about how we approach the business, how we evolve the consumer offering, how we get the business engines, the underlying engines to go, how we get the cost structure to be right sized and how we strengthen the leadership team continuously. So very pleased.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: Okay. We'll take one final question.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Good morning, everyone. As you think about the levers underneath the gross margin and especially if you're bringing in the new sourcing person, what are the opportunities in those gross margin levers underneath? And what do you see is the opportunity to increase speed to market with sourcing? Thank you.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Hi, Dana and thanks for the question.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi.
Stefan Larsson - President and Chief Executive Officer, Ralph Lauren Corp.: A couple of thoughts on that high level and then again June 7 in detail, I'd love to share that with you, but high level, we see opportunities when it comes to evolving the strength of the products. One area is developing a systematic repeatable way of how we create assortment and we'll go through that in detail in June. But I see definitely value unlock there in terms of gross margin expansion. Also when it comes to the demand driven supply chain, so when it comes to being more balanced in making sure that the inventory we plan and buy, that that matches with the consumer demand. And then thirdly, I'm excited to bring Holiday (39:20) in with her sourcing expertise and her sourcing experience because I know firsthand that she brings best-in-class, best in industry sourcing capabilities and she will have to have a few months of learning the business and then she will start to unlock gross margin dollars there as well.
Evren Kopelman - Head-Investor Relations: And that was the final question. Raye (39:50) any closing?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Investor Relations Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Rick Patel - Stephens, Inc. David Weiner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman - Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's third quarter fiscal 2016 conference call. With me today are Stefan Larsson, the company's President and Chief Executive Officer; Christ Peterson, President of Global Brands; and Bob Madore, Chief Financial Officer. After the company's prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Stefan.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to meet with you today. I'm here to share with you how I spent my first three months, my initial observations, and a rough outline for how we will build the long term growth plan for this great company. Chris and Bob will then share financial results for the quarter and give you guidance going forward. I will then come back again to conclude the presentation part of the call and open up for your questions. But before we get going, I would like to take the opportunity to thank Ralph and the Board for their partnership and trust that they have given me in leading this great company forward. Now, let's start with how I spent my first three months in the role. Over the last 90 days, I've done a lot of travels. I've been to London, Paris, Geneva, Frankfurt, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, and all over the U.S., including our Distribution Center in North Carolina. I've also met with our biggest customers and spent time with many influencers in the industry, and I met with thousands of our team members across all the functions and levels of the organization. And in many of these meetings, I've received direct feedback from frontline team members and customers. The goal of the travel and meetings has been to learn as much as possible about our brand, our team, our customers and the environment we compete in. Parallel to the travel and meetings, the senior management team is in the process of conducting a formal and comprehensive assessment of our entire organization and every function we do. This review goes beyond the cost savings initiatives and brand planning processes that were underway when I joined; covers all the value creators in the business from brand, product, marketing, to supply chain distribution, geographies, as well as customers and competitors. This assessment and our multi-year growth strategy will be completed in the coming weeks and months. And I look forward to sharing that with you in late spring. While it's still early days in the assessment, a picture is starting to develop of our strengths and opportunities, as well as a rough outline for how we would build our long term growth plan. So, let me start with our strengths. Our brand, our team, and the infrastructure we are building are by far our biggest strengths. Our brand is very strong and unique. Ralph and the team have built a brand on a dream of an aspirational life, in a way it's the quintessential American dream, but it's bigger than that. It's a life in style that goes far beyond apparel. It's built on authentic style, quality, and specialness. And it became the customers' dream, and at its best is both highly aspirational and highly relatable at the same time. Right after I came in, we did a comprehensive brand study that confirms not surprisingly, that our customers see our brand as one of the strongest in the industry. The strength, depth and uniqueness of our brand that Ralph created 48 years ago is a very strong platform to build on. Another key strength we have is our team. Our team members, and I've met many of them already, are highly dedicated, they're passionate and they care deeply about our brand. They can't wait to get back to consistently beating our competitors and there is a hunger for change that will be critical for realizing the full potential of this company. Finally, the infrastructure we are investing in, like SAP and our new e-commerce platform that will enable us to have best-in-class digital capabilities, that's especially important in the world we're living in today. Moving to our opportunities, and here I want to start with our performance trend over the last several years. Our recent financial performance has not been living up to the strengths of our brand. It's been very disappointing on both on a top and a bottom line level. With this underwhelming performance, we're asking ourselves the tough questions needed to identify where the opportunities are to get back to leveraging our strengths to consistently drive higher performance. In our assessment work, we started by asking the following questions, starting with brand. With our multiple brands, how do we increase focus on the brands where we have the biggest opportunity to win? Even though our brand is strong, how do we build on the authentic core of what we stand for and continuously evolve it? Relating to product and assortment, how do we improve the balance in our assortment? Do we have a systematic way of continuously strengthening our assortment? Relating to marketing, how do we focus our resources on cutting through in today's market? How do we evolve our brand voice in a way that makes our brand DNA stand out, and excites and surprises the customer more than anyone else? We want our customers to love us more than anyone else. Relating to supply chain and inventory management, how do we shorten our lead times to be disruptive? How do we optimize our inventory in relation to sales? Relating to distribution and international expansion, how do we improve the quality of our distribution to be able to grow with higher full-price selling and lower discount levels? How do we strengthen our direct-to-consumer channels given where the market is going? How do we make our online channel show up the way it should and drive brand strength and profitable sales growth at the same time? How do we pursue our global growth potential in a much more strategic way? Relating to cost structure, how do we make the cost structure competitive with our best competitors? How do we make sure that we invest in a disciplined enough way for the future to give us the highest return on investment? Relating to customers. How do we get closer to our customers to know what their aspiration, wants and needs are? How do we engage and build enough long-term relationships with our customers? And finally, relating to the increasingly-disruptive environment we're in. How do we strengthen the brand and develop the business model fast enough to succeed in an increasingly disruptive world? Finding the right answers to these type of questions, putting action in place to drive execution will be the most important work we have in front of us over the next few months. It will be the foundation to building our growth plan. Even though our complete plan will not be ready until the end of spring, I would like to share some thinking on where we're driving tourists and how we're going to build up the plan. We are working towards a vision centered on becoming the most admired, aspirational and high-performing style brand in the world. And we will measure our progress towards the vision through brand strength, profitable sales growth, and shareholder return. The foundation of our plan will be our commitment and focus on developing our brand, our teams and our customers. There will be two main parts to our plan framework. The first will be the customer facing part of the brand where we will evolve and strengthen the products, the marketing, and the shopping experience. The second part will be to radically strengthen the underlying business engines. These engines will include developing a systematic repeatable way of creating a stronger and stronger assortment, a more demand-driven supply chain, and a holistic global expansion strategy, as well as the best-in-class consumer insights capability. Underlying all these initiatives, are the strengthening of our team and the right-sizing of our cost structure. When it comes to our costs, we just have to become more competitive. The work we are undertaking is the work we need to do to build the company back to high performance and position ourselves to lead in an increasingly disruptive environment. It's complex work that will take time. We will show you the pacing through the plan we will present in late spring and we'd show progress every year. I know how critical it is to build and maintain the trust of our shareholders. This will require clear and consistent performance and communication going forward. I am committed to both. We are going to be laser-focused on transitioning our business back to excellence. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Thank you, Stefan, and good morning, everyone. Revenues in the third quarter were down 1% in constant currency and down 4% on a reported basis, below our guidance of 0% to 2% reported growth. Despite the sales shortfall, we were able to generate operating margin above our guidance range due to both better expense management and a solid gross profit rate. The sales shortfall in the quarter was driven by our North America business due to the above average temperatures that persisted for most of the fall and holiday selling period, a significant drop in foreign tourist traffic, challenges in the Lauren brand, and general macroeconomic weakness. Our performance in international markets was much better as revenue grew 6% in constant currency outside of North America. Let me provide you with more color on our performance by key geographies. Starting with Europe, our revenue grew 8% in the third quarter in constant currency. Wholesale demand was particularly strong with robust sell-throughs that drove strong reorders. By region, northern and central Europe performed the best. In Asia, third quarter revenue was up 3% in constant currency. While this growth rate is below the high single-digit growth rate we posted in the first half of the year, it was within our expectations. We reduced markdowns and the length of the sale period in Japan and Korea, our two key markets within Asia. This pressured sales growth in the quarter, however drove gross margin improvement and gross profit growth. We believe these actions will continue to help us elevate the brand in this region. Looking at performance by country, Hong Kong and Macau continued to underperform due to reduced tourist traffic, while Japan and Australia continued to outperform. As we spoke about previously, we implemented price increases in key international markets to help mitigate the negative margin impact from currency fluctuations. I want to provide some perspective on how that's gone. In Japan, Australia and Canada the pricing actions we have taken have been well received by the customer and we have continued to gain market share in these markets. In Europe, we raised prices for the cruise and spring 2016 seasons. Early indications based on sell-in are encouraging, but it is too soon to have a definitive read on the consumer response. Moving on to the Americas, net revenue was down 4% in constant currency below our expectations. While we anticipated a challenging holiday season given the slow start to fall, it was even more difficult than we expected. The silver lining is that comps were positive in store locations where domestic customers represent more of the traffic similar to last quarter. As a result, we are optimistic that comps can show improvement as we begin to lap the foreign tourist traffic issues this coming summer. The sales challenges we faced in the third quarter are reflected in our operating margin guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 as we are proactively clearing end of season inventories. We will carefully manage expenses to mitigate as much of the negative impact from these actions as possible. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob for a review of additional financial results and balance sheet dynamics.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Gross profit margin in the third quarter was 56.8% excluding restructuring and other charges. This was 20 basis points lower than the prior-year period primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency affects. On a constant-currency basis, gross margin was up 30 basis points compared to the prior-year period due to benefits from the initial phases of SKU and style rationalization, product cost negotiations, and favorable mix shifts. Operating margin in the third quarter was 13.7% excluding restructuring and other charges, 180 basis points below the prior-year period. This is better than the November outlook we provided of a 200 basis point to 250 basis point decline and was due to better expense management. The lower operating margin year-over-year was primarily attributable to negative foreign currency affects, fixed expense deleverage and incremental investments in infrastructure. Net income for the third quarter was $193 million or $2.27 per diluted share excluding restructuring and other charges. This compared to reported net income of $215 million or $2.41 per diluted share for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. On a reported basis, net income was $131 million or $1.54 per diluted share in the third quarter. The effective tax rate was 25% in the third quarter excluding restructuring and other charges and was 28% on a reported basis. This was lower than our guidance of 31% due primarily to discrete items recorded in the quarter and the effective tax rate of 29% in the prior-year period. Moving to the balance sheet, consolidated inventory was $1.3 billion at the end of the third quarter up 5% year-over-year. This growth reflects investments to support sales growth for existing operations, new businesses, and new store openings. At the end of the third quarter, we had 31 more directly-operated stores and 85 additional concessions compared to the prior-year period which is contributing to the growth. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet and $611 million in total debt. The company repurchased 803,000 shares of its common stock during the third quarter at a cost of $100 million. This brought year-to-date repurchases to $380 million. With that, I'll turn the call back to Chris, who'll provide guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2016 and some initial thoughts on fiscal 2017.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Thanks, Bob. For the fourth quarter we are taking proactive action to clear end of season inventories for fall and holiday in the U.S. so that we start the spring selling season in a strong position. As a result, we expect reported revenues to be flat to down 2% on a reported basis, due to continued pressure from lower foreign tourist traffic, as well as higher allowances in the U.S. wholesale channel to move excess inventory. The fourth quarter includes the 53rd week which we estimate will contribute approximately $65 million in revenue. We estimate the negative currency impact on sales growth in the fourth quarter to be approximately 150 basis points based on current exchange rates. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately 400 basis points to 450 basis points below the prior-year period due to the proactive action we are taking on inventory in addition to infrastructure investments and negative foreign exchange impacts. The fourth quarter tax rate is estimated at 32%. For the full year, fiscal 2016 period, revenues are expected to decline approximately 3% on a reported basis with 400 basis points of negative impact from currency. This compares to our prior outlook of flat revenues on a reported basis and 400 basis points of foreign exchange impact. The full year fiscal 2016 operating margin is now estimated to be 290 basis points to 320 basis points below the prior-year's level which compares to our previous expectation of 180 basis point to 230 basis point decline. This guidance excludes restructuring and other charges that are primarily related to restructuring activities associated with our global brand reorganization and a pending customs audit. We expect these restructuring charges to approximate $120 million to $150 million for fiscal 2016 excluding $34 million for pending customs audit. We recognized $42 million of this charge in the third quarter and $113 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2016. We remain on track to deliver the $110 million of annual expense savings associated with our global brand restructuring effort. We will get a partial benefit this year and the entirety of the benefit in fiscal 2017. Our fiscal 2016 tax rate is expected to be 28%. We continue to plan $400 million to $500 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 to support our global direct-to-consumer and infrastructure investments. Now let me provide some initial thoughts on how we're thinking about fiscal 2017. We recently started the planning process for fiscal 2017, which as Stefan said, will include a deep dive into all aspects of the business. The plan will include the following key elements; first, we plan to right-size and increase the quality of our distribution; second, we plan to intentionally reduce the depth of the inventory buy to decrease discount rates and promotional selling levels; and third, we plan to take significant action to improve the company's cost structure. While we are still working through the details, at this point, we expect fiscal 2017 total revenues to be down versus fiscal 2016, and operating margin to be up versus fiscal 2016 excluding restructuring and other charges. The operating margin improvement will be despite an approximate $90 million negative operating income impact from foreign currency in fiscal 2017. We look forward to sharing more details on our outlook in late spring. With that, let me turn the call back to Stefan for some closing remarks.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Chris. In closing, let me reiterate, within the company we see the current performance of the business as very disappointing and we have full focus across the whole organization to drive the business back to higher performance. The challenges we are facing did not materialize overnight. They developed over years and our solutions will take time as well. I want to be very clear. The growth journey we set out on is not to drive results next quarter, but rather position Ralph Lauren for success and relevance over the next decade and beyond. We have an opportunity to do something that will build Ralph Lauren stronger than ever before. In a world where the customer is in charge, we will build everything we do around our customer's dream of a life well-lived. We will give them access to authentic-style, quality and specialness in all aspects of their life, and we will do this in a way that we build on what made us great and we evolve it in new and innovative ways. I look forward to providing more specifics when we share our detailed growth plan in late spring. One thing is clear; I never had a stronger vision to build on. The combined strength of the brand of Ralph, one of the most iconic designers in the world, our talented team, and my experience of driving high performance in this industry, makes me very excited for the future ahead. With the full support of Ralph, our Board of Directors, we will move forward to create significant shareholder value. And with that, I would like to open up the call for your questions. Thank you.
Operator: The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning. Stefan, I'd like to ask you, obviously you've (23:49) got a lot of different things on your plate, but if I could get some of your initial thoughts potentially on the complexity of the brands and is there a need to simplify the brands, not just from a management perspective internally, but also maybe it's confusing to the consumer side as well. And then also, do you think there is a need to right-size any of the lower-end businesses like the outlet and off price? Thank you.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Omar. Yes, you're right. There is  we are in the middle of assessment, so I can give you some early reads, which is we need to focus. I'm a big believer in my leadership approach overall to focus, and that includes our brands. So in the plan that we will come back with in late spring, I will be very detailed in terms of how I look at being focused given the multiple brands we have. What excites me though is that the more I learn about the brand, the more I realize the strength of the brand. So focusing on where we will win when it comes to the brands will be essential, and I'll come back and give you more details. When it comes to the quality of our distribution, that's also something that we are looking through in detail and as I shared in my initial remarks, we will build Ralph Lauren into stronger position it's ever had. That's a long-term job. I'll be able to give you more details in May, but we are looking through every single channel and I'm going to make sure that the plan that we move forward with enables us to drive brand strength and drive profitable sales growth at the same time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question...
Evren Kopelman - Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Binetti with UBS Investment Research.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: (25:57  26:06) for next year that's going to be fairly hard for us to pencil out with some  any kind of clarity in our models. Just maybe directionally how you're thinking about  I know, it's early, but directionally how you're thinking about magnitude, particularly on the revenue line. Just to help us with our longer range thinking. And then if we could just go back to try and connect some of the comments you made today to some of the investment buckets that we're used to hearing about from you over the last few years and maybe how much leverage we can think about for fiscal 2017 in terms of the buckets you've given, one the retail strategy, two the SAP and e-commerce, and then three the cost restructuring, Chris, it sounded like from your deep-dive comments that there could be something you guys are looking at that's incremental to the original plan that's led to about $110 million in cost savings. Thanks.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. I think the answer to that is, what Stefan started with, which is we're in an assessment phase on all aspects of the business, and we're working through to create a strategic and financial plan that can drive shareholder value, can drive profitable sales growth and can strengthen the brand over the midterm. We plan to share that plan in more detail in late spring, and so we're not yet at the point where we're ready to quantify the elements of the guidance for fiscal 2017 beyond what we shared in the script this morning. What I can say on the buckets is that, particularly we shared I think, on the call, the FX impact that we expect next year. We remain on track on the infrastructure on both SAP and e-commerce to complete the SAP European implementation next year, as well as the e-commerce re-platforming next year. And we remain on track, as I mentioned, to deliver the $110 million of cost savings from the initial global brand restructure, but we are in the assessment phase and we'll share more details in late spring.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. So, I guess, if we kind of piece this together and think about multi-year constant currency revenues, beyond the impact of FX today, what's  I guess, what's the best way to think about wholesale and retail constraints today both here and also abroad versus, Stefan potentially maybe the opportunity you see for a return to growth? Kind of, some of the things that may be impacting you next year versus some of the opportunities that you see; and with that, if you kind of broke down into the product, Polo versus Lauren, just kind of from a pricing perspective, do you think that you're appropriately set or do you think that there is changes that need to be made to the core infrastructure of the price that's going out the door to the customer today?
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thank you, Matt. So starting with the pricing. It's going to be an important part and it is an important part of our assessment to look through our whole offering to our customers. So given the recent very disappointing performance, we are asking and I'm driving that  we are asking the tough questions in every single area of the business. Because what I am determined to do with the team and with the support of Ralph is to match the business performance with the strength of the brand. So when I look at the brand, it's one of the strongest in the industry. And when I looked at our performance over the last couple of years, including the recent quarters, it's very disappointing. So I see significant untapped value in both the idea behind the brand and as well as how we drive the business. And therefore, in the way I outlined the way we approach, building the growth plan for the future, there will be a customer facing component which is about evolving the brand, evolving our product, marketing, shopping experience, and then radically improve some of our business engines. And I believe that driving brand strength for the future and driving consistent profitable sales growth, and in turn giving high shareholder return is to strengthen both those components, both the customer-facing part and the underlying engines and have them play together. That's also what I have experience of doing from my two previous brands.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Ms. Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Good morning. My question is just with regards to the brand. Stefan you said you have done a lot of work on assessing the brand and just in some of the questions you've just answered, you again attested to the strength of the brand. Could you let us know a little bit more detail about maybe what some of the strengths are? What is so appealing about the brand to the consumer and what can you leverage over time?
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Kate. So when it comes to the brand, what excites me is that Ralph's original idea behind the brand when he created it, it was much bigger than apparel, and it was much bigger than product. So it was about inviting the customers into an aspirational life, their aspirational life. And being very consistent and offering authentic style, high-quality, and deliver specialness in the experience. And if you look at the disruptive market today, I believe that that's exactly what you need to do to win. You need to be special. You need to deliver a value that goes beyond apparel, and if you look at the customer, it's  the customer is now in charge. And the customer is living a busy life. And what excites me about the original brand vision and building that out and why I see so much potential in it, is that we should deliver style to the customer. And we can do that and we are known to do that and why we are so loved is because we have been so consistent in delivering authentic style, quality and specialness.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: The brand has a number of different avenues of distribution, wholesale, off-price, full-price retail, outlet. Can you just talk a little bit about what area do you view as quality and what function each of those avenues of distribution serves? And then just a quick follow-up for Chris. I'm curious what gives you visibility to margin improvement year-over-year in light of the potential deleverage on the sales shortfall and some of the other puts and takes that you talked about. Thanks.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks. Let me start. It's Stefan. Quality of distribution for me is any channel that gives us an ability to strengthen our brand and drive profitable sales growth at the same time. So we'll come back in late spring and give you more details on how we see our portfolio of distribution going forward.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: And relative to the operating margin visibility for fiscal 2017, I think the thing that gives us visibility into that from the initial planning phase is a number of factors, including the full-year impact of the cost savings that we've generated from the global brand restructuring. The full-year impact of the pricing that we've taken in devaluation markets that should kick in next year. Cost savings that we're going after through the SKU and style rationalization, and the work that we're beginning on right-sizing the company's cost structure for next year as part of the planning process, which we'll share more detail on in late spring when we come back with the plan. And I think all of those things taken in aggregate, we have visibility to suggest that that is going to result in operating margin being up versus the drag of foreign exchange that we have for next year and fixed expense deleverage.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Rick Patel with Stephens, Inc.
Rick Patel - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you, and good morning. So, Stefan, we'd like to hear your thoughts on the product and concept pipeline? Over the past several quarters we've heard the company introducing woman's Polo, Polo retail, they reintroduced Polo Sport. As we think about the median term, should we expect the primary drivers of organic growth to be the ramp up of these newly-introduced areas? Or are there new sub-brands and concepts that we may be hearing about in the future as you do your assessment of all the brands?
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Rick. Well, I come back to that, it's a part of the assessments. I will give you detailed outline of how I think about these questions in May. But just initial thoughts is that my experience of driving high performance in this industry is very much connected to finding a systemic repeatable way of creating a stronger and stronger assortment, and it's still early days but I see big untapped value potential there. When it comes to evolving assortment in terms of the balance of the assortment, and in terms of sports and catering to the customer's different needs, I'm coming back to why I believe in the brand. I believe that we should give our customer access to a life in style better than anyone else and that means mirroring what their need is and how they build up their wardrobe. And we can do that more authentic with higher quality and with more specialness than anybody else. And we can also and we should think in new ways and innovative ways of how we can utilize the disruptive world we are in to actually deliver that specialness to the customer in a way that excites and delights them, but also that makes it convenient for them. And I'll come back in late spring with more details.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Dave Weiner with Deutsche Bank.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, good morning. So I just had two quick questions. Number one, just to follow-up on the prior one. Could you talk a little about your early reads on that you've seen so far on the Polo Sport business and the inclusion there in Dick's and some other wholesale partners, and then also maybe a little bit about Europe, you gave some commentary on your own business by geography, but could you maybe talk about whether you saw any incremental weakness due to the terrorist attack in Paris or if you feel any kind of shift in cadence among local consumers just broadly there relative to maybe the back half of  or earlier in 2015? Thanks.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah, let me start with Europe and then I'll turn to Stefan for Polo. In Europe, we delivered constant currency growth in the third quarter of 8%. So, it was a pretty strong performance from a revenue standpoint. We were disrupted from the terrorist attack in Paris. We actually had a number of our stores shut down both in France and the UK for a few days and we saw the shopping pull back. But it returned relatively quickly after that and so that's how we were able to deliver a relatively strong result of the 8% constant currency top line growth despite that short-term disruption.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and when it comes to the Polo Sport question, I tie it to getting closer to our customers. Given that we are about style and we are going to be the customer's preferred supplier for aspirational style to their wardrobe, it's about getting as close as we can to them. That's why as one of the underlying business engine that we're going to develop is a consumer insights capability that gives us the possibility to reflect if it's  if the customer builds their wardrobe on more of an at leisure and sport component, our offerings should reflect that. And it also makes me think about how Ralph has been 10 years, 15 years ahead on many macro trends because we were one of the first in the industry several years back in thinking about sport, and what we have to do now is we have to get close to the customer and we have to evolve our offering so we reflect how they want to build their wardrobe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie Capital.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Gross margin was up 30 basis points on a constant FX basis compared to 90 basis points last quarter. Was the difference due to lower benefits from sourcing, SKU rationalization, and product mix, or were there additional factors we should consider? How should we think about that for the fourth quarter? And then lastly, last February it was noted that your hedges for inventory purchases is six months to nine months out with 70% exposure rate. Has that  have those factors changed over the last year as we think about FY 2017?
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so let me address those. So, the gross margin performance in the third quarter was impacted largely by the U.S. market versus the second quarter because in the U.S. market we saw a difficult, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, fall holiday selling period. In our fourth quarter guidance is reflected on the gross margin rate, a plan to increase markdown monies and allowances to clear excess fall and holiday inventory so that we start the spring selling season strong. I would say that's really the driver in the gross margin trend in Q3 and Q4. With regard to FX and hedging, our hedging policy has not changed; it's consistent. And so we expect at current exchange rates to have a very small to nominal impact on translation next year in fiscal 2017, but we will have a transactional impact, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. The combination of those two we expect to impact the results by about $90 million negatively as the favorable hedges  we lap the favorable hedge benefit this year going into next year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen & Company.
John Kernan - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Stefan, you talked a lot about disruption; you used the word several times. Can you help us understand what you see as the most disruptive factor to the apparel category in general right now?
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Good morning, John. Yes. When it comes to the disruption, I'm a firm believer that we're just seeing the beginning. So I believe that the biggest disruption is that the customer is now in charge. So the customer has better visibility and better choices than ever before. So any company that's in the business of providing generic products or don't have any real value add beyond the lower and lower price or who, more importantly, is not close enough to the customer will be in trouble. So that's why we are building on the strength that's made us great, and we are adding an even closer focus to what's going on in the market and what's going on with the customer.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just a follow-up question on some of the channels you're reevaluating. The department store channel obviously has been very, very important in the U.S. for the development of the brand, and it's evolved over the years. Certainly the shops are very brand enhancing, but obviously there's been a lot of promotional activity, a lot of focus on key items; selling at a discount. Is that an example of one of the channels you're taking a closer look at to perhaps shorten lead times and improve the quality of sales? And can you still maintain the same kind of space in those department stores if you end up shipping less into that channel?
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thank you, David. So when it comes to department stores, they have been very important  you're right  to what has made us great from a business performance historically. And they will continue to be important to us. And yes, we are focusing in the plan we're building and coming back with the details in late spring, we are focusing on some of the underlying business engines that I see yes, it's early days, but I already see based on my experience that we have a lot of value unlock to do. So one is how we systematically and repeatable build  how we in a systematic and repeatable way build assortment stronger and stronger. There is also a supply chain and inventory management component, which is to become much better at balancing supply and demand. And there is also an expansion strategy, which is to say how do we grow with quality in all the different channels we have because I believe in that department stores, direct to consumer are going to play together, and offline and online are going to play together. And what I've  again, coming back to my own experience, well, I have experience of this to drive a highly profitable global growth strategy. And I believe we have opportunities in being  taking a holistic expansion approach to our brand and our business, and by doing that unlock even more brand strength and unlock even more value in terms of driving profitable sales growth.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Okay. Thank you all for joining us this morning. And as always, we will be available for follow-up questions after the call.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Investor Relations Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Rick Patel - Stephens, Inc. Lindsay Beth Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman - Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2016 conference call. The agenda for this morning's call includes opening remarks from Stefan Larsson, the company's new Chief Executive Officer; an overview of the quarter, and an update on key strategic initiatives from Christ Peterson, President of Global Brands; followed by financial perspective on the second quarter as well as expectations for fiscal 2016 from Bob Madore, Chief Financial Officer. After the company's prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Stefan.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Evren. Good morning, everyone. It's a true pleasure to be on the call this morning. I want to start by thanking Ralph and the board for the trust that they have put in me to become the CEO and work by Ralph's side to grow this great company into the future. I also want to take the opportunity and thank Chris and the whole Ralph Lauren team for the great work they have done in creating a very strong foundation to build on. This is a really, really great company. Ralph's dreams and vision about a better life, about style, about great quality, about specialness, story-telling, have built the brand into one of the most beloved brands in the world. It started with the idea about a different tie and it grew to become one of the most iconic brands in the world. This is my first week at the company. I have a lot to learn. The first week started with a board meeting and then an analyst call. I'm excited by that. I will spend my next few months in the role getting to know our teams, our customers, and our investors. For those of you who don't know me, I set the bar for performance really high. For 15 years, I was a part of the team that grew H&M from $3 billion to $17 billion. Most recently, I led Old Navy, where we drove three consecutive years of high performance and we added $1 billion in sales. Ralph and I share the same focus on striving for greatness. We never settle, and we love winning, and my job is to make sure we deliver on Ralph's creative vision and drive performance on the highest of levels, from both a brand, customer, and shareholder perspective. I joined because I believe in Ralph. I believe in his vision. I believe it's more relevant than any time before. I believe in the brands. I believe in the teams. And together with Ralph and the team, I look forward to continue to grow this unique company over many years to come. So with that, over to you Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Thanks, Stefan and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to be reporting better-than-expected second quarter results this morning. On a constant currency basis, revenues were up 4%, and diluted earnings per share was up 13% versus a year ago, excluding one-time charges. Profits were significantly better than our expectations entering the quarter driven by stronger-than-expected operating margins. This was driven by both gross margin and SG&A improvement. On gross margins, we are beginning to benefit from the initial phases of the SKU and style rationalization, lower negotiated source income cost, increased full-price sell-throughs and mix benefits. SG&A was also significantly better than forecast due to earlier-than-expected cost savings from the global brand reorganization and disciplined expense management. We are pleased to see margin benefits from these initiatives already and expect to see topline benefits as well as the new global line planning process is implemented. Now let me provide an overview of the quarter. We continued to see the impact of currency movements on foreign tourist traffic around the world. The stronger U.S. dollar reduced foreign tourist traffic in the U.S., while the weaker euro and Japanese yen had the opposite effect in those markets. In Europe, our revenue was up double-digits in constant currency similar to the first quarter. Growth was driven by increased sales to both local customers and tourists. Wholesale demand was particularly strong, with robust sell-throughs that drove strong reorders. All brands across the portfolio performed well and by region, Northern and Central Europe performed the best. In Asia, second quarter revenue was up 7% in constant currency, with double-digit growth in Japan, China, Southeast Asia, and Australia. We are successfully elevating our brand in these markets through targeted merchandising strategies and marketing initiatives. Full-price selling is up year-over-year, driving better sales and margins. We are achieving market share gains through success with local customers as well as increased tourist traffic. Korea, Hong Kong and Macau all were negatively impacted by reduced tourist traffic. In Korea, trends started to improve as the lingering effect of the MERS outbreak diminished. In the Americas, net revenue was up 2% in constant currency. Sales trends were impacted by the continued decline of traffic to both our retail stores and department stores, driven by lower foreign tourist traffic and an unseasonably warm start to the fall season. Within our retail store network, we were able to partially offset the traffic declines by driving increased conversion through successful merchandising strategies and marketing initiatives. Our global e-commerce sales were up 10% in the second quarter, driven by our international business. In North America e-commerce, we saw improved trends compared to the first quarter. We made several enhancements in our omnichannel capabilities including the launch of Buy Online Ship from Store and Hold Online pickup in Store and a new feature where customers can be added to a waitlist if we are sold out of a size or color. We also added product videos that are driving a higher average order value. Within the global factory outlet channel, results were mixed. Europe saw increased traffic and conversion rates leading to strong comp store sales growth. The U.S. continued to see traffic declines due to fewer foreign tourists. Importantly, in the U.S. in locations where domestic customers represent more of the traffic, we achieved positive comps driven by improved conversion rates that were the result of successful marketing and in-store initiatives. As we plan the second half of fiscal 2016, we are taking a prudent approach given the slow start to fall in the U.S. fueled by unseasonably warm weather and continued declines in foreign tourist traffic. We believe inventory in the North America department store channel is elevated and as a result, despite our Q2 beat, we are maintaining our guidance for the full year. Bob will share more details on our second half guidance. Now let me provide an update on our key strategic initiatives starting with the transition to our new global brand management structure. We made excellent progress in the quarter with all six brand presidents and their leadership teams now in place, our new global line planning process well underway, and the clarification of decision rights across brands, regions and channels. The global line planning process is one of the most important elements of the new operating model as it impacts the way we design, merchandise and plan our assortments. The Men's Polo brand successfully piloted this new process as the team planned for the fall of 2016 season. The team began with input from the regions and channels and the view of the successes and opportunities of the prior season. This led into category and classification strategies to start the design process. When the new line was completed several weeks ago, the positive impact of the process was evident, yielding significant product innovation, greater global brand consistency, and style and SKU reductions. For example, for fall 2016, Polo will feature lighter weight fabrics and a more wear-now sensibility for warm weather stores and early deliveries in northern climate stores. There will also be more elevated product, including more sport coats and dress furnishings as these elements have seen strong sales in our retail stores. We expect a double-digit reduction in SKUs compared to the same season last year and this is on top of the reduction we achieved in fall 2015. So, we are very encouraged by this progress. We will be rolling out the global line planning process to other brands over the coming weeks as we kick off the design and development process for the spring 2017 season, and we believe there will be tremendous benefit across our portfolio. The success of the Men's Polo pilot has led to enthusiasm and confidence among the brand teams as to the benefits this new way of working will have on the strength of our assortments and the efficiency of our operation. We continue to expect a significant reduction in SKUs and sample and design cost which will lead to better inventory turns, higher gross margins, and meaningful SG&A cost savings across the brand portfolio over the next 18 months to 24 months. We've also initiated a new global brand strategic planning process that will be completed over the next few months. This will be the first time we will have a holistic strategic view by brand across all geographies and channels of distribution. We are raising our estimate for annual expense savings associated with the restructure to $110 million from $100 million, given the progress we have made in the global brand restructuring effort, as well as incremental store closures we have identified. As a result, we expect a higher restructuring charge of $120 million to $150 million versus our previous estimate of $70 million to $100 million. This increase also includes the impact of recent management changes and one-time charges primarily related to litigation settlements. Turning to our direct-to-consumer growth strategy, we are expanding our reach through new store openings and elevating our presentation through renovation activity in our existing fleet. In the second quarter, we renovated our Ralph Lauren store in South Coast Plaza, which will reopen shortly, and we will be starting renovations at our Beverly Hills flagship store. These activities will reinforce our luxury presence and elevate our positioning in the Los Angeles market. For Polo, we opened five new directly operated stores in the quarter, including two in the U.S. and three in Asia. We also made progress with re-positioning select stores to either Ralph Lauren Luxury or the Polo Concept in North America. We expect this effort to drive better alignment and clarity by brand as well as improved store productivity and efficiency. Across all brands and concepts, we opened 14 directly operated stores in the second quarter, as well as several licensed locations and concessions. This brings us to a total of 20 new directly operated stores for the first half of the year. And we are on track to open 40 to 50 new stores for fiscal 2016, which will provide mid-single digit square footage growth taking into account planned store closings. Let me turn to some product highlights for the quarter. We previously announced the clarification of our luxury product offering through the merging of Women's and Men's Black Label into Ralph Lauren Collection and Purple Label. The first season of the merged line is delivering now, and the reception is very positive. We are already seeing the efficiencies of this strategy through a reduction in product development and sample costs, and we expect a strong selling season. In our accessories business, we continue to gain momentum with our iconic Ricky Collection in both existing and new silhouettes and styles. We also saw double-digit comp growth in scarves, jewelry and belts, and are continuing to focus on these categories for disproportionate growth. Now let me turn to Polo Sport which launched in our retail stores and select department stores worldwide in August and was followed in October by a launch in 75 top DICK'S Sporting Goods stores and on dickssportinggoods.com. We kicked off the launch with the introduction of the PoloTech Shirt at the U.S. Open tennis tournament. The shirt which features industry-leading advancements in wearable technology has already generated more than 3.1 billion media impressions and continues to receive strong editorial attention. This was followed by powerful video content leveraged across all distribution channels. The early read on Polo Sport is positive, and we have already incorporated initial learning from this first season into go-forward development. We believe Polo Sport will be a significant business for us as consumers' growing desire for performance and athleisure product fits perfectly with the DNA of the Polo brand. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we have made this year and we are confident in the company's potential for future growth. We believe that the new global brand management operating model will allow us to more fully leverage the power of our brands, and we continue to make thoughtful strategic decisions to minimize the impact of near-term market realities and maximize shareholder returns over time. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me say that we are all excited to have Stefan joining as our new CEO. And on behalf of Ralph, myself and the entire senior management team, we would like to recognize and thank Jackwyn Nemerov for all of her contributions over the past 11 years. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin with a brief recap of the quarter. Second quarter net revenues were up 4% to the prior year on a constant currency basis driven by double-digit revenue growth internationally as well as the contribution of new stores and strong global e-commerce growth. This is in line with the guidance we provided of 3% to 5% constant currency growth in August. The negative FX impact to revenue growth was approximately 500 basis points, largely in line with the expectations. On a reported basis, net revenues declined 1% to $2 billion in the second quarter. Gross profit margin was 56.5% in the second quarter. This was 30 basis points below the prior year period. The decline in gross profit margin was due to unfavorable foreign currency effects. On a constant currency basis, gross margin was up 90 basis points compared to the prior year due to lower negotiated sourcing costs, benefit from the initial phases of SKU and style rationalization, increased full-price selling and mix benefits. Operating margin in the second quarter was 13.5% excluding one-time charges, 90 basis points below the prior year. This is significantly better than the outlook we provided of 275-basis-point to 325-basis-point decline in August. The operating margin was favorable to our guidance due to better than expected gross margin, cost savings from the global brand organization plan and disciplined expense management. The lower operating margin to the prior year was attributable to negative foreign currency effects and incremental investments in infrastructure. Net income for the second quarter was $184 million or $2.13 per diluted share, excluding one-time charges. Earnings per share grew 13% to the prior year period, excluding foreign currency impacts and one-time charges. On a reported basis, net income was $160 million or $1.86 per diluted share in the second quarter. The effective tax rate of 29% in the second quarter on an adjusted basis was slightly below our guidance of 30% due to discrete tax items and compared to an effective tax rate of 28% in the prior-year period. Moping on to segment performance, wholesale revenues increased 3% in constant currency in the second quarter. Wholesale revenue was supported by double-digit constant currency growth in Europe with the strength across all brands. On a reported basis, wholesale revenues of $927 million were 2% below the prior-year period. Wholesale operating margin in the second quarter was 26.8% excluding one-time charges. This was 60 basis points above the prior-year period, driven by gross margin improvement and disciplined expense management. Retail sales increased 5% in constant currency, to $996 million in the second quarter. Growth was driven by incremental contribution from new stores and strong global e-commerce growth. Comparable store sales declined 1% in constant currency and declined 6% on a reported basis. International same store sales were positive with particular strength in Europe, Japan, China, and Australia but comps declined in North America as traffic was pressured by the strong U.S. dollar and the overall retail environment. Our e-commerce trend improved somewhat from last quarter but was offset by our brick-and-mortar comp, which was down 2% to 3%, similar to last quarter. Within e-commerce, our international business continued to post strong double-digit gains. Excluding one-time charges, retail operating margin in the second quarter was 12.8%, which was 80 basis points below the prior-year period, reflecting fixed expense deleverage and negative foreign currency effects. Licensing revenues increased 7% in constant currency in the second quarter, and licensing operating income was in-line with the prior year period. Moving on to the balance sheet, consolidated inventory was $1.4 billion at the end of the second quarter, up 7% year-over-year. This growth reflects investments to support new store openings and increased shipments of Polo Sport and Polo Women's. At the end of the second quarter, we had 32 more directly operated stores and 82 more concessions in the chain than a year ago, which is contributing to the growth. We feel comfortable with our inventory levels and the quality of our inventory. Moving on to capital expenditures, we spent $134 million in the second quarter compared to $91 million in the prior-year period. The company also repurchased 1.1 million shares of its common stock during the second quarter at a cost of $130 million. This brought year-to-date repurchases to $280 million. At the end of the second quarter, approximately $300 million remained available for future share repurchases. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet and $727 million of total debt. This reflects the new $300 million senior note offering we completed in August. Now I'd like to turn to guidance for fiscal 2016. As Chris mentioned, we are taking a prudent approach to planning the balance of the fiscal year. As a result, despite our Q2 beat, we are maintaining our guidance for the full year. We continue to expect reported revenues to be approximately flat for the year, driven by a 3% to 5% constant currency revenue growth and 400 basis points of negative impact from foreign currency based on current exchange rates. The constant currency growth will be supported by significant contributions from the strategic initiatives which we have invested in over the last several years, as well as the actions we are taking to mitigate negative currency impacts including raising pricing for the spring 2016 season in Europe, Japan, Canada, and Australia. Retail segment revenues are expected to grow faster than wholesale. As a reminder, we have a 53rd week in fiscal 2016. Moving on to operating income, on a reported basis, we continue to expect our full year, fiscal 2016 operating margin to be approximately 100 basis points to 230 basis points below fiscal year 2015's levels due to unfavorable currency impacts. This guidance excludes one-time charges that are primarily related to restructuring activities associated with our global brand reorganization. We expect these one-time charges to approximate $120 million to $150 million for fiscal 2016, of which $38 million was recognized in the second quarter and $83 million in the first half of fiscal 2016. This is higher than the estimate we shared previously of $70 million to $100 million due to inclusion of additional charges associated with the recently announced management changes and additional restructuring activities. Our fiscal 2016 tax rate is expected to be 30%. We are planning approximately $400 million to $500 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 to support our global direct-to-consumer and infrastructure investments. For the third quarter fiscal 2016, we expect net revenues to grow zero to 2% on a reported basis. We estimate the negative currency impact on sales growth in the third quarter to be 250 basis points. Our operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be 200 basis points to 250 basis points below the prior-year period due to negative foreign currency effects and infrastructure investments. The third quarter tax rate is estimated at 31%. Overall, we are pleased with the better than expected second quarter results. Disciplined planning and rigorous attention to the day-to-day execution enabled us to offset meaningful FX and environmental headwinds in addition to driving our strategic initiatives forward. With that, we'll open the call up for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning. Nice quarter, guys. Stefan, I know it's your first week, so I'm not going to ask you any detailed questions on the company, but I would love to get your view kind of on the global apparel fashion landscape, how you see it evolving, especially given your experiences at H&M and Old Navy which are two very different brands than Ralph Lauren. And then kind of accordingly, how does that shape your view of what the biggest opportunities are at Ralph Lauren? Thanks.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Omar. And I'll start with  I hear it as two questions, one being my view on the global landscape. So, I believe that independent of where you're in the market today, in fashion apparel, you have to be special, you have to be unique, you have to be exciting, you have to stand for something, you have to be consistent, you have to focus on quality, you have to focus on the experience, and you have to deliver something great. So that's very much what attracted me when I had that first dinner with Ralph. I realized that this is his vision. This is how he has built this great company and that's why I said in my opening remarks that I believe that vision is more relevant than ever before, given what I see happening out there. And coming to the biggest opportunity  that connects to me to the biggest opportunities, I believe that Ralph's vision that started with ties and a drawer at the Empire State building and has built into where we stand right now is just a beginning. I believe that there are really good days ahead of us.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congrats on a great quarter in a tough environment. I guess just two questions. I apologize if they are a little wordy. So, I was a little surprised by the magnitude of the gross margin improvement from the SKU improvement you guys made this early, considering you told us the roll out of the global SKU program will really be only in place for one brand, Polo, I think, by fall of 2016. It sounds like you went through a smaller manual process today and it translated to a lot of improvement. Can you give us any quantitative metrics to help us think about how much you lowered SKUs by this quarter and how that may  what the magnitude of that is relative to what we're going to see next year in the fall as you roll it out? And then as a follow-up, you've had us focused on some investment buckets for the past few years. You've commented on e-commerce and SAP spend peaking this year. I think you'll have less intensity in flagship openings next year, so maybe the retail investment isn't quite as intense, but maybe if we start adding up those buckets up again, can you give us your early thoughts based on the components as you see them today for your ability to leverage margins in fiscal 2017? Thank you.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So, let me take the first part of that first. So, I think the results obviously came in significantly better than we expected this quarter when we gave guidance on the quarter and really about  we beat the operating margin expectation that we had by about 200 basis points. And if you look at that beat, about half of it was due to gross margin and half of it was due to SG&A and it was really a function of a number of items. On the gross margin side, we did see benefits from the SKU and style rationalization and you're right, that we tackled that when we started the global merchandising group about a year or two ago in a manual way. We're just scratching the surface of that, I would say at this point, because the systemic approach to the style and SKU rationalization is really what's coming in the global line planning process which was going to kick in 12 months to 18 months from now. So I would say if you looked at Men's Polo for fall of 2015, we might have been down a low double-digit percentage of styles and SKUs. And then when you look at fall of 2016, we're expecting again, even versus that lower base, another improvement of equal magnitude, and I think on many of the other brands, we've had an initial little bit of a progress, but I think there's more progress ahead of us going forward as we move into the line planning process. We also, on the gross margin side though, benefited from the lower negotiated sourcing costs. If you recall when we took the big foreign exchange hurt back earlier this calendar year, we commissioned our manufacturing and sourcing group to go back to our sourcing and supply chain base, and that sourcing discussion and cost discussion has resulted in average unit cost reductions that came a little bit bigger than we expected and faster. And then we also benefited from improved full-price sell throughs during the quarter. So, all of that kind of went in the positive direction which led to the gross margin improvement. Relative to next fiscal year, I think we are just about to kick off the budgeting process, so it's premature to give guidance on next fiscal year. We'll provide qualitative perspective at our next call but your comment is accurate in that certainly from an infrastructure standpoint, we expect the e-commerce replatforming spend to be higher next year as we ramp up the work on moving to the new e-commerce platform, but we do expect the SAP spending to moderate though. I expect infrastructure in total to not be a significant year-over-year driver. The retail investment also, I don't expect to be a year-over-year driver because we're at about the rate of new store openings that we anticipate going forward. I do think that we're going to see foreign exchange impact next year continuing, primarily on the transactional side, because the hedging program that we had in place this year will roll off over the next 9 months to 12 months, so we'll see a transactional hit although the translational impact should be small to non-existent at current rates. But then we're going to start to see some of the benefits from all of the restructuring work that we've done, both from the global brand restructuring, from the line planning and from the pricing actions that we put in place that should start to roll in over the next 12 months. So, we'll provide more specifics on how all of that nets against each other on the next call but that's where we stand at the moment.
Operator: Thank you.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Next call.
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura Securities.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. You mentioned that the inventory levels at retail and in department stores were elevated a bit. I guess, when you look at the forecast that you laid out for the rest of this fiscal year, can you just walk us through some of the markdown assumptions that you will see necessary and sort of how you're thinking about the markdown support to department stores versus your own retail operations?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. So, I think we feel very good about the currency of our inventory. So when we look at our inventory, the currency of our inventory is very well-positioned from a current season and future season basis versus a prior season inventory. The inventory growth that we've had in our inventory versus year ago is really to support new store activity and new product introductions like Polo Sport around the world. When we look at the U.S. department store channel, I think that's the place where we see a little bit of elevated inventory across the channel that is not just in our business, but broadly defined in many of the competitors. And I think it's a function of the foreign tourist traffic being down in the U.S. as well as the unseasonably warm start to the fall season. And so as we approach the holiday selling period, which is obviously the biggest selling period of the year for our industry, we felt like it was the right thing to take a prudent approach to that given where we're headed. We've got a long history of navigating through this in a very strong way, and we've got real expertise within the company to help us do this. And what we're trying to do is keep our inventory fresh and current, exit the season in a positive way as we transition to the next season, but do that in a way that protects the brand equity in the consumers' eyes. And so that's what we're going to be doing as we've done for many years.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citigroup.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Good morning.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just on the outlook for the back half of the year, why don't you think some of your, excuse me, expense management and lower sourcing costs impacting the back half more? Are there any expenses that shifted out of this quarter into the next quarter, and is the caution on the back half of the year more from the cancelations or the potential for cancelations or more from anticipated markdowns at your wholesale partners?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. So, I think that  we haven't seen expense shifts that have gone from the second quarter to the third quarter. So, I think we're being prudent given the environment that we see as we head through the back half of the year. So, the guidance for the back half of the year is really more a function of that. We have not seen cancelation in orders. And in fact, if you look broadly across the business, it's really a mixed environment. In Europe, our reorder rate is stronger than it's ever been. And so we're seeing real strength in the wholesale channel in Europe, and we're chasing to catch up with the reorder rate there. In the U.S., I think we're being cautious given the environment that we're facing. We're wanting to manage the markdown allowances in a prudent manner that, as I mentioned on the previous question, positions us well as we exit the fall season and transition into the spring season.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes. Good morning. Thank you. Just a question on your Polo retail strategy, obviously it's one of your key growth pillars. The Men's business is obviously a very well-established business in wholesale and retail. Women's in Polo is a newer business, I presume, to attract a younger consumer. Can you share with us your learning so far and what, if any, repositioning you have to do from an assortment perspective, maybe from casual to dressier or how are you feeling about the Polo Women's business and is this still just an important growth initiative as it was positioned certainly over the last year? Thank you.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. No, you're exactly right. So, we feel very good about the Polo Men's business which is historically one of the strongest businesses in the company. The Polo Women's business, we launched I guess about a year ago and we've seen what I would say as good results to date. The business has been stronger internationally than it has in the U.S. as we've started off. In the international markets in Europe and in Asia, we largely replaced a Blue Label business that was discontinued and we took many of the locations that were Blue Label locations and converted them to Women's Polo locations. And that business, the Women's Polo business, has now not only surpassed the size of the Blue Label business, but at price points that are below where Blue Label was. So, the unit velocity of the Polo Women's business internationally is more than double the unit velocity rate of the Blue Label business. And we see significant expansion opportunities for distribution of Women's Polo around the world. In the U.S., where we didn't have a very well-developed Blue Label business, we launched Women's Polo in incremental spaces into the marketplace. I think we're off to a good start in that business. We see it as a critical element of the company's future growth strategy, and we're working to take learnings from the initial seasons and develop them into the line as part of the line planning process that we're kicking off for Women's Polo as we go forward. So, I think we're encouraged by the start that we've had, but there's more to do, and certainly a lot more opportunity ahead of us, because, as you know, the Women's fashion and apparel business is bigger than Men's. And with the strength of the Polo brand and the strength of Polo Men's, we continue to see a big opportunity in Polo Women's.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes, hello. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the line planning process and what kind of changes you're making there. If you could talk about sort of how far into the 2016 design season you are now, and where the real opportunities are for improvement of the design process and the cleaning up of the design process?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. So as I mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, we started with a pilot of the line planning process on the Men's Polo line, which is our biggest line for fall of 2016, and we've now largely completed that pilot process. And it's interesting because the way that we did the pilot process is we started with a hindsighting approach of looking at prior seasons. We also then engaged all of the region and channel leaders around the world to bring in consumer input and feedback into develop  which we used to develop category and classification strategies and develop specific targets for price points, margins, SKUs by category and classification which then led to an architecture that we handed off to the design community. And I have to say the design community did an outstanding job of using that feedback and designing a line that is very compelling. So that line that was designed has now been shared back with the regions and the channel teams and the response from the region and channel teams has been terrific to the design community's progress in terms of product innovation. I'm not going to talk about all of the product innovation at this point because I don't want to give away too much of our secrets. But I referenced a couple of the items that you're going see as we move into the fall 2016 Men's Polo line. You are going to see us having lighter weight fabrics, a more wear-now sensibility. About half of the Polo distribution is in warm weather climate locations. And we felt like we had a big opportunity to design into that so that both for the early part of the fall season in the Northern climate stores, and the majority of the fall season in the warm climate stores we had product that was more compelling, more innovative and more attractive for those target locations. And I think we've delivered on that. And there's a series of themes like that that you're going to see as we go through that. So that's where we are really for the fall process on the line planning process. We're really kicking off the line planning process for the spring 2017 season for the majority of the balance of the brands and categories. And so, I expect that we'll see similar results for the spring 2017 season as we get through the process on the other brands.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Rick Patel with Stephens.
Rick Patel - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning. Nice quarter, and Stefan great to have you on the call. I have a question on e-commerce. So it seems like you did quite well globally, but if I recall correctly, there were some significant competitor promotions in the last quarter. I'm curious if they continued and perhaps limited the upside for this channel. And then secondly, just a question on e-commerce margins. Because it's managed by partners right now, but as you go live with your own websites in the coming years, what kind of margin uptick should we expect from bringing it in-house? Thank you.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. So the global e-commerce revenue was up 10% in the second quarter, and this compared to the 2% increase we had in the first quarter. So we were encouraged by the acceleration of revenue growth in the e-commerce channel. I think that we continue to stay true to our promotional cadence, where as I mentioned on the last call, we decided to pull back a little bit in terms of the amount of business that we were doing on sale. But what we had this quarter were some omni-channel initiatives like buy online ship from store, hold online pick up in store, the new wait list functionality and product videos that drove higher average order value and the combination of those new omni-channel initiatives I think is what drove the return to stronger growth. And that was true both out internationally, but also true in the North America e-commerce business. Relative to the profitability, today we pay eBay Enterprise or the formerly GSI a percent of revenue for the service that they're providing on  that's a percent of e-commerce revenue. In addition to that, we're incurring charges associated with insourcing the platform. Once we convert off of the GSI platform to our insourced platform, that GSI fee will go to zero and so we're effectively double paying if you will today for both in-house and outsourced capability. We expect to convert off of the eBay, GSI platform over the next 12 months to 18 months. So I think you'll see us double paying for a 12-month to 18-month period and then you'll see us start to generate the benefit after that. The other point I would make is we expect the insourced capability and cost to be lower than the GSI fee that we're paying. So it's not just that we're getting more capability but we're getting more capability at a lower going cost structure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Beth Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask two quick ones. First, you've talked about price increases that you took  high single digit price increases that you took on products sold overseas, and I know that that product doesn't really hit the shelves until the spring season, but I was curious if you had any read. I know your customers have generally accepted the price increases. If there's any read that gives you more or less confidence that consumers will also accept them? And then, second, Chris, if you could just touch on, now that you're actually seeing some of the benefits from the work you've been doing over the last several quarters in improving efficiencies, line planning, SKU reduction and all that sort of stuff, whether you have sort of fresh perspective on what the margin recovery opportunity is for the business over the longer term as all of these things that you sound so encouraged by and all the long-term opportunity to improve efficiency really comes through? Thanks.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. Let me start with the price increase question. So, I think, it's a little bit early to talk about the consumer reaction to the price increase, but I'll give you a little bit of what we're seeing, and it's encouraging, because we did see, and as you know, we took sort of mid- to high-single digit price increases in the  to respond to the currency devaluation in Europe, in Canada, in Japan and in Australia, which were the markets that were the most affected by devaluation. In Europe, which is the largest market that we've taken price increases in, we still haven't got the product on the floor in front of consumers, but we have gone through a wholesale market with the higher prices, and what we've seen from that market from wholesale orders is that the wholesale orders have been actually in line with our previous growth rate in terms of unit volume. And so the pricing has come on top of the unit volume, and so we're encouraged by that from a sell-in perspective where we're seeing that the pricing isn't a barrier to strong sell-in in the wholesale channel. We're also hearing that many of the competitors are taking pricing in the market as well. But we don't yet have the consumer read of what is the consumer reaction when that product shows up on the retail and wholesale floors. I expect that we'll get some early indication of that over the next three months or so. And then on the question on longer term margin, certainly we're very encouraged by the line planning work that we've done, the SKU reduction opportunity, the global brand reorganization from a cost savings, and from a efficiency of operation. I think, it's a little bit too soon to say what that means for longer term margins, but certainly we believe all of these things can contribute to a margin improvement story over the next three years to five years. And so we're very much shooting for an operating margin improvement story over that time period as many of these initiatives begin to take hold.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Congrats on a nice quarter. So as we think about the go forward constant currency revenues, aside from the mid-single digit square footage growth which should continue, what's the best way to think about steady state, North America and Europe wholesale growth versus retail comps, again, in more of a steady state environment if we ever see one?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. So, you know, I think that we would like to return to a steady state environment, but we're not counting on returning to a steady state environment. So, I think, we're trying to manage the business in a volatile period where we are seeing significant moves in tourist traffic around the world. I do think if you look at Europe and the U.S. combined from a wholesale perspective, I think our view is that that channel is going to grow at sort of a low single-digit rate. We continue to believe that we can grow market share in that channel by entering new product categories and innovating on our product lines, so we think we might be able to grow a couple of points faster than the channel as we gain market share which we've pretty consistently done over the last 5 years to 10 years. And then I think our direct-to-consumer strategy of e-commerce and retail expansion is likely to remain a disproportionate growth driver for us going forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Stefan, I want to ask you just a little bit more about your answer you gave to the first question. At Old Navy, you talked a lot about how aspirational is becoming mass-pirational, in that the democratization of fashion was a big reason that Old Navy was becoming more successful. Can you talk about how the Ralph Lauren and Polo brands can navigate through that environment and how, you know, what your vision is to keep the brand special and continue to perform well?
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Jay. I'll start with saying that I have a lot to learn. And what I already know though is that there are things happening out there, bigger changes in the environment, than ever before over the last 50 years in fashion apparel. And one change that I see is that the customer wants something special, and it has to be unique and there has to be a story. And you hear a lot of brands speaking about story telling. And then you can look back at what Ralph and the team has done. It's been years before anybody else in telling real stories, inviting customers into movie, sharing a dream of a better life. So I believe that there is a real strength in that going forward as well. And then I have to come back to you when it comes to after I've learned more about the brands, the consumer, the market, and started to work with the team here on crafting and  out, refining the growth strategy that we already have.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Good morning, everyone. Can you hear me okay?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Great. I just wanted to  speed is a competitive advantage that certainly both of you have addressed. And Chris, just want to know how far along do you feel the business is currently in your speed initiative? And Stefan, what competencies of speed in your former jobs do you think could be brought over to Ralph Lauren over time? And, Chris, how do you see this as a margin enhancer also? Thank you.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. So I'll start and then I'll let Stefan finish. I think that part of what we're doing by moving to the global brand structure is about speed of decision making and speed of execution in the market. Because when you have a centralized point of view by brand that, with all of the functional groups represented as part of the brand team, it allows us to move in a faster way. I will say that we're not yet there from a moving as fast as I think we could in some areas, and a lot of that's because we're just at the beginning of the global brand structure. The global brand teams have been in place now for only a couple of months, and so I think they're both getting up to speed on the business, implementing line plans for the first time, developing brand strategies, we're starting to get brand financial reporting up to enable those teams to really manage the business on a more real-time basis, and so I think we're making progress, but there's more work to do.
Stefan Larsson - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and to build on what Chris said, and hi, Dana. I believe speed is important, I've received questions throughout my career on speed. I believe it has to be grounded in an original idea. So when I look at what Ralph and the team have done to build the company to where it stands right now is based on an authentic idea. And so it's about being authentic and it's being  it's about being current at the same time. And that's part of the changes I see in the market, and that's part of why I'm very excited to be here, because Ralph has created something original, and  and being very authentic to that, and working with the team to being more and more and more authentic. But at the same time making sure that we are current. So it's finding those two components and that will deliver something that the consumer will be excited about, and that will drive growth over time.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Okay. Thank you very much for joining this morning, and we will look forward to following up with you for additional questions, as always, as appropriate. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren Kopelman - Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Katharine McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Lindsay B. Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Swinand - Morningstar Research Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mrs. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren Kopelman - Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes an overview of the quarter and an update on our broader strategic initiatives from Jacki Nemerov, our President and COO; followed by financial perspective on the first quarter from Bob Madore, our CFO; and concluding with commentary on our organizational restructure as well as our expectations for fiscal 2016 from Chris Peterson, our President of Global Brands. After the company's prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter of our new fiscal year, we delivered revenues in line with our guidance and profits that were better than our expectations. This was driven by the company's attention to careful, disciplined operational and expense management. We are pleased with these results in the context of the environment in which we operate and we are on track to deliver our plan for the fiscal year. We see the year developing as one of steady quarter-by-quarter improvement. Looking at the first half, we are negatively impacted by the Easter calendar, significant foreign exchange pressure and our infrastructure investments. In the second half, we expect to see both sales and profit improvement due to the launch of Polo Sport and the opening of our new stores, the impact of product cost savings and pricing actions, and the benefit of our restructuring activities. In addition, the foreign exchange pressure will lessen as the year progresses. Now let me turn to the quarter. There were several factors impacting our results: first, the shift in global tourist traffic patterns around the world; second, but related to the first point, the changes in foreign exchange rates; and third, the increasingly promotional U.S. retail environment. We are taking decisive actions to most effectively operate in this changing environment. We always take a long-term view to protect both our brand and our profitability. While our infrastructure investments have pressured our operating margin in the short term, we believe these are the right investments that will pay off in the future. Let me give you more texture on each of these topics. In the first quarter, the impact of currency movements on global tourism was especially pronounced. We saw significant increases in traffic in Europe and Japan, and a decline in the U.S. We see that the customer is more astute than ever and adjusts travel and purchasing plans to make the smartest spending decisions. Our business was up double-digits in Europe and Japan, where the local currencies have weakened and tourism has increased. In Japan, an increase in traffic from Chinese tourists and more domestic consumption from the Japanese, as they traveled less overseas due to their weaker currency, drove the business. We also had specific merchandising and marketing initiatives implemented by our teams that were quite successful. Europe experienced similar strength as tourist traffic increased with the weaker euro, and demand was especially strong in wholesale. In the U.S., the impact was disproportionate for us, as our distribution skews to the larger cities that have experienced the most significant slowdowns in traffic and spending from the foreign tourist. Roughly half of our U.S. Ralph Lauren and Club Monaco stores are in major gateway cities, such as New York, Miami and San Francisco. Many of our largest points of wholesale distribution are also in major gateway cities. And finally, our factory outlet presence is heavily skewed to centers that tend to attract more foreign tourists. In the balance of our distribution across the rest of the country, our performance has been on or above plan, which tells us that the strength of our brands and appeal of our products remain high. Now, let me turn to the retail environment in the U.S. The industry saw a late start to the spring season due to issues related to the West Coast port delays and an unseasonably cold weather pattern, as well as the lower tourist traffic I spoke about earlier. These conditions created an excessive inventory and, therefore, more promotional environment in North America. We made the decision to be less promotional than the landscape, because we believe it's critical to protect our brand. Looking at comp growth across some of our largest customers, we are in line or better than their stores' average performance. For our retail business, revenue was up 3% in constant currency in the first quarter. Global same-store sales were down 2% due to a slowdown in e-commerce. e-commerce revenue was up 2%, which was softer than prior quarters. As I referenced earlier, the environment in North America was highly promotional in the quarter, and this was more pronounced online. And again, we chose to stay less promotional than the landscape and achieved a higher average unit retail over the prior-year period as a result. While we knew this decision could slow our revenue growth, we believed it was the right thing to do for our brand. We have seen a pick-up in sales at the beginning of the second quarter. However, we remain cautious as most of the quarter remains ahead of us. Now, I'd like to provide some perspective on international sales trends. As I mentioned, Europe had a strong quarter, with revenue up 10% in constant currency. Wholesale demand was particularly strong, with robust sell-throughs and reorders, and all brands across the portfolio are performing well. By region, Northern and Central Europe performed the best. In Asia, revenue was up 9% in constant currency. Japan, which is our largest business in Asia, had a strong quarter with double-digit revenue growth in constant currency, driven by successful merchandising and marketing initiatives as well as the increase in traffic from Chinese tourists that I previously mentioned. In Korea, we experienced a strong trend until the MERS outbreak in June, which negatively impacted traffic. China was strong, once again, with double-digit comp growth. Hong Kong and Macau traffic remain pressured, but we saw improvement in our conversion rate. We continue to see strong performance of women's Polo and the expansion of the Lauren brand through new distribution in Japan and Korea, which represents an additional opportunity for growth. Turning to some of the product highlights, let me begin with luxury. I spoke on our last call about the merging of our luxury labels to create a singular Ralph Lauren Collection label for women and Ralph Lauren Purple Label for men. I'm delighted to report that this is on track for the spring 2016 season, with positive feedback from both the retail and editorial communities, who immediately understood the clarity of our offering. For the first time in many years, Ralph Lauren participated in Milan Men's Fashion Week with an elegant and exclusive presentation of the spring 2016 Purple Label collection. This took place at the Ralph Lauren Palazzo in the heart of Milan that beautifully represents the aesthetic and sensibility of Ralph Lauren luxury. Within the accessories part of the luxury business, we are continuing to expand the signature Ricky handbag line with the newest style, the Drawstring Ricky that was featured in our most recent advertising campaign. We will continue to grow our luxury accessory assortment and broaden the price tiering of our product offering. Turning to the Polo brand, we unveiled our new Polo Sport line in mid-June on ralphlauren.com in the U.S. and have seen strong interest through our preorder capability. Starting with men's and boys' product, this performance-oriented collection not only brings forward an important aspect of the Polo heritage and DNA, but also speaks to the performance-inspired active trend. Polo Sport will be available in our own stores and select department stores worldwide later this month and will be introduced at DICK'S Sporting Goods in late fall. Our Polo Tech shirt, which combines the aesthetic of Polo Sport and industry-leading advancements in wearable technology, will also be available for purchase later this month. This high-performance shirt will be supported by an interactive Polo Tech app that will feature exclusive video content that allows the wearer to optimize training performance. We presented our spring 2016 collections for Polo sportswear, Polo tailored clothing and Polo Sport as part of the first-ever New York Men's Fashion Week last month, and the reception across the board was very strong with a tremendous amount of favorable commentary on the evolution of the brand. Turning to the women's component of our Polo brand, as we enter its second year, we will be broadening the product line to address additional dimensions of our customer's lifestyle. Denim & Supply continues to see strong growth in both men's and women's. Both Polo for Women and Denim & Supply feature product that spoke to some of the season's biggest trends, such as bohemian looks and fringe details, which are core to our DNA. And across all brands, we had terrific consumer response to our denim offerings. Our dress business, Lauren footwear and Lauren accessories are also performing well. In our licensed businesses, men's Polo furnishings, Lauren tailored clothing and home continue to grow and gain market share in the department store channel. We remain focused on managing the business and the brands for the long term. We continue to be disciplined about expense management, especially given the challenging macro operating environment, in order to allow us to thoughtfully invest in our long-term strategic growth initiatives. I would like to recognize the talent, experience and dedication of our senior leaders and their teams. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Robert L. Madore - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin with a brief recap of the quarter. On a constant currency basis, revenues were in line with the prior year, driven by double-digit revenue growth internationally. This is in line with the guidance we provided in May. The negative FX impact to revenue growth was approximately 500 basis points, which is slightly better than we anticipated as the euro performed slightly better against the U.S. dollar. On a reported basis, net revenues declined 5% to $1.6 billion in the first quarter. Gross profit margin was 59.8% in the first quarter excluding restructuring-related non-cash charges of $3 million. This was 120 basis points below the prior-year period. The decline in gross profit margin was due to unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating margin in the first quarter was 8.8% excluding restructuring and related non-cash charges. This was 550 basis points below the prior year; however, better than the outlook we provided in May of 600 basis point to 650 basis point decrease. The operating margin came in better than our guidance due to disciplined operational management across the organization. Lower operating margin was attributable to the timing of revenue receipts in our wholesale business, incremental investments in infrastructure, and negative foreign currency effects. Net income for the first quarter was $95 million or $1.09 per diluted share excluding restructuring and related non-cash charges. On a reported basis, net income was $64 million or $0.73 per diluted share. The effective tax rate of 30% in the first quarter, on an adjusted basis, was in line with our guidance and compared to an effective tax rate of 31% in the prior-year period. Moving on to segment performance, wholesale revenues declined 6% in constant currency during the first quarter. Wholesale revenue was negatively impacted by our customers' receipt plans due to an earlier Easter this year, which was partially offset by double-digit constant currency growth in Europe. Combining the two quarters to take a more holistic view of the Spring/Summer season, global wholesale revenues were up approximately 2% in constant currency. On a reported basis wholesale revenues of $642 million were 9% below the prior-year period. Wholesale operating margin in the first quarter was 21.8% excluding restructuring related non-cash charges. This was 370 basis points below the prior-year period due to the change in customer receipt plans. Retail sales increased 3% in constant currency to $935 million. Growth was driven by incremental contribution from new stores and e-commerce expansion. Comparable store sales declined 2% in constant currency and declined 8% on a reported basis. In Europe and Asia, same-store sales growth was positive with particular strength in Japan and China. In North America, the strong U.S. dollar pressured tourist traffic in the overall retail environment. As Jacki mentioned, comps in brick-and-mortar stores were similar to last quarter in the range of down 2% to 3%; however, e-commerce growth was softer than prior quarters at up 2%. Again, the online environment in North America became highly promotional in the quarter and we chose to stay less promotional than the landscape. We achieved a higher average unit retail and higher average order value over the prior period as the results. Excluding restructuring related non-cash charges, retail operating margin in the first quarter was 12.6%, which was 490 points below the prior-year period, reflecting fixed expense deleverage and negative foreign currency effects. Licensing revenues increased 6% in constant currency during the first quarter and licensing operating income was in line with the prior-year period. Moving on to the balance sheet, consolidated inventory was $1.3 billion at the end of the first quarter, up 8% year-over-year, reflecting investments to support new store openings, the launch of Polo Sport and increased shipments of Polo Women's, as well as a change in the timing of receipt plans. In addition, we spent $68 million on capital expenditures compared to $85 million in the prior-year period. The company also repurchased 1.1 million shares of its common stock during the first quarter at a cost of $150 million, and at the end of the first quarter approximately $430 million remained available for future share repurchases. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet. Overall, we're pleased with the better-than-expected first quarter results. Disciplined planning and day-to-day execution enabled us to offset meaningful FX and environmental headwinds. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris to give you an update on our global brand reorganization effort and guidance for fiscal 2016.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to share an update on our transition to the new global brand management organization structure we spoke about on our last call, as we have made significant progress. In the last 90 days, we established six global brand groups, and I'm pleased to report that we have filled all of the global brand president roles. These presidents reflect an equal balance of Ralph Lauren veterans with significant experience inside our organization, and outside talent with critical category expertise. In addition to the six brand presidents, we have also begun to identify the design, merchandising, marketing and finance leads for their respective teams and are pleased with the way these groups are forming. A key element of our new operating model is the introduction of a global line planning process. This is the end-to-end process by which we design, merchandise and plan our assortments. We have kicked it off in our Polo Men's business as a pilot for the fall 2016 season. We will use learnings from this pilot to inform its roll-out across the other brands in spring 2017 and beyond. We expect this new process to improve brand equity and revenue growth by creating better assortments and more consistent brand messaging, and drive operating efficiencies at the same time. The new organization structure and its accompanying processes will lead to a significant reduction in SKUs as well as sample and design costs, which will lead to better inventory turns, higher gross margins and meaningful SG&A cost savings. We expect to see the benefits from the global line planning process in the next 18 months to 24 months as it rolls out across the portfolio. We also implemented the head count reduction that we spoke about on our last call. These were difficult, but necessary, decisions and we are on track to realize the $100 million in annual expense savings we spoke about previously, driven by the move to the new organization model. Only a modest amount of the benefits will be realized in fiscal 2016, with more significant savings to come in fiscal 2017 and beyond. We expect to incur restructuring and other one-time related charges of approximately $70 million to $100 million as a result of this reorganization, and we've recognized $45 million of this expected charge in the first quarter. This charge encompasses the cost of separation associated with our workforce reduction as well as the cost of store and shop adjustments to provide greater clarity of brand presentation. We're very encouraged by the early stages of our transition and pleased to report that it has gone smoothly. We now feel even more confident that it will allow us to maximize growth and achieve meaningful operational and financial efficiencies. Before I turn to guidance for fiscal 2016, I wanted to give an update on some of our key initiatives around new store development, infrastructure investments and our efforts to mitigate foreign exchange impacts. In the first quarter, we opened six directly operated and 15 licensed stores around the world. We are on track to open 40 to 50 directly operated stores in fiscal 2016. We continue to expect that these new store investments will be neutral to year-on-year margins in fiscal 2016 as the accelerated store opening pace is now in our base. Regarding infrastructure investments, our e-commerce re-platform is on schedule and ramping up as planned. This is a multiyear initiative to significantly improve the company's omni-channel capabilities and the customer's shopping experience. Our SAP implementation in Europe is also on track. We continue to expect our infrastructure investments to create a year-on-year drag of approximately 60 basis points on operating margin in fiscal 2016, largely driven by the critical e-commerce re-platforming investment. Moving to foreign exchange, let me give you an update on our previously announced actions to mitigate the negative currency impacts. We have raised prices for cruise and spring seasons in those markets that have been impacted by currency devaluation, including Japan, Canada, Australia and Europe. These pricing actions are generally in the mid to high single-digit range. Our retail partners have been very receptive to the price increases, and we believe our competitors are implementing pricing actions as well. We expect to see the benefits on our income statement in the back half of the fiscal year. In addition, we continue to expect lower product cost in the back half of the fiscal year from lower raw material and oil prices. With that as backdrop, I'd like to now turn to guidance for fiscal 2016. We are maintaining our outlook for the fiscal year. We continue to expect mid-single digit constant currency revenue growth for the full year. This will be supported by significant contributions from the strategic initiatives in which we have invested over the last several years. Retail segment revenues are expected to grow faster than wholesale. And based on current exchange rates, foreign currency will have about a 450 basis point negative impact on fiscal 2016 revenue growth. Moving to operating income, on a constant currency basis, we expect an improvement in operating margin from continuing operations in fiscal 2016. We intend to reinvest this improvement in our infrastructure build-out, primarily the new global e-commerce platform and ongoing SAP implementation. On a reported basis, we continue to expect our full year 2016 operating margin to be approximately 180 basis points to 230 basis points below fiscal 2015's levels due to the unfavorable currency impact. This guidance excludes restructuring and other one-time related charges associated with our global brand reorganizations. In terms of the sensitivity on our operating income to movements in exchange rates, a change of about $0.05 in the euro to U.S. dollar rate would impact our operating income by about $20 million on a full year basis. Our fiscal 2016 tax rate is expected to be 30%. We are planning approximately $400 million to $500 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 to support our global direct-to-consumer and infrastructure investments. For the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we expect net revenues to grow 3% to 5% in constant currency. We estimate the negative currency impact on sales growth in the second quarter to be 550 basis points. Our operating margin for the second quarter is expected to be approximately 275 to 325 basis points below the prior-year period, due to negative foreign currency effects, infrastructure investments and timing of expense savings initiatives. The second quarter tax rate is estimated at 30%. We are confident in the company's potential for future growth. We believe that the new global brand management operating model will allow us to more fully leverage the power of our brands, and we continue to make strategic decisions to minimize the impact of near-term market realities and maximize shareholder returns over time. With that, we'll open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Morning. Thanks for the update. I wanted to ask my questions around the retail business. The minus 2% comp, sounds like North America is the key driver there. Do you have a sense for what the comp might have looked like if you had chosen to go down the promotional path? And then what are your expectations for the environment? Do you expect the promotionality across retail to moderate and comp store sales trends to resume to more of a positive level? And also an update on the Polo store specifically would be great. Thanks.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. So let me start with the comp trends. It was really a mixed environment that we were operating in around the world with a lot of different factors. So I would start by saying that about 20% of our sales are driven by foreign tourists globally in our retail stores. And you correctly mention that if you look at the international business, our retail comps were positive. So we were up internationally in our retail comps, both in Europe and in Asia. Part of that was driven by strong acceptance of the product. Part of that was driven by increased traffic flows from foreign tourists, particularly in Japan and Europe. In the U.S., the business was under a little bit more pressure, and that was largely driven by the foreign tourist trend. And so I think that's been one of the biggest drivers, as we spoke about previously. With regard to the e-commerce impact, it was a little bit of a different dynamic. So in the e-commerce comps, we saw strong double-digit growth in e-commerce comps in the international business where we continued to operate in a somewhat less promotional environment. In the U.S., as we saw the promotional environment escalating, we chose to stay focused on driving full-price sell-through and increasing the brand equity. And so we chose not to go down the promotional game. And we saw, as a result of that, that our average unit retails were up versus year ago. Our average transaction size was up versus year ago, but we did see a slowdown in the revenue growth as a result. And that's really what held back the overall e-commerce comp growth in the quarter, but we think it was the right move from a long-term perspective in terms of protecting the brand equity. The Polo Fifth Avenue store, I think we continue to be very encouraged about the Polo Fifth Avenue store in terms of the job that it's doing of showcasing the brand aesthetic and brand sensibility. We're continuing to learn in that store based on the consumer response. And we're continuing to adjust the product assortment to not only showcase the direction that the brand is moving with new product, but also getting the product assortments right for that consumer that's walking into the store. So I think we continue to feel very good about where we are with that store. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for a great update. Chris, since you like multipart questions, I want to ask you one here. I know it's been a topic of intense discussion, but fiscal 2017, as we look to our longer-term models particularly on the margins, you guys have a lot of projects going on with varying durations. And as we look at next year, you guys have been commenting with us all intra-quarter on a lot of these things, maybe just an update on a few of the buckets? I think you said e-commerce and SAP are going to peak out in dollar terms this year, maybe not decline next year, but no longer inflationary. There's the restructuring savings, if you could comment on how much of that you think would flow through to margins? Because if all of it did, that would be obviously very impactful to earnings. So want to maybe help us context that. And then currency, I know most competitors now are starting to talk about the lagging impacts of hedges rolling off next year. Maybe you could just help us contextualize that as we look at next year, will FX be a bigger or smaller impact to the margins versus this year? Thanks.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah, sure. So I think you've got the three big elements that you mentioned in the question, but maybe I'll start with FX. So for FX, I think we said on the last call that we expected FX to be a hurt of about $185 million to operating income this year, which effectively accounts for most, if not all, of the margin decline in operating margin this year. If you look at that FX impact this year, about half of that is translational and half of that is transactional. The translational impact of currency rates stay where they are today, we would not have continuing into next fiscal year because we would have fully anniversaried it by the time we get to next fiscal year. We do expect, if FX rates stay where they are today, that we will have a lagging transactional hurt from FX that goes into next year, but we expect the magnitude of that transactional hurt to be slightly smaller than the transactional hurt that we're experiencing this year because of the timing of when our hedges roll off. On the infrastructure investments piece of that, I expect that the e-commerce re-platforming investment is likely to ramp up next year versus this year as we get closer to implementation. And so we're expecting to be spending more money on the e-commerce re-platforming project next year. But on the SAP project, we expect that investment to ramp down year-over-year. And so when you look at the infrastructure investments in total, it's too soon to say exactly how we net out, but probably we'll be in a similar place in fiscal 2017 in total when you look at the two projects together as where we are this year. And then, let's see, the third part of the question was on restructuring. And on restructuring savings, I think we've said that we expect to have a portion of the savings this year and a much more significant portion of the savings next year. So I do expect the restructuring savings to be a help to operating margin next year in a meaningful way. But obviously, how that nets out against the currency impact, I think it's still premature for us to say.
Operator: Thank you. The next question's from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Katharine McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning. I wondered if you could be a little bit more specific about some of the promotional pressure that you saw during the quarter, how that differed quarter-over-quarter, what categories were more promotional than other categories, and finally how it differed between your wholesale partners and your own retail stores. Thank you.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. So I guess I'd characterize it by we didn't really see a change in promotional pressure in the international business. So what we're talking about here is really the U.S. business and the U.S. retail and wholesale environment. And I think as Jacki mentioned in the prepared remarks, what we saw was with the West Coast port slowdown, with the unseasonably cold winter, there was an overhang generally of product in the industry that resulted in a desire to clear some of that inventory across the industry. And that led to a number of our wholesale partners as well as a number of our branded competitors going deeper and more frequent in their promotional cadence than what they had done a year ago. And so I think we felt good about the way that we navigated through that because we tried to navigate through that in a way that both protected our brand equity and dealt with the market realities from a competitive environment. And I think we've got a strong track record of being able to navigate through those types of short-term issues both protecting the brand and dealing with the market realities that we're facing.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: And we saw it broadly across pretty much every product category. In the men's business, the women's business and the children's business as well the home business. So it seemed to have affected all businesses in a very similar way. None of our businesses stood out in any specific way.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: The one other comment I would make on that is we also saw that the foreign tourist decline to the U.S. also I think was a contributing factor that affected the whole industry in terms of inventory levels and promotional environment.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you very much. Two questions, one, Jacki, if you can give us an update, obviously accessories is a big growth initiative for the company, that category seems to be getting more challenging, and the progress you're making toward growth in that business. And then secondly, if you look across your U.S. wholesale business, historically you guys have talked about here a low to mid-single digit growth. And I'm just wondering given the more challenging season that we just went through, whether you can still expect that kind of bookings and growth as we head through and into next year. Thank you.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Yes. Well, our accessory category continues to grow faster than our overall company average. So we're really seeing very good momentum, both for our Ralph Lauren brand and our Lauren and Polo brands. And we've grown our accessory business at a 20% CAGR since 2008, and that really, today, represents a high-single-digit percentage of our total sales. We're seeing strength in both handbags and footwear, and our international full-price sell-throughs have been extremely strong, both in men's, women's and across footwear and accessories. So we're seeing great traction in the world of Ricky. We have double-digit sales growth this year in that category. So we're really continuing to fuel that opportunity and we're expanding that line through new colors, silhouettes and materials. With the introduction of the Ricky Drawstring, we've had great success with that and are expanding that as well. In the U.S. wholesale business, I think the low to mid-single is something that we are comfortable with, and we continue to perform at or better than the customer. So I think that particularly with some of our new introductions in our Polo Sport opportunity that we're just in the beginning stages of this month, the continuation of Polo Women's, so I think we've got a lot of opportunity ahead of us in terms of some of these new introductions. The Denim & Supply business has been extremely strong. Denim, as a foundation of that business, has continued to grow and strengthen and we are feeling that in the undercurrents of that business and we play strongly in that category across Polo, across our women's business, in Polo Women's in particular, our Lauren brand, and so that category and Polo Men's as well. So I think that category we see as an increasing strong part of our opportunity going forward as well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse. Christian, your line is open. Please go ahead with your question.
Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Hello. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about inventory levels in the channel and your comfort with your own inventory levels.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure, yeah. We saw our inventory was up about 8% at the end of the quarter, and we feel very comfortable with the inventory levels in the content of that inventory. If you look at the inventory at the end of the quarter and what drove the increase, it really was impacted by the timing of receipt plans as well as getting ready for the launch of Polo Sport, the expansion of Polo Women's and the opening of new stores. So when we look at the underlying factors that we're getting ready for going forward, we feel very confident and comfortable with the inventory content and level.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay B. Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to follow up on two things. Number one, Jacki, you commented that you saw business pick up at the beginning of the quarter. I was hoping you could just put a little more color around channel, region or where you saw some of the strengthening. And then second, if you could just go through in a bit more detail the drivers of your EBIT margin outlook, what are the kind of bucket, the key drivers of compression or where you're seeing any offset for your Q2 outlook? Thanks.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I think that from our perspective, we saw a strengthening in our e-commerce business. We saw a strengthening in our overall retail business. And while the first month of our quarter tends to be more promotional, because that's just the nature of the July timing, we started to also see a strengthening of the full-price business. As we continue to sell down whatever sale we had left at this point, we also saw a nice uptick in our full-price business across the board. So I think, pretty much across all of our segments, we saw a nice increase.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: And if you look at the EBIT margin or the operating margin compression in the second quarter, I think it's really driven by the way that the fiscal year lays out. So in the second quarter, we're still impacted in a significant way by foreign exchange and we're impacted by the investments in the infrastructure investment, the e-commerce and the SAP investments. But we don't yet have the benefit, which we expect to start getting in the back half of the year, of the pricing actions that we've taken to offset the foreign exchange; the cost reductions that we've negotiated with our manufacturing and sourcing partners, which flow more directly into the back half of the year; the beginning of the restructuring savings, which we expect to flow more in the back half of the year; as well as the benefit of new store openings, which we expect to be more pronounced in the back half of the year. We also expect the foreign exchange impact to be smaller in the fourth quarter. And so I think the second quarter is still bearing the brunt of all of the foreign exchange and the infrastructure investments without the benefit of the actions that we've taken to offset that, which we expect to flow more into Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Swinand with Morningstar.
Paul Swinand - Morningstar Research: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask, some of our investors have said with all this restructuring, is there any chance that there could be damage to the brand in the long run and is there any way you can give us some color or assurance that  I mean I think it could actually be positive for the brand, but could you explain that, maybe?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. I think we believe that this is going to be very positive for the brands as we move into the new structure, because effectively what we're doing is we're going to be focused in creating organizations that are single-mindedly focused by brand at driving the brand equity and brand consistency around the world. So one of the reasons that we've moved into this model was that, as we looked at our previous operating model, as we started to take back licenses from the different geographies and license partners around the world, what we found was that we had different merchandise assortments around the world in like locations. We had a fragmented set of marketing campaigns because of that disparate assortments around the world. And we think, by moving to this global brand structure with the global line planning process, we're going to be able to drive a more consistent look and feel of the brand, more consistent marketing campaigns. And that's going to drive an improvement in brand equity, which we think will allow us to showcase more clearly the design vision of the brand in all of the locations that consumers interact with our products around the world.
Operator: Thank you. The next question's from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. So from a margin perspective, the retail operating margins have been negative, say, the past six quarters straight. As we move forward, and if you try to parse out foreign exchange, I guess I'm trying to dig in, what kind of retail comp do you think you need to see the fixed cost deleverage either stabilize or actually turn to leverage in the model? And then separately, excluding the Easter receipt shift, would operating margins at wholesale have actually been up this quarter?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: So let me take the second piece first. So the Easter shift accounted for about $50 million or so of revenue shift between Q4 and Q1. So if you looked at the wholesale business between Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year, if you put those two together, the wholesale business globally would have been up 2% in constant currency. And if you look at the wholesale business just in Q1 without the Easter shift, the wholesale business would have been up marginally even in the first quarter on a standalone basis without that Easter shift impact. The Easter shift really accounted for all of the margin compression, effectively, in the wholesale business. So we don't think that there is an underlying trend issue with regard to margin compression in wholesale that we're seeing. If you look back to the first part of your question, which is around the retail comp trend, I think the margin compression that we're seeing this year is really a function of foreign exchange more than a function of retail comps. And so I don't think we've got an issue that we're relying on significant retail comp growth in order to drive operating leverage going forward. I think we believe we can drive operating leverage going forward even in a environment of relatively muted retail comp growth. That being said, we're shooting to try to improve our retail comp figures going forward and we think that the global brand structure is going to play a key role in that process.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I've got two questions. The first, the press release mentioned in the last 90 days the company established six global brand groups and filled a lot of roles. What's the next step? Can you set up a roadmap for us for what to look for over the next 90 days? And then the other question is on Polo Women's. Polo shirts, khakis, underwear are such staples in the Polo Men's business. Can those categories also be staples in women's Polo? And if not, what's really going to drive Polo Women's from a product perspective?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. So I'll take the brand part of the question. So over the next 90 days, what we're expecting with the global brand groups is to get the balance of the teams formed. We've made good progress. As I mentioned, we've filled all the president roles. We've made good progress on many of the key leadership positions in those, but we still have work to do to finalize the entirety of those brand structures. We also are beginning a strategy process in each of the global brand groups to look at what the global strategy is for that and we expect to make progress on that in the next 90 days. We won't be complete on that, but we're going to make significant process. The other key piece, which I spoke about in the prepared remarks, is the global line planning process, which we expect to have kicked off, at least initiated, in almost all of the brand groups over the course of the next 90 days. We're starting with men's Polo for the fall 2016 season. We kicked off that pilot in May. And so that group got a head start, which we have learned a significant amount from, and I think we're very encouraged by what we're seeing from that line planning process approach. And I think we'll begin to kick off in many of the other brands for the spring 2017 season and those kick-offs of that process will happen in the next 90 days.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: On the women's Polo business, you're absolutely right, but what's so interesting about the women's business is that we're finding key core categories in Polo Women's that are as meaningful as those categories in Polo Men's. Starting off with items like our cable cashmere sweater, in the spring season we do a cotton version, those categories have performed extremely well. We have a great Polo shirt business that is consistent and strong in women's. We do, similar to men's, an expanded woven shirt business that we are really known for and that crisp shirt, whether it is the white shirt or multiple stripes and checks and so forth, also are as valuable in women's to us as they are in men's. And then, of course, we have key bottoms, if not the chino pant. But for us, the DNA is around our jogger (49:59), which continues to perform extremely well, as well as well as our cargo pant, another key thing that we are known for that have been extremely important and powerful as key bottoms statement. So while the women's business is driven certainly by fashion, we're able to augment that with these key strategies. Our signature blazer also is part of that core strategy. So in women's, it's more of a balance, but we have multiple staples that travel through our Polo Women's business that are important to us.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Okay. Thank you very much for dialing in today. I think we're very pleased with the start that we've had to the fiscal year in the first quarter. We're maintaining our outlook for the year and we're excited about the progress that we're making on the global brand management reorganization. As always, Evren, Bob and myself will be available for follow-up calls, and Jacki as needed. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-05-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Evren D. Kopelman - Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations, Ralph Lauren Corp. Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Katharine McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Lindsay B. Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co. Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc. Barbara Wyckoff Siris - CLSA Americas LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Evren Kopelman. Please go ahead.
Evren D. Kopelman - Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations, Ralph Lauren Corp.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2015 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes an overview of the year and an update on our broader strategic initiatives from Jacki Nemerov, our President and COO; followed by operational and financial perspective on the fourth quarter and our expectations for fiscal 2016 from Chris Peterson, our President of Global Brands. After the company's prepared remarks we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risk and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2015 has been a year of solid accomplishments despite a challenging operating environment and substantial foreign-currency headwinds in the back half of the year. I'm pleased to report that our fourth quarter results exceeded our expectations, driven by strong demand in North America wholesale and global e-commerce. While we continue to experience the negative impact of a strengthening U.S. dollar and lower tourist traffic, our product across core and emerging categories was well received and we achieved strong sell-through in most regions. Revenue growth of 7% in constant currency in the fourth quarter was ahead of our guidance. We delivered profits above expectations driven by better top line performance and the attention to disciplined operational and expense management by our teams. Now let me turn to some highlights for the quarter. Our North America Wholesale business was the standout performer in the fourth quarter and achieved record sales and profitability. Our three largest and most-developed businesses, men's, women's and children's, were all up which speaks to the appeal of our brand and product. Our design and merchandising teams continue to produce fresh, compelling assortments that resonate with both new and existing customers. In terms of product category highlights, our dress, accessories and footwear offerings and the Denim & Supply brand delivered strong growth in stores and online driven by door expansion and positive consumer response to our unique voice. We grew market share for the full-year in a competitive retail environment which we believe is due not only to our product, but also our steady investment in shop environments and marketing that express the distinction of our brands. Global e-commerce revenues grew in the high teens for the fourth quarter, representing strong momentum for one of our most important areas of strategic focus. Traffic to our website in all regions increased significantly, including a 48% increase in mobile traffic in North America. Additionally, enhanced site search functionality has led to higher conversion. We are on track with the design and architecture of our new e-commerce platform and are confident its capabilities will enable us to achieve our goal of $1 billion in sales in this channel. Another highlight in the quarter was our luxury business where we saw strong performance in our men's and women's lines. We saw higher conversion rates in our retail stores and believe that they are the result of terrific products as well as a sharp focus on store level execution and new approaches to educating our sales associates. This offset some of the challenging traffic trends due to a decline in global travel by the luxury tourist customer. We are also seeing the positive impact of our SKU reduction initiatives, with sales up on a third fewer SKUs in our women's business. Speaking to our luxury product highlights, in the quarter the newest addition to our iconic Ricky handbag portfolio, the Drawstring Ricky is already enjoying nice success. The launch of this new silhouette supported by a strong advertising and marketing campaign garnered a great deal of editorial attention in the fashion press and on social media. And that has translated to an encouraging consumer response. Our new lightweight cashmere scarf collection was introduced in limited palettes and was expanded to offer a spectacular assortment of bright colors for which Ralph Lauren's brand is so well known. We remain committed to the growth of all of our accessory categories and expect to see their higher purchase frequency bring customers into the store and online more frequently. Finally, we made the decision to merge our luxury lines in both men's and women's into a single label, Ralph Lauren Collection for women and Ralph Lauren Purple Label for men. We believe this will clarify our luxury message, driving consistent global brand presentation and marketing synergies. Response to the change from our retail partners and sales associates has been extremely positive and we are optimistic that this will not only drive strong sales performance, but will also reduce expenses by maximizing productivity and creating focused assortments. We expect to transition these businesses for the pre-spring 2016 season. Now I'd like to provide some perspective on sales trends by region. In the Americas, our largest region, revenues grew 8% in constant currency during the fourth quarter. This was led by double-digit growth in our North America Wholesale business and mid-teen growth in our U.S. e-commerce business. Retail sales continued to be impacted by lower tourist traffic due to the stronger U.S. dollar. Our European revenues rose 5% in constant currency during the fourth quarter, led by strong spring wholesale shipments and an increase in reorders. Our men's apparel business saw especially strong demand at wholesale. In our own retail stores, we continued to be impacted by lower tourist traffic, especially those coming from Russia and the Middle East who have been most severely impacted by the volatility in both currency and commodity markets. Generally speaking, we saw the best trends in Northern and Central Europe; while the negative impact of the terrorist attacks has continued to challenge France, and the Middle East is of course affected by lower oil prices and a decline in Russian tourists. In Asia we achieved 1% constant currency revenue growth, with trends varying by country. Korean sales remain challenging for the apparel sector, especially in department stores, which represent the majority of our distribution. Hong Kong store traffic remained pressured and Southeast Asia was soft due to travel concerns. In Greater China, double-digit constant currency revenue growth largely reflects the investment we've made in new distribution. Highlights in the region included strong sell-throughs on spring product and the continued positive response to women's Polo. I'd like to mention the efforts of our global supply chain organization during the quarter. This team has done an outstanding job navigating through the extended West Coast port situation and maintaining business continuity with limited incremental expense. This is a significant achievement given the breadth and scale of our product portfolio and distribution. During this time, the team also supported record wholesale shipment volume in the fourth quarter while continuing to manage expenses. I want to extend my thanks for their extraordinary work. On our last call, I spoke about the next exciting endeavor for our iconic Polo brand, the global launch of Polo Sport. Beginning with the introduction of men's and boy's lines for the fall 2015 season, the product will be available for preorder on ralphlauren.com in June and available in our retail stores and wholesale partners around the world in August. The latter timing coincides with a dedicated advertising campaign featuring distinctive imagery that will position Polo Sport as authentic modern active wear. Across the globe, feedback on this product has been terrific and Polo Sport is seen as the perfect fit with the athletic spirit and sensibility that have always been an important element of the Polo brand. As you know, the active segment of the apparel market is growing at a rapid rate and both we and our wholesale partners believe this is a significant long-term market share opportunity. Finally, I'd like to update you on our progress with the new global brand management structure we first spoke about on our last call. At that time, I spoke briefly about the factors and opportunities that led us to make the decision to shift from a more decentralized regional and channel structure to a centralized global brand management model. Today I want to provide more detail. Over the nearly 48 years since the company began we've grown significantly, with the last dozen years realizing accelerated growth due to the acquisition of the majority of our product licenses and geographic territories. This gave us greater control of our brand, but led to tremendous organizational complexity. Our new operating model and processes will allow us to fully leverage the power of each of our brands to ensure the greatest consistency of expression around the world and drive growth. We have always believed that our brands are our greatest assets and that will now be reflected in the structure of the company. We are not changing who we are, we are changing how we work. And the opportunities associated with this transformation are very exciting. As the first step in the transition to the new operating model, last month we announced changes to our executive leadership, most notably the promotion of Chris Peterson to President of Global Brands. We will continue to share updates on future calls and expect to drive significant operating and cost efficiencies that will help support the strong sales and profit growth we expect over the next five years. Chris will take you through the details of the financial impact of our actions around the reorganization to fiscal 2016 and beyond. I'm very proud of our ability to focus on and invest in the company's long-term growth objectives while managing day-to-day operations to our exacting standards and most recently engage in the discussion and analysis required to set our future structure up for great success. This speaks to the talent and the experience of our senior leaders, the dedication of our teams across every area, our rigorous attention to operational and expense management and of course the desirability of our products and the power of our brands. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by welcoming Bob Madore who is joining us on the call today. Last month we named Bob, Chief Financial Officer of the company, reporting to me. You all have a chance to meet Bob over the next several months, and I know he is looking forward to it. Now I'd like to turn to a brief recap of the quarter. On a constant currency basis revenues increased 7%, better than the mid-single-digit growth rate we guided to in February, driven by strength in the wholesale segment and global e-commerce. Importantly, this growth was achieved on top of a 14% gain in the prior-year period. The negative FX impact to revenue growth was 550 basis points, in line with our expectations. Every geographic region grew in constant currency during the quarter. On a reported basis, net revenues rose 1% to $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter. For the full-year fiscal 2015 period, net revenues grew 4% in constant currency and 2% on a reported basis to $7.6 billion. Gross profit margin of 55.4% in the fourth quarter was 80 basis points below the prior-year period. The decline in gross profit margin was due to unfavorable foreign currency effects and mix shift impacts. Operating margin of 10.1% in the fourth quarter was 190 basis points below the prior-year, attributable to the negative impact of foreign exchange and incremental investments in the company's long-term growth initiatives. Operating margin was better than the outlook we provided in February of 250 basis points to 300 basis points decrease. The outperformance was driven by better-than-expected revenues and disciplined expense management throughout the organization. For the full-year 2015 period, operating margin declined 160 basis points to 13.6% due to investments we made to strengthen the company's infrastructure and global store network expansion initiatives as well as negative foreign exchange impacts. Net income for the fourth quarter was $124 million or $1.41 per diluted share. Excluding foreign currency impacts, earnings per share was $1.69 for the fourth quarter, essentially in line with $1.68 we reported in the prior-year period. For the full-year 2015 net income was $702 million or $7.88 per diluted share. Excluding currency impacts, EPS was $8.19 for fiscal 2015 compared to $8.43 in fiscal 2014. The effective tax rate of 28% in the fourth quarter was lower than expected due to one-time discrete items and compared to an effective tax rate of 30% in the prior year period. Moving onto segment performance, wholesale revenues increased 8% in constant currency during the fourth quarter which was achieved on top of a 24% gain in the prior-year period. On a reported basis, wholesale revenues of $1 billion were 2% above the prior-year period. North America posted double-digit increases and Europe grew mid-single digits in constant currency as we gained market share in both regions. Growth was driven in part by accelerated demand for spring merchandise by our customers as Easter was two weeks earlier than last year and strong reorders in Europe. Wholesale operating margin of 30.7% in the fourth quarter was 60 basis points above the prior year period due to improved profitability of core operations partially offset by foreign exchange impacts. Retail sales rose 6% in constant currency to $841 million and were roughly in line with last year on a reported basis. Growth was driven by the incremental contribution from new stores and high teen's growth for global e-commerce. Comparable store sales were up 1% in constant currency and declined 4% on a reported basis due to foreign exchange impacts. Constant dollar comp trends reflect strong e-commerce performance that was somewhat offset by challenging traffic trends at brick-and-mortar stores especially in markets where currency movements impacted tourist traffic. By region, constant currency comps increased in the Americas and Europe, while Asia was slightly down. Retail operating margin in the fourth quarter was 3.4%, 270 basis points below the prior year period reflecting investments in new store development and lower profitability in core operations. Licensing revenue declined 5% and operating income was down 6% in the fourth quarter primarily due to negative foreign currency effects and the anniversary of the launch of Polo Red fragrance in the prior-year period. Consolidated inventory was $1 billion at the end of the fiscal year, up 2% year-over-year, reflecting investments to support anticipated sales growth and new store openings. We spent $391 million on capital expenditures during the year, mostly to support new retail stores and infrastructure projects. Company repurchased 3.2 million shares of its common stock during fiscal 2015 at a cost of $500 million and returned an additional $158 million to shareholders via dividend payments. In total, the company returned approximately $658 million to shareholders during the year which represents an almost 6% effective yield. Yesterday the company's board of directors authorized an additional $500 million stock repurchase program. This amount is in addition to the $80 million available at the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 as part of a previously-authorized stock repurchase program bringing the company's total current authorization to $580 million. We ended the year with approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet. Overall, we are pleased with the better-than-expected fourth quarter results. Disciplined planning and day-to-day execution enabled us to offset meaningful foreign exchange and environmental headwinds. Now I'd like to turn to fiscal 2016. We expect fiscal 2016 to be a year of significant transformation for the company. We will move to the new brand management organization structure, make important infrastructure investments, continue retail store development and take decisive action to mitigate foreign-currency pressures. Let me take these each in turn. As Jacki spoke about, we have made meaningful progress on our transition to the new global brand management organization structure. The most important aspect of this new operating model is that it brings disparate functions of design, merchandising, planning, creative and marketing, to form dedicated brand groups. We are creating six global brand groups, each run by a brand president. These brand groups will define global design, merchandising and marketing strategies and be accountable for the global financial performance of the business. Brand and business strategies will be developed in concert with the leaders of the regions and channels who understand the critical dynamics and nuances of these specialized areas. These brand groups will also rely on the strong knowledge and capabilities of our shared services teams. The new model processes and single view visibility to each brand will allow us to be more nimble and responsive to the marketplace and operate as a truly global business. This will enable us to maximize growth and achieve meaningful operating and financial efficiencies. For example, the new structure and processes will enable a significant reduction in SKUs, which will lead to better inventory turns, better gross margins and SG&A cost savings. From a timing standpoint, it will take several months to transition to the new operating model. Overall we are on track to achieve over $100 million of annual expense savings from this initiative. Only a modest amount of this will be realized in fiscal 2016 with more significant savings to come in fiscal 2017 and beyond. We expect to incur restructuring and other one-time related charges of approximately $70 million to $100 million as a result of this reorganization. From a timing perspective, we expect these charges to be heavily weighted in the first half of the year. This charge encompasses two elements. First is the cost of separation associated with employee head count reduction. We expect to reduce our full-time workforce by approximately 5%. The second element is the cost of store and shop repositioning related to providing more clarity across our different brand presentations, including the merging of our luxury labels. We are very excited about the move to the new structure as we believe it will create a platform for profitable growth, by allowing us to both improve our global brand equities and drive operating efficiency over time. Moving to store development, we plan to open approximately 40 to 50 directly operated stores in fiscal 2016 on a global basis. We expect that our new store investments will be neutral to year-on-year margins in fiscal 2016 as our accelerated store opening pace is now in our base. On infrastructure investments our e-commerce re-platform initiative will begin to ramp-up in fiscal 2016. This is a multi-year initiative to significantly improve the company's omni-channel capabilities and the online customer shopping experience. Our SAP implementation is substantially complete in North America and we began SAP implementation for Europe this year. We expect our infrastructure investments to create a year-on-year drag of approximately 60 basis points on operating margin in fiscal 2016, largely driven by the e-commerce re-platforming initiative. Moving to foreign exchange, we have taken decisive actions to mitigate the negative currency impacts. First we are raising prices in certain markets that have been impacted by currency devaluation, including Japan, Canada, Australia and Europe. These pricing actions are generally in the mid-to-high single-digit range and will be effective in the back half of the fiscal year. Second, our supply chain organization has negotiated lower cost across our manufacturing base as a result of lower raw material and oil prices as well as the strength of the U.S. dollar. These lower costs will also become effective in the back half of the fiscal year. Finally we will reduce operating cost by restructuring the organization. With that as a backdrop, I'd like to review our detailed outlook for fiscal 2016. We continue to expect mid-single-digit constant currency revenue growth for the full year, similar to the view we shared with you in February. The growth will be supported by significant contributions from the strategic initiatives in which we've invested over the last several years. These include new product development, new stores and global e-commerce. Retail segment revenues are expected to grow faster than wholesale due to new store development and continued momentum in e-commerce. Based on current exchange rates foreign currency will have about a 450 basis point negative impact on fiscal 2016 revenue growth. Moving on to operating income. On a constant currency basis, we expect an improvement in operating margin from continuing operations in fiscal 2016, which we intend to reinvest in our infrastructure build-out, primarily the new global e-commerce re-platforming and ongoing SAP implementation. On a reported basis we expect our full-year fiscal 2016 operating margin to be approximately 180 basis points to 230 basis points below fiscal 2015's level due entirely to unfavorable currency impacts. This guidance excludes restructuring and other one-time related charges associated with our global brand reorganization. We continue to expect the negative impact of FX on operating income to approximate $185 million, similar to what we projected in February, based on current exchange rates. In terms of the sensitivity of our operating income to movements in exchange rates a change of about a nickel in the euro to U.S. dollar rate would impact our operating income by approximately $20 million on a full-year basis. Our fiscal 2016 tax rate is expected to be 30%. We are planning approximately $400 million to $500 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2016 to support our global direct-to-consumer and infrastructure investments. For the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we expect net revenues to be flat in constant currency as retail segment growth is offset by a decline in wholesale revenue, which is impacted by our customers receipt plans due to an earlier Easter this year. We estimate the negative currency impact on sales growth in the first quarter to be 600 basis points. Our operating margin for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 600 basis points to 650 basis points below the prior-year period due to negative foreign currency effects, the quarterly revenue growth profile and timing of expense savings initiatives. The first quarter tax rate is estimated at 30%. We are very excited about the company's potential for future growth. We are organizing the company to drive the power of brands, investing in key infrastructure projects and making strategic decisions to minimize the impact of near-term market realities and maximize shareholder returns over time. With that, we'll open the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: Our first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for all the color and the information. I wanted to ask more about a lot of the reorganization activities both Chris and Jacki touched upon, especially in light of the simplification of the luxury brand segment. Can you talk more about the six different brand groups? What are the brand groups? Does it also include a simplification from the many different sub brands that have existed within the overall Ralph Lauren halo? Are the systems now in place to support these new organizational structures? What's the timeframe that we think this will kind of be executed? And then I guess lastly, within that, as we think about all the changes going on at the company this year, I think you said a year of transformation, Chris, how do we get comfortable with the kind of underlying organic revenue growth rate you have planned for mid-single digits this year, especially since comps have been a little bit sluggish in North America. Thank you.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah, so let's start on the reorganization. So I think we provided a little bit more color. The six brand groups that we're talking about are, one that's going to be focused on our luxury business which will include the Ralph Lauren brand and the RRL brand which Valrie Hermann will lead as the brand President. We will have a brand group focused on Polo, we'll have a brand group focused on Denim & Supply. We'll have a brand group focused on Lauren, Chaps and American Living as a group. We will have a brand group that's focused on the Ralph Lauren Home business and finally, Club Monaco will be the sixth brand group, and that's how we're organizing the brand groups. Each of the brand groups will have a brand President and a dedicated leadership team to run the business. We believe that this is going to lead to simplification over time of many of the sub brands in terms of how we go to market from a consumer standpoint because we think that what this is going to allow us to do is focus our resources and our consumer communication more at the master brand level than at the sub brands. The only sub brand that we have announced that we're merging at this point is on the luxury side of the business with the Black Label and Purple Label and Women's Collection and Black Label business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Well, before we go to the next question, there were a couple of parts of Omar's question. From a systems perspective, let me provide a little bit more color on that as well. I think we feel very good about where we are from a systems standpoint, although there's still more work to do. The SAP implementation that we've done is now complete with regard to our global manufacturing and supply chain system and complete in the North America order-to-cash for wholesale. And what that has allowed us to do is have global visibility to our style count, our SKU count, and it's allowed us to get to a point where we now have global financial data by brand, which we've just been able to implement, which of course is one of the key enablers to moving to the global brand structure. So I think there's more work to do as we move into the new model, but I feel good about where we are and where we're headed from a systems standpoint. And finally, from a transition timing standpoint, I think we expect to form the brand groups over the next month or two, but of course as we form the new brand groups it will take them some time to come up to speed and then the first seasons that they will begin to impact, because of our development cycle, will be probably 12 months to 18 months from now.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move on to Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning. First off, congrats to Bob and good to have you on the call. And then, Chris, thanks for all the detail on the investment buckets. First off, I guess the first question would be, can you just help me clarify the guidance a little bit. It looks like the revenue impact from FX improved by 100 basis points but the implied operating margin dollars you talked about stayed the same. I think that leaves the underlying operating margin a little lower than what you mentioned in February, and the Swiss dollar got a little better, I think. So maybe you could just tell us about what changed from the February update? And then a little bit longer term on fiscal 2017 margins is a big focus for the stock recently. As we talked, you seemed confident that fiscal 2017 would be the year when the investment buckets that we've talked about with you for a while now would start to lift off, and as you add in the organizational changes that you talked about today and sharpen your strategy around that, are you comfortable at this point talking to us about how you see the long-term margin trajectory beyond the guidance you gave us for 2016 at this point?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. So let me try to take those each in turn. So the first question on the update on the FX impact to fiscal 2016, I think when we gave our guidance in February, it was before we had finalized our budgets and we had given an estimate in terms of the foreign exchange impact to the top line and the bottom line. As we finalized our budgets we also updated our exposure model. And so the change in the expected revenue impact from 550 basis points on the top line to 450 basis points was really due to a sharpening of our exposure model. As we looked at the bottom line impact, the bottom line impact was in line with what we thought at the last time. So I think it was more a function of finalizing the budgets and updating the exposure model with regard to the change in the  the slight change in the FX guidance for fiscal 2016. On the second question, in terms of what does it mean for fiscal 2017, I think that there's going to be a couple of different things happening in fiscal 2017 and it's premature for us to give guidance that far out. But obviously we would expect to see a full year impact of the pricing action that we're taking, which would be a positive. We would expect to see a full year impact of the cost reductions that we're taking, which would be a positive, and we would expect to see a ramp-up of the restructuring savings, which would be a positive. And so all of those would lead to a better operating margin outlook in 2017. On the negative side, we have hedged our FX exposure. And so as those hedges roll off, we will have a year-on-year hedge FX hurt continuing into fiscal 2017 from the portion of the business that was hedged in fiscal 2016. Premature to talk about how those net against each other, but I think those are the underlying trends. And I think to your question about sort of the infrastructure investments being at the highest level, I do expect that fiscal 2016 will likely be the highest level of investment on the infrastructure investments in total.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Katharine McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning. My question, Chris, is around higher prices where you had mentioned that you're raising prices. They sound fairly aggressive in the mid-to-high single-digit range. What's giving you the confidence of the pass through of these prices? And are you increasing the price of products across the board on all your products in the countries you called out or is it more selective?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yeah. So I think a couple of things, we are increasing prices across the board on all of the products in the countries I called out, but the percentage increase will be different by product. So we're obviously looking at the pricing to hit key price points and so forth. But the numbers I gave you were sort of averages across the line in terms of the pricing actions that we're taking. Too soon to tell how those pricing actions are going to play out, because obviously it's going to depend on how competitors respond as well in these markets, but our view is that with the significant impact of foreign currency in these markets, all of the competitors that source products from similar countries should be seeing a similar transactional impact. And what we're trying to do is price per transactional foreign exchange, but not for translational foreign exchange and that's how we came to the price increases that we're looking at here.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay B. Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to get maybe some further detail on your U.S. Wholesale business which, as you called out was up double digits in the quarter. As I look back and I know that we don't get all of the details, but it seemed like in Q1 through Q3 of fiscal 2014, your U.S. wholesale sales may have been flat or down a little, and then fourth quarter is obviously very strong and we're looking for a deceleration in the first quarter of 2015. Can you help us understand what the underlying sort of sell through trend has been for U.S. wholesale and how much of the fourth quarter benefit was a function of shipping timing versus maybe an acceleration in kind of run rate? Thanks.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. Yeah, I think the way to think about this is that the seasons that we operate in don't match up with our fiscal quarter reporting periods. And because of that, sometimes our seasonal flow of inventory from a shipment standpoint isn't really indicative of the underlying trend. I think we felt like, for the entire fiscal year, when you look at the fall season and the Cruise/Holiday season and into the spring season, that we had plans that were growing market share in the U.S. Wholesale business pretty consistently, and sometimes that growth in market share which has us growing a couple of points faster than the U.S. wholesale industry doesn't necessarily show up in terms of the shipment pattern because of the way the customer receipt plans fall within our fiscal quarters. So our underlying view of the business continues to be very positive in terms of the market share gains that we've experienced in that channel.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Just to add to Chris's comments, we track our market share very carefully in all of our distribution and we continue to increase market share. As Chris spoke to, we also look very carefully at how we're tracking against every key competitor, every key department store, and as I said, we are very pleased with our results. All of our core businesses have been quite strong, and we saw a nice acceleration within the spring season. Many of the products that are smaller parts of our company have started to gain nice acceleration. Our footwear business, our accessory business, our Denim & Supply business, the dress business has been very strong and, of course, our core businesses continue as the backbone. So we're seeing door growth, we're seeing great sales growth, and we see that strengthening. As I said, we're also very optimistic about our Polo women's business which was new to us starting with last fall, and we're seeing door growth there as well. And then of course we're about to launch our new Polo Sport business where there's tremendous enthusiasm about that opportunity because that really puts us solidly into a new area of opportunity, and we believe that with the credibility that we have in the athletic area with our relationship with the U.S. Open, the Olympics, Wimbledon, et cetera, USGA, that we have a tremendous amount of credibility with the consumer that we've really never tapped into. So this really gives us the opportunity to put our great foot forward in a new area of opportunity for the company, and of course we're a couple of months away from that launch, which we're excited about.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Roland Buss - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes, could you talk a little bit about responsibilities under the new management structure? Who's responsible for the supply chain and the back office systems under the new architecture?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. So the supply chain and the back office will continue to be operated as they are today by our shared service group. So we have a shared service group today that handles global manufacturing and supply chain, that handles finance, that handles HR, that handles real estate, that handles operational capabilities, and that will continue because we believe that those groups are better leveraged across the entire enterprise and we don't intend to disrupt that. What we're talking about in the new structure is really organizing a lot of the front-end parts of the organization, as we talked about, with design and merchandising and planning and creative and marketing into dedicated brand groups so that we have a single global face to the consumer on a by-brand basis.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Just going back to North America and maybe focusing on the Retail business as well, it sounded like the comps  I think you said the Americas comp increased in constant currency, which I think was better than last quarter. So maybe you could talk a little bit about what changed this quarter and also how we can think about the overall North American business combined on a go-forward basis?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yes, we saw strong growth in the U.S. business during the quarter, and I think it was a function of several things. I think we talked about the Wholesale business having very strong shipment growth. If you looked at the Retail business, though, the Retail business on a constant currency basis also improved, and I think that the outlet channel in the U.S. comp improved versus what we were seeing previously, and that was both a function of traffic trends getting a little bit better than what we saw in the third quarter as well as improvement in conversion rate that we drove during the quarter in the outlet channel. We also saw continued very strong comp store growth in our e-commerce business, that was in the high-double digits. The one channel that was under a little bit of pressure during the quarter was the full-price retail stores, and that was really a function of the slowdown in international tourist traffic, as we talked about, primarily the Russian, Middle East and Brazilian consumers which were impacted. But overall an improvement in comp store sales trends in the Americas as well as in the wholesale shipment business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff Siris - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi, everybody. Can you talk about how long SAP in Europe will take to be fully implemented? And then can we assume that Asia and the rest of the world will be an FY 2017 event? And then on the $100 million in savings, FY 2016 versus FY 2017, you talked about most of it being in 2017. Can we assume that 25% to 30% will be in the second half of 2016 and the rest in FY 2017, or is there another ratio we should be thinking about?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. So on the savings piece, I think 25% to 30% being in fiscal 2016 is probably a reasonable estimate, and obviously a much more significant portion being in fiscal 2017. So I think that's a reasonable estimate. On SAP in Europe, we're starting the program, or we've started the program a few months ago. We expect to complete the SAP implementation over the next 12 months to 18 months in Europe, and it's going to be in two phases. I think we're doing the HR implementation first and then we'll do in the second phase the financials and the order-to-cash part of the process in the Wholesale business there. We don't intend to start the Asia SAP look until after we complete Europe, and so we don't have yet a timeline for when Asia will happen, but certainly we would intend for it to be after the European implementation. It may not be in fiscal 2017. It could be in 2018 or 2019. Too soon for us to have that in our planning horizon at this point.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thank you. Good morning. Could you speak a little bit more about what you're seeing broadly in Europe, both in the fourth quarter and then how you're planning that in fiscal 2016? I recognize there's a lot of flux in global tourism, but would love any kind of color about local demand versus tourist demand in that region?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Yes, so we were encouraged by what we saw in the fourth quarter. We continue to drive mid-single digit constant currency revenue growth trends, both in the Wholesale business and in the Retail business during the quarter. I think we continue to see the trends being the strongest in Northern Europe, both the U.K. and Scandinavia. We see Southern Europe importantly stabilizing and beginning to get back to a period where we think we can grow from, and I think Central Europe, France and others, have been a little bit more under pressure. The biggest impact in Europe that we've seen is the traffic drop from the Russian and Middle Eastern tourists. And really the Russian tourist has dropped off more precipitously than the Middle Eastern tourist during that period, but we continue to see strong influx of Chinese tourist into the region, and so that's what we're seeing. I think given our penetration in Europe, we continue to believe that Europe will be a growth market for us for some time to come.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Good morning.
Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Can you talk about as you went through the budget process this past quarter, what might have changed and how that could have influenced or impacted the EBIT margin guidance one way or the other? And then just my second question is on with the new operating structure, you mentioned it'll help clarify the brand presentation. Can you give an example of how maybe that brand presentation is clear as you would like it to be, and how that might change and how that could impact how the consumer views the brand and how that might impact their willingness to buy the product?
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Okay. So as we finalize the budget process, I think our view is that the FX impact came in virtually pretty close to in line with what we thought when we had done the initial estimates in February. So our view on the fiscal year guidance is that it really is not much changed from what we thought we were going to see in February. We're seeing the same constant currency revenue growth and we're seeing the same underlying operating margin trend from the continuing operations, the same investment in the infrastructure and the same operating income impact from foreign exchange. So we viewed it as pretty close to what we thought in February as the budget process finalized. So there isn't anything really to call out there of significance in terms of difference. On the...
Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director: And on the product presentation, the brand presentation around the world, what we're really looking at and what we're really focused on is by narrowing our SKU presentation that we offer through every channel and region, what we'll be able to do is through that narrowing and through that focus be able to represent the brand in the same way around the world. Today, because of the SKU proliferation and the style proliferation that we have, what happens is we actually have less than 10% of common styles that are represented in our presentations around the world. And what we want to do is have that closer to 60% to 70%, so that the customer which has a worldview today between how they are traveling and where they are shopping and the online experience, we want that to be the same experience. And so that's what we're really focused on, and we believe that that will allow us to not only present our product in a clearer way but also be able to represent it in marketing in a much clearer way and in a much more focused presentation. And so that's really what we feel the great benefit will be in terms of that brand presentation.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I was just hoping you could give us an update on your accessories business, how it's doing. Do you continue to expect this business to grow at a faster rate than the balance and maybe some of the initiatives you have in this category? Thank you.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: Sure. So accessories remains an area that we expect to grow faster than the balance of the business. We've been growing accessories consistently faster than the balance of the business and it has been increasing as the penetration of the total company's revenue. I think there's a number of things that we're trying to do in the accessories space to try to drive that. Notably during the past few months we launched the Drawstring bag, as Jacki talked about, under the Ricky franchise in the luxury part of the accessories business which is off to a very strong start. I think the other thing that we've been working on is developing and launching as part of the women's Polo business a more significant accessories offering under the women's Polo line, which we're very excited about and is coming in the not-too-distant future. And then I think we continue to be encouraged by the strong results we've seen in the Lauren accessories business. And so I think we've got a multi-tiered strategy to go after the accessories business that I think we're confident will allow us to grow that business at an accelerated pace for the foreseeable future.
Christopher H. Peterson - President-Global Brands: All right. Well, thank you very much for joining us on the call today. I think we're excited about the direction that we're headed. It is going to be a year of transformation for us, and we look forward to talking more with each of you about it over the next few months. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley  Director, Investor Relations Jacki Nemerov  President, Chief Operating Officer, Director Chris Peterson  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad  Evercore ISI Michael Binetti  UBS David Glick  Buckingham Research Group Kate McShane  Citigroup Lindsay Drucker Mann  Goldman Sachs Christian Buss  Credit Suisse Evren Kopelman  Wells Fargo Joan Payson  Barclays Barbara Wyckoff  CLSA Erinn Murphy  Piper Jaffray
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead.
James Hurley: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Ralph Laurens Third Quarter Fiscal 2015 Conference Call. The agenda for this mornings call includes Jacki Nemerov, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will provide an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiative. Chris Peterson, our Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial perspective on the third quarter, in addition to reviewing our outlook for the balance of the year. After the companys prepared remarks, we will open the call up to your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now, I turn the call over to Jacki.
Jacki Nemerov: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter results we are reporting today demonstrate the disciplined operational management of our teams through a competitive holiday season and against the backdrop of an unusually volatile macro environment. The 3% constant currency revenue we achieved in the quarter was below our expectation, largely due to external forces. As the U.S. dollar continue to strengthen against several major currencies and geopolitical tensions remained elevated. There was a sustained negative impact on global tourism, and in certain instances, local customer demand. The U.S. market size was more competitive with greater promotional activity across all distribution channels. We gain share early in the holiday shopping period, which positioned us well as the environment became more competitive in the three weeks before Christmas. Im proud to report that we navigated these challenges in a brand appropriate way, controlling the controllable and delivering operating profitability at the high end of our outlook. We aggressively managed expenses even as we continue to invest in our long-term strategic growth initiatives. As both a company and the brand Ralph Lauren is always taken a long view and this quarter was no exception. Now let me turn to product highlights of the fall holiday season, and begin with our luxury brands. Both mens Purple Label and Womens Collection performed well in the quarter by challenging traffic trends in our retail stores. Not only to these lines represent the purest expression of Ralphs design vision, but they exemplify the quality craftsmanship and attention to detail that the true luxury customer appreciates. Sportswear and outerwear were particularly strong categories where our distinctive aesthetic proved especially compelling. As you know, we recently launched Polo for women, the high awareness and broad appeal of the Polo brand has translated well to the womens offering and customers around the world are embracing it. Momentum is growing with each new delivery as the distinct fashion sensibility of the brand continues to resonate with the younger customer across retail and wholesale channels. The distinctive lifestyle positioning and retail presentation of our Denim & Supply brand has created real differentiation in the marketplace. Its appeal among millennials had led to a strong performance of both the foundational Denim component of the line as well as the more directional fashion elements. From a category perspective, dresses continued to be a standout performer across all of our distribution channels and weve expanded the assortment to fully represent day cocktail and formal occasion needs. Handbags and footwear also experienced strong growth in the quarter with terrific consumer response to both iconic silhouettes and new styles. Finally, the distinctive point of view and emphasis on fashion drove strong growth for our Club Monaco brand across womens apparel, mens apparel and footwear. Id like to provide some perspective on sales trends by region since there were some very interesting differences during the quarter. Importantly, we achieved constant currency revenue growth in each of the three major operating regions of the Americas, Europe and Asia. This is despite lower sales to important tourist customers especially those from Russia and the Middle East, who have been most impacted by the volatility in currency and commodity market. International performance was especially strong, growing double-digits in current currency with greater China and Europe registering the strongest gains. This is encouraging not only in the contest to difficult geopolitical and macroeconomic condition. But also because growing our international revenue is one of our most important strategic objective and in the year-to-date period, international revenues represented one-third of our total revenues. Our European revenues rose double-digits in constant currency during the third quarter, led by strong spring wholesale shipments and reflecting broad-based momentum throughout the region. Generally speaking, we continued to see the best trends in Northern Europe recovery in the southern part of the continent and more steady expansion in central Europe. We achieved high single-digit constant currency growth in Asia, led by our free standing store network, with trends varying by country. Sales in Japan were quite good and continued the momentum we had last quarter. Korean sales remained challenging for the apparel sector, especially in the department stores, which represent the majority of our distribution. Double-digit constant currency revenue growth in greater China largely reflects the investment we have made a new distribution. While Hong Kong was disrupted by prolonged political protests, we are encouraged by the performance of our recently opened Lee Gardens flagship. This is an important market for luxury brands and we believe the store appropriately positions the Ralph Lauren brand to this customer. We achieved modest growth in the Americas were lower customer traffic to brick-and-mortar stores was a formidable headwind. A planned shift in seasonal customer receipt plans for certain merchandise categories impacted our wholesale shipments during the quarter. Our North American e-commerce business grew at a double-digit rate in the third quarter and both our retail and wholesale channels. To expand on e-commerce, since thats another important area of strategic focus, our global e-commerce revenues grew 17% in the third quarter, supported by double-digit expansion in each region. Traffic to our e-commerce sites increased significantly, with over 40% growth in mobile traffic alone. We experienced equally strong momentum for our wholesale e-commerce business. We were well prepared for this years kickoff to the holiday season during the Thanksgiving, Black Friday week, which now stands through the increasingly important cyber Monday. The strength of our retail e-commerce was due in part to a number of site enhancements weve made over the last several months. These include more impactful visuals, redesigned product detail pages, enhanced quick-shop capabilities and a more streamline checkout process. We added preorder to capabilities for our womens collection line, which is an important feature for the luxury customer who wants to shop the runway. Weve also develop more robust omni-channel capabilities, leveraging technology to share inventory across our retail format. This enables us to enhance our customer service and maximize sales, while improving the productivity of our inventory. The investments we are making in e-commerce and omni-channel capabilities beautifully showcase the Ralph Lauren lifestyle, while offering the product focus and clear call to action that this customer expects. These efforts will be enhanced even further in the next two to three years with our new e-commerce platform. This investment will ensure that ralphlauren.com is the most robust and expansive expression of the Ralph Lauren brand, and will support what we believe can be a billion dollars in sales. Id also like to highlight the efforts of our global supply chain organization during the quarter. Over the years, our sourcing and logistics teams have navigated through not only the growing scope of our global operations across regions, channels and product categories, but also dynamic changes in input cost and all the while meeting the companys extremely high standards of quality and innovation. The benefits of our decision to design a global supply chain organization were especially apparent during the third quarter as we contended with the West Coast port situation. The end-to-end visibility from product sourcing to customer delivery enabled our team to develop and execute robust contingency plans, minimizing risk, controlling costs, and maintaining business continuity. Im delighted to report that our service levels to customers have been maintained despite the 3 to 10 day extended transit times that the disruption has created for the industry and I want to extend my thanks to this remarkable team for their extraordinary work. The global supply chain teams also made excellent progress on a number of critical strategic initiative design to continuously improve our productivity. Some of the most compelling areas of opportunity have come from improved supply and demand visibility. This is allowed us to better leverage our volume growth and to be more disciplined with respect to managing product minimum, reducing product lead times and consolidating shipments. We believe that they are still more opportunity and this will continue to remain an area of focus. The unexpected challenges we faced in the third quarter followed better than expected sales and profit trends in the first half of the year. We are proud of our progress against the companys long-term growth objectives and with our ability to consistently invest in these areas while still executing day-to-day operations to our exacting standards. We are able to do this as a result of the strategic diversity of our operating model, the power of our brand portfolio, the desirability of our products, and the high level of operational control we have over business. In November, I mentioned the next exciting endeavor for our Polo brand, the global launch of Polo Sport, beginning with the introduction of mens and boys for the fall 15 season. Across the globe, the feedback on this product has been strong and seen as a natural fit with the spirit and sensibility of Polo. As you know, the active segment of the apparel market is growing at a rapid rate and we believe there is a significant long-term market share opportunity for Polo. I also want to mention the most delicious extension of our Polo brand, our new restaurant in New York. The Polo bar officially opened on January 9th and the response has been sensational. From the food to the service to the decor, Ralph has brought something special and unique to the Manhattan dining scene and we are overwhelmed by the enthusiasm people have to experience the brand in this way. Based on the continued uncertainty of the global macroeconomic environment, we are planning the fourth quarter next year cautiously and responsibly. This included a comprehensive look at our operating model. Chris will take you through some of our plans to move to a global brand management structure with new systems and processes to support the stronger sales and profit growth we expect over the next five years. As challenging of the macro environment is, I believe we are operating from a position of strength and that our company is mobilized to manage through it. We have a long-term plan; a clear strategic roadmap to help us realized that plan, the managerial talent to navigate that roadmap and $1.4 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet to support our efforts. The board shares our confidence in both our future growth plans and our financial condition as evidenced by increase in the quarterly dividend payment that was announced today. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. Id like to start with a brief recap of the quarter. Consolidated net revenues rose 1% to $2 billion in the third quarter. Adjusting for FX headwinds, revenues increased 3%, which was achieved on top of a 9% gain on the prior year period, led by the retail segment and driven by our strategic focus on e-commerce and new store development. Every geographic region grew on constant currency during the quarter with the international business up double-digits. Reported revenue actualized below our outlook of 3% to 5% growth, due to negative foreign exchange and weaker than expected trends at our retail stores, which were impacted by a decline in traffic, especially among important tourist customers and a more promotional holiday period in the U.S. Gross profit margin of 57% was a 120 basis points below the prior year period. We anticipated decline in gross profit margin was due to mix impacts, the more promotional U.S. marketplace and unfavorable foreign exchange impacts. Operating margin of 15.5% was 110 basis points below the prior year, entirely attributable to the lower gross profit margin. This was at the high end of the outlook with provided in November, due to strong and proactive expense management throughout the organization and despite incremental investments and new store openings, marketing and infrastructure projects. Net income of $215 million was 9% below the prior year, and net income per diluted share decline 6% to $2.41 million. Moving on to segment performance, wholesale revenues increased 2% in constant currency, which was achieved on top of 14% gain in the prior year period. On a reported basis, wholesale revenues of $837 million or in line with the prior year. Growth in European whole shipments was offset by lower shipments in the Americas due to the cadence of seasonal receipt plans and unfavorable foreign exchange. Wholesale operating margin of 24.7% was 120 basis points below the prior year due to product mix impacts. Retail sales rose 5% in constant currency and were up 2% to $1.1 billion on a reported basis. Growth was driven by the incremental contribution from new stores and included double-digit growth for global e-commerce. Comparable store sales were in line with the prior year in constant currency and declined 2% on a reported basis, due to foreign exchange. Constant dollar comp trends reflect strong e-commerce performance and positive growth internationally that was offset by a decline in comps in the Americas, which continue to experience challenging traffic trends at brick-and mortar stores. Retail operating margin was 16.9%, 260 basis points below the prior year period, reflecting the more promotional U.S. marketplace and cost associated with the companys global store and e-commerce development efforts. Licensing revenues increased 6% and operating margin rose 7% in the third quarter, due to higher royalties from increase sales of Ralph Lauren, Polo and Lauren products around the world. Consolidated inventory was $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting investments to support anticipated sales growth for existing operations and new store openings. We spent approximately $124 million on capital expenditures in the third quarter, mostly to support new retail stores and infrastructure projects. Company also repurchased about 550,000 shares of its common stock, utilizing $100 million of its authorization and bringing year-to-date repurchased activity to $350 million. At the end of the quarter $230 million remained available for future buybacks, and we have $1.4 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet. At this point, Id like to review our outlook for the balance of the year and provide some preliminary perspective on fiscal 16. For the fourth quarter, we expect consolidated revenues to increase at a mid-single digit rate in constant currency, which is an acceleration from the third quarter and year-to-date results. Based on current foreign exchange rates, FX is expected to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 550 basis points. Operating margin for the fourth quarters expected to be 250 to 300 basis points below the prior year with relatively equal pressure on gross margin and operating expenses. The decline in operating margin reflects unfavorable foreign exchange impacts, investments and the companys strategic growth objectives and a cautious view of the global environment, which we believe this prudent of this time. Fourth quarter tax rate is expected to be approximately 31% to 32%. For the full year fiscal 15 period revenues are expected to increase about 4% in constant currency and we now anticipate of 200 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange. This compares to our prior outlook of 5% to 7%. The full year fiscal 15 operating margin is now estimated to be 170 to 190 basis points below the prior years level compares to a prior expectation of a 100 to 125 basis points decline. The change in operating margin guidance is driven by the lower sales outlook and foreign exchange. As a remainder, the primary drivers of the year-over-year contraction in operating margin are the incremental investments for making to expand our global store network strengthen the companys infrastructure and increased advertising and marketing. The fiscal 2015 tax rate continues to be estimated at 30%. If we look to the future, we remained committed to investing in the growth initiatives that we believe well provide us with a more robust platform for future sales and profit growth. While we have not yet completed our fiscal 2016 budget, I want to provide some qualitative insight into how we are approaching next fiscal year. The context in which we are operating has changed. In addition to political and economic challenges around the world, we are experiencing significant headwinds from foreign exchange rates. Based on current exchange rates, FX will have about a 550 basis point negative impact on fiscal 16 revenue growth. The combination of translational and transactional currency effects is estimated to reduce our full year operating income by approximately $185 million. This is the most significant currency impact the company has experienced in the fiscal year. To deal with these external realities, we are taking decisive actions to mitigate their impact. First, we intend to raise prices in certain markets that have been impacted by currency devaluation including Japan, Canada and Europe. Second, our supply chain organization is negotiating lower prices across our manufacturing base as a result of lower raw material cost and oil prices as well as the strength of the U.S. dollar. Finally, we intend to reduce operating cost by restructuring the organization something Ill come back to you later. With that as a backdrop, we are currently planning mid-single digit constant currency revenue growth in fiscal 16 supported by significant contributions from the strategic initiatives in which weve invested over the last several years. These include new product development, new store development and global e-commerce. Retail segment revenues are expected to grow faster than wholesale due to expanded square footage in continued momentum in e-commerce. On a constant dollar basis, we expect operating margin from continuing operations to improve from fiscal 2015 level due to gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage. We intend to reinvest that improvement in two main areas, the build out of the new global e-commerce platform and global store development including the renovation of several existing stores. Over the next two years, we expect to re-merchandize several existing locations to our Ralph Lauren or Polo concepts in order to refine brand positioning, streamline assortments and better service the customer. On a reported basis, we expect operating margin to be down due to the foreign exchange impact I mentioned earlier. We will provide more specifics on our fiscal 16 operating margin expectations in May after we completed the budget process. Let me now turn to the operating model change that Jacki referred to few minutes ago. For a number of reasons, we decided that the time was right to transform the way in which our organization is structured, how we design and manage our processes and how we make decisions. This is a significant change to position the company for stronger future performance. About 15 years ago, the company embarked on a long range plan to assume direct control over strategically important regions and merchandise categories. This began with the acquisition of the European business in 2000. Over the next decade, the company acquired more than a dozen previously licensed businesses. These actions allowed us to maximize the sales and profit potential of each of these businesses while elevating the presentation of the brands. The result however was a complex operating model. To address this, we first turned to infrastructure upgrading systems in order to integrate what was a highly fragmented channel and regional structure. Next, we began to globalize several critical corporate functions, such as finance, IT, supply chain and merchandizing. Today, we are taking the next step to simplify our operating model. Over the next several months, we will commence plans to move from a decentralized channel and regional structure to a fully integrated global brand-based organization structure. We have always believed that our brands are greatest assets and a significant competitive advantage. Our strength as a company stems from the vitality and desirability of our brands. In this new structure, we will create global brand groups that will not only define the strategy from the design and merchandising to retail concepts and marketing, but will also have accountability for financial performance around the world. Importantly, we will continue to have regional channel and functional teams, but not only provide critical expertise and insight to the global brand groups, but also operate the business on the day-to-day basis. We believe this will strengthen the connectivity from the design vision to the consumer impression and ensure greater clarity and consistency of brand expression. While each of our brands enjoys high awareness and regard today, we believe this new organization design will further enhance brand equity. We see this next step is a critical milestone to realizing our vision of operating as a truly global business, maximizing our growth potential and realizing significant operating efficiencies. Let me give just one example. Now that we have completed the SAP rollout across design in global manufacturing, we have visibility for the first time into our SKU development, adoption and performance. We now know that last year, we designed 130,000 SKUs across the company with the commonality rate by brand in like locations around the world that is very low. The new structure and processes will enable a significant reduction in SKUs, which will lead to lower inventory levels, better gross margins and SG&A cost savings. Our goal once the new structure is fully implemented is to achieve over $100,000 in annual expense savings. Only a modest amount will be realized in fiscal 16 with more significant savings in fiscal 17 and beyond. We expect to incur restructuring charge as a result of this reorganization and we are currently working through the details of the plan. We will provide more insight in May. We are very excited about the companys growth prospects. We are investing in the business and making the right strategic decisions in order to minimize the impact of near-term market realities and maximize shareholder returns overtime. With that, well open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks, good morning. Chris and Jacki, hoping you could elaborate little more on some of the organizational changes that you discussed this morning. The impetus behind them, maybe some more anecdotal ideas around where you can see benefits accrue over time, as you shift the organizational structure and then where you stand on the HR perspective, I believe in teams and people in place for a kind of brand centric global organization. More color on those would be really helpful. Thanks.
Chris Peterson: Yeah, let me start, I think that a lot of the work that weve done in the company over the last couple of years to globalize the company in terms of our systems, in terms of some of the functions that we move to a global basis, as really enabled us to take the next step. And so we think now is the right time because of a lot of this ground work that weve laid over the past couple of years to really set the stage for the new organization model and we think that this creates a platform for future sales and revenue growth acceleration, because what its going to enable us to do is be more focused on a by brand basis and really integrate the work of design, merchandizing, marketing, retail store concepts around the world. And so if you think about the way were operating today, because of the way weve acquired licenses, were really operating with many different groups around the world that are performing similar activities. And we believe that this new construct will allow us to enhance the brand clarity and consistency around the world, while driving operating efficiencies at the same time. In terms of where we are from an HR standpoint, I think as we alluded to prepared remarks, this is going to require a detailed design work which were in the middle of and we expect to have much more specifics when we come back and talk on the May call on that basis.
James Hurley: Next question? Lora were ready for the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti: Thanks, good morning guys. Chris, I was wondering if you could help us with a little more color on your comments on the operating margin outlook for fiscal 16 when you exclude FX.
Chris Peterson: Yeah. So I guess I would say a couple of things. First, let me just describe the FX impact a little bit and then Ill come back to the underlying. So, I think as we mentioned we expect FX at current rates to have about a negative 550 basis point impact on the top-line. A lot of our cost structure is in U.S. dollars, Swiss francs and Hong Kong dollars, because thats where we have our big standards of operation from an SG&A standpoint from overhead and of course a lot of our manufacturing base is in currencies that have not depreciated as much as the Euro, the Japanese yen, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar. So when we look at the FX impact on the top-line of 5.5%, the flow through of that to the bottom-line is a little bit over 40% in terms of the impact that it has which is what leads to the $185 million headwind because our cost structure is not denominated in local currency. On the underlying basis, back to your question, I think that we expect our operating margin on the underlying basis to be up versus this year and thats because some of the investments that weve been making in terms of our infrastructure, in terms of the retail store development and in terms of the increased marketing and advertising were seeing positive trends from those that are driving growth in operating margin on an underlying basis. The two headwinds that we have next year which we expect to offset the underlying increase in operating margin are the e-commerce platform, which will be a bigger investment next year than this year, but we believe strategically the right thing for us to do as weve talked about in the past and the continuation of our retail store development effort particularly where were looking to re-merchandize many of our stores from the world of Ralph Lauren concept into distinctive Ralph Lauren luxury stores or Polo stores, which we think are clearer to the consumer.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David Glick: Yes, thank you. Just a follow-up question on your Americas business, I was just wondering if you can give us obviously the international business in constant currency was very strong, little bit of noise in North American wholesale. How do you think about in the sort of context of the new world as you describe and how do you think about the underlying growth potential on a near and intermediate long-term basis of your wholesale and retail businesses in U.S. in comparison to what continues to be strong performances in Europe and Asia.
Chris Peterson: I think if you  if we look at the wholesale business, we believe the wholesale business which is largely focused in U.S. and Western Europe as a channel is likely to grow at a sort of a 0% to 2% rate. We believe we have opportunity to grow market share and weve pretty consistently been growing market share in that channel if we look over the last 10 years and so we think we can grow a couple of points faster, which would position us at sort of a low to mid-single digit growth rate in the wholesale business going forward. The retail business we believe we can grow faster both driven by the e-commerce business where we had high teens growth in the current quarter and we think that the e-commerce business is going to continue to grow at an accelerated rate, which is why we are investing behind the e-commerce business and then when you go to the brick and mortar retail business, I think that  we think that the brick and mortar retail business, we had strong performance internationally and a little bit of a slowdown and performance in U.S. that was below our expectations primarily driven by traffic trends. We saw traffic trends in the quarter at the factory outlet channel that were down mid-single digits and thats what really affected us relative to the expectations we had going into the quarter.
Jacki Nemerov: I think also that in the U.S., the third quarters interesting because what we saw was that we continued to take market share in the quarter even across all of our categories on that we blend and represent, that was  I think unique as certainly the backdrop of the quarter was more challenging around.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citigroup.
Kate McShane: Thank you, good morning. Chris, I just wondered if you could walk us through the revenue guidance that you have for the remainder of fiscal year 15, which youre guiding to be up mid-single-digits in constant currency, which is up against your toughest comp and would be the stronger sales growth of the year. What are the drivers of that and what are you basing your confidence on that this can be achieved in Q4?
Chris Peterson: Yeah, so I think as we look at Q4, we think that were planning the business prudently with a mid-single-digit constant dollar comp growth. We have good visibility in our wholesale business from a booking standpoint and we certainly expect the wholesale business in the fourth quarter to grow at a faster rate than what we saw in the third quarter and in the year-to-date period. From a retail standpoint, we are anticipating a bigger impact on retail primarily due to new store openings. So baked into our constant dollar comp guidance is not a big expectation for a constant dollar comp increase. Its more around the acceleration where we see in the wholesale business as well as the full impact of our retail store development activity and of course were continuing to view the e-commerce is operating very successfully, which we have been doing.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Thanks, good morning, Chris. For the fiscal 16 outlook, I just had a question on that, I think it was a $185 million operating profit drag. Number one, is that on a fully unhedged basis and have you hedged any of your inventory that would delay that flow through? Number two, is any of that $185 million occurring in the fourth quarter? Or is that just a fiscal 16 number? And then lastly, how much visibility do you have to lower costs from cotton and energy and other items, offsetting some of that operating profit drag? Thanks.
Chris Peterson: Yeah, okay. So we do hedge our inventory purchases, a portion of our inventory purchases and we typically hedge sort of six to nine months out. So were not hedged for the full fiscal year next year and were not hedged to the 100% rate. We typically hedge at sort of a 70% of our exposure rate. So there is a significant impact from currency in that guidance for next year thats inventory related, but there are also will be an additional flow through in the following year from the portion of inventory next year, where we do have a hedge on, if you think forward to fiscal 17. With regard to the fourth quarter, there certainly is a foreign exchange impact on the bottom-line and on the operating margin in the fourth quarter and in fact its fairly significant. And the reason for that is that when you think about the flow through that I talked about earlier, if the FX drag on the top-line is flowing through next year to a little bit over 40% rate. Were also seeing a similar type of impact in the fourth quarter and with the 550 basis point drag from foreign exchange on the top-line in the fourth quarter, thats creating an operating margin pressure in the fourth quarter, which is a big part of the reason for our guidance change on operating margin, not just for the fourth quarter, but also for the fiscal year  the current fiscal year. And then on comp on raw material and oil cost, we have some visibility to that and so when we saw the drop in commodities and we saw the strength of the dollar and we saw the drop in oil prices. We immediately began working with the global manufacturing and supply chain teams, who have at this point gone over and met with the number of our manufactures in Asia and began the work on getting cost reduction. We dont have full visibility to the cost reduction that were going to get, but we are certainly confident that were going to get some cost reduction as part of this and thats part of the detailed work that we have and finalizing the budget ahead of us over the next couple of months. There is a timing lag in terms of when that flows through because typically the seasons that were negotiating are six months out or so from the time that we began that negotiation process.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss: I was wondering if you could talk a bit about retail performance and what your expectations are going forward for outlets versus full price stores.
Chris Peterson: Yeah, I think on the outlet business, we saw retail comps up in the international outlet business and so were seeing sort of a tale of two different environments. In the international business, the outlet business continue to  we are able to continue to drive comp store sales gains and were not seeing the traffic declines in the international outlet centers that we are in the U.S. and the U.S. I think the traffic declines that were seeing to the center are putting more pressure on that business. Its still a large business and still a very profitable business for us, but we believe that with the growth of the e-commerce business which is become particularly large in the U.S. thats starting to cannibalize a little bit into that channel, also as some of the brick and mortar stores that are closer in to the urban areas have gotten more competitive on pricing its reduced the consumer desire to drive to get to the outlet center. And so were factoring that into our plans as we go forward because we expect that trend, although you can never predict but we certainly think the consumers going to continue to shop more and more on online and as that happens we think thats going to continue to put pressure on brick and mortar.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo.
Evren Kopelman: Thank you. Good morning. Can you give a little bit more color around your comments about the promotional environment in the U.S. maybe more by channel what you saw at department stores versus the outlet channel, where you saw the biggest pressure and what do you expect going forward?
Chris Peterson: Yeah, so I think what we saw was that as we enter  I think Jacki sort of talked about this in the prepared remarks. But as we enter the holiday season, we got off to a pretty strong start over the Thanksgiving period, the week before Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday, and then we saw a little bit of a drop in sort of the consumer purchase behavior and that period between the Thanksgiving  the end of the Thanksgiving shopping period and the first couple of weeks of December. And as a result of that what we saw was that a lot of the competitors ratcheted up the promotional intensity in terms of trying to deal with the inventory that they had on the floor and so reacted to that not to ensure that we stayed competitive during the period and I think thats what we were alluding to in our commentary. And again, that was really a U.S. phenomenon, not so much international.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson: Hi, good morning. Could you talk a little bit about the Polo womens business, how thats performing in retail stores compared to a point of sale at wholesale and also how its doing internationally compared to domestically.
Jacki Nemerov: Yes, the Polo womens business is off to a nice start. As you know, we started that business just this past fall. And were seeing a strong response from that younger customer and on an overall basis we are seeing a nice reaction in the department stores. Were seeing a nice reaction in our retail stores and from an international basis, also a very strong reaction in the international markets in Europe and in Asia. I think that as any new brand is launched, there are opportunities to continue to build and perfect and as we are now receiving next seasons merchandise and so forth, were continuing to see those changes and an improvement consistently in the momentum of the brand. We really believe that its unique and addresses a new audience and so I would say that we are pleased so far with the results, but more to do and more to build and develop.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff: Hi everyone, following on Joans question, talk about, please, the performance of Lauren in U.S. department stores this year versus last year and how do you see it going forward?
Jacki Nemerov: Our overall performance in the Lauren brand all of its categories which are obviously  we have a sportswear business and important dress business, footwear business and accessory business, multiple licensed businesses and the brand has been growing steadily over as you know many years. I think that we see opportunity in certain aspects of the business, certain businesses are on huge acceleration and other businesses have slowed slightly and we continue to work on a daily basis to be able to address that. The dress business is on fire. Lauren represents the number one dress brand in almost every department store. Weve had a phenomenal footwear season with accelerated growth in footwear. Our bag business is also building nicely and we had an excellent season in bags. Our sleepwear business, a lot of  our coat business also was spectacular for the season. So I think that it moves on a category by category basis, but overall strong growth in the brand.
James Hurley: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thank you, good morning. Just on the gross margin side, could you just help us aggregate that 120 basis point decline during the quarter? What was tied to the promotional environment versus FX versus mix shift and then, did you guys have to air freight more to work around the port issue. And then just in context with the gross margins, as we think about your guidance for 2016, you talked about constant currency gross margin being up. Just speak to the drivers there. Thank you.
Chris Peterson: Yeah, so on the quarter on gross margin, really there were three things that impacted the 120 balance sheet. Certainly, currency had a significant impact as we mentioned the promotional U.S. marketplace and then we had a mix impact as well, and part of that was due to the cadence of our wholesale shipments. The cadence of our wholesale shipments in the quarter, we round up shipping more womens product in the third quarter than we did mens product in the third quarter from a growth rate standpoint and the mens business operates at a significantly higher gross margin for us than the womens business. And so we saw a mixed impact that was due to the mens versus womens growth mix. If you look at those three aspects, I would say that the three aspects were relatively equal in nature. There was not one that was overwhelming relative to the other aspects on gross margin during the quarter. We did have to air freight more product during the quarter. We also round up routing a lot of product via all-water routing. So we shipped it around the U.S. and received it in the East Coast ports. And what that did is Jacki eluded to was that allowed us to avoid some of the issues in the West Coast port situation, but it takes more time to ship it to the East Coast. So we then had to accelerate once the product was unloaded in the East Coast, receipt into our Greensboro distribution center and staffing our Greensboro distribution center to turn that inventory around faster. So we did see an impact from the West Coast port strike. But I would say that impact was relatively minor because of the strong management of our supply chain teams. And with regard to next year, on an underlying basis, we do believe gross margins going to be up as we gone through the initial stages of the budget process and I think there is a couple of reasons for that. One, as we expect the retail segment to grow faster than wholesale and of course our retail segment has higher gross margins than wholesale. Two, we expect the accessories business to grow at a faster rate than the balance of the business and that also tends to be a gross margin sweetener. And then third, at least in constant currency, the international business is projected to grow at a faster rate and of course we have higher gross margins in the international business than we do in the U.S. and so when you look at those three elements, I think all of that is driving us to underlying gross margin thats improving in next years forecast versus this year.
James Hurley: Thank you very much for attending and as always, well be available for follow-up calls.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Christopher H. Peterson - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Steven Strycula - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Limited, Research Division Rick B. Patel - Stephens Inc., Research Division Rick L. Snyder - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Jacki Nemerov, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will provide an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiative. Chris Peterson, our Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial perspective on the second quarter, in addition to reviewing our outlook for the balance of the year. After the company's prepared remarks, we will open the call up to your questions, which we ask that you please limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. The better-than-expected second quarter results we are reporting today demonstrate the progress we continue to make on each of our core strategic growth objectives. Revenue growth of 4% included sustained double-digit expansion for our international and our worldwide e-commerce businesses, as well as the successful launch of our newest brand, Polo for women. Diluted EPS of $2.25 was better than we anticipated, largely due to the disciplined operational management of our teams around the world. We are especially proud of these results in light of the challenging global operating environment during the quarter. The U.S. dollar strengthened against several major currencies, and geopolitical tensions escalated in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and parts of Asia. Collectively, these events had a negative impact on global tourism, and in certain instances, have also weighed on local customer demand. The highlight of our second quarter was, of course, the global introduction of Polo for women. This natural complement to our iconic Polo men's lines allows us to present the brand to consumers at retail in an even more powerful way. The launch of Polo for women coincided with the opening of our first Polo flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York City, but the voice and the impact of the brand was felt around the world, and the product message amplified by nearly 400 new Polo women's shops. We kicked off fashion week in New York with a groundbreaking 4D fashion show in Central Park, featuring the Spring 2015 Women's Polo collection. Staged over 3 consecutive nights, the show was a holographic, cinematic runway experience projected onto a 60-foot wall of water that was unlike anything the industry or the consumer has seen before. Thanks to the impact of the event itself and the global reach of RalphLauren.com, the show has achieved nearly 120 million social media impressions and over 2 billion media impressions to date. The high awareness, recognition and appeal of Polo has translated seamlessly to the women's offering, and the response has been terrific. The product is outstanding, the assortment is distinctive, and we believe that Polo for women fills a whitespace in the market around the world. We've spoken in the past about the creation of a global merchandising organization and the consistency of assortment and presentation around the world speaks to this relatively new team's remarkable results. I'd like to recognize the hard work of our design, merchandising, supply chain, retail, visual presentation, advertising, marketing and public relations teams for their extraordinary contributions to this important launch. For those of you who may not have yet had a chance to see the new Fifth Avenue Polo flagship, I encourage you to do so. Our team has done a spectacular job and the store is the perfect stage on which the depth and impact of the Polo brand story comes to life. The store brings brand heritage, lifestyle sensibility and product innovation together in a way that both clearly defines the Polo women's offering and perfectly complements the men's offering. The fits, fabrications and fashion elements of the women's and men's line are resonating strongly with the younger customer our associates see in the store. Speaking to the global appeal of the Polo brand, 40% of the store sales to date have been to foreign customers. In addition to the Fifth Avenue flagship, we have opened 20 stores in the first half of the year, and are on track to achieve our accelerated store development plans across our portfolio. We opened a Polo store in Shaw Centre in Singapore, and this is just the starting point, as we will be expanding Polo thoughtfully over the next few years, with a store in Las Vegas that opened this week, another in Houston set to open for the holiday season and a flagship on Regent Street in London in the first half of 2016. We have also opened a spectacular Ralph Lauren luxury flagship in Hong Kong's Causeway Bay Lee Gardens shopping district. This 20,000 square-foot store showcases our full range of women's and men's apparel, an exceptional presentation of accessories and footwear, a watch and fine jewelry salon, a beautiful collection of decorative accessories and gifts from our home collection, and a special vintage offering. Our expanding retail presence in Asia not only has a positive impact on our business, but also on our brand positioning with this consumer, both in the region and in other markets where they encounter our brand when they travel. Our Club Monaco business continues to grow in major markets as well. During the quarter, we opened 2 Club Monaco stores in London, as well as a recently renovated and expanded location in Boston's Prudential Center, with additional stores opening in Miami and Montral later this year. The company plans to open an additional 20 to 25 stores in total across the portfolio over the next several months. And based on this accelerated store development activity, we expect to achieve a higher level of retail sales growth in the second half of the year. We are also on track with the increased investments in advertising and marketing that were planned for the year, including more digital, print and social media around the world for both Polo and the Ralph Lauren brands. We expect these investments to support accelerated revenue growth in the back half of the year as well. Speaking for a moment to the season that's upon us, I'm pleased to share that our fall merchandise assortments have been well received across product categories and distribution channels around the world. This is evidenced by strong sales boosts at wholesale accounts and improved conversion in our own stores. We have seen momentum with our luxury collections in men's Purple Label, Women's Collection and RRL, as well as strong performance for our Polo, Lauren and Denim & Supply brands. Now I'd speak briefly about our next exciting endeavor, the global launch of Polo Sport. Polo Sport will be the next evolution of authentic modern activewear. As in everything we do, this line will unite the highest standards of quality and construction with our iconic approach to design, resulting in assortments that will take the consumer from field to street with workout essentials and sports apparel that ideally suit today's active lifestyle. The Polo brand has always reflected an active spirit and sensibility, and our company is proud to be associated with some of the world's most admired sporting events and championships in the worlds of tennis, golf, polo and of course, the Olympics. The strong consumer response to these partnerships and products affirms our belief that our brand's credibility and potential in the active space is unique and powerful. The brand's introduction will focus on men's apparel, with our first delivery for fall '15 season. As you know, the active segment of the apparel market is growing at a tremendous rate, and we believe there is a significant long-term market share opportunity for Polo. Our better-than-expected results for the first 6 months of fiscal 2015 demonstrates the strength of our brand and the resilience of our diversified operating model, both of which allow us to make substantial investments in our longer-term growth objectives. As Ralph said in this morning's press release, our sustained focus on growing our international presence, extending our global retail reach and innovating with new products, has always served us well. I do want to mention some of the macroeconomic pressures facing our industry. As you know, growth has slowed for many of the world's largest economies, and we are closely monitoring both the global operating environment and the consumer reaction. We have set the bar high with respect to our sales plans for the year and believe in the strength of our rigorous planning process and our proven ability to carefully navigate through these kinds of challenges. We have confidence in our product and marketing strategies, and the sophistication of our global supply chain and merchandising organization enables us to read and react to changes in market dynamics better than ever before. Our unwavering commitment to the quality of our product, the integrity of our brand and the unique value proposition they provide will be our competitive advantage for the upcoming holiday season. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with a brief recap of the quarter. Consolidated net revenues rose 4% to $2 billion in the second quarter. Growth was led by the retail segment, driven by our direct-to-consumer strategy. Every geographic region grew in the quarter, with the international business up double digits. Adjusting for the incremental headwind from foreign exchange since early August, revenue growth was closer to 5%. Gross profit margin of 56.8% was 20 basis points above the prior year period due to favorable channel and geographic mix. Operating margin of 14.4% was 100 basis points below the prior year, and was significantly better than the outlook we provided in August due to strong and proactive operational management throughout the organization and a shift in the timing of certain expenses into the back half of the year. The operating margin decline was entirely attributable to incremental investments in new store openings, marketing and infrastructure projects. Net income of $201 million was modestly below the prior year. Net income per diluted share rose 1% to $2.25 due to a reduction in diluted share count as the company continues to return capital to shareholders through its share repurchase program. Moving on to segment performance. Wholesale revenues of $943 million were 2% above the prior year, reflecting growth in all geographic regions. Wholesale operating margin of 26.2% was in line with the prior year, as improved profitability for underlying operations was offset by incremental investments in advertising and marketing. Retail sales rose 7% to $1 billion. Growth was driven by the incremental contribution from new stores and included double-digit growth for both the international retail business and global e-commerce operations. Comparable store sales increased 1% during the quarter, supported by strong e-commerce performance and improved conversion at brick-and-mortar stores, which continued to experience challenging traffic trends. Retail operating margin was 13.6%, 80 basis points below the prior year period, reflecting costs associated with the company's global store and e-commerce development efforts, in addition to increased investments in advertising and marketing. Excluding those incremental investments, retail profitability improved from the prior year's level on strong international performance. Licensing revenues and operating income each rose 2% in the second quarter, due to higher royalties from increased sales of Ralph Lauren, Polo and Lauren products. Consolidated inventory was $1.3 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting investments to support anticipated sales growth for existing operations and new store openings. We spent approximately $91 million on capital expenditures in the second quarter, mostly to support new retail stores and infrastructure projects. The company repurchased about 413,000 shares of its common stock, utilizing $70 million of its authorization and bringing year-to-date repurchase activity to $250 million. At the end of the quarter, $330 million remained available for future buybacks and we had $1.2 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet. As we mentioned in August, we recently established the company's first commercial paper program and had $210 million of notes outstanding at the end of the quarter. We believe this is an attractive financing vehicle, since the cost to borrow is currently about 20 to 30 basis points. We are pleased with our second quarter and year-to-date results, both in terms of financial performance and progress on all of our key growth initiatives. We achieved our sales objectives and delivered better-than-expected profitability, despite a challenging operating environment. The team's skill balancing near-term market realities and our commitment to our long-range goals is a defining characteristic of our organization. Now let me turn to the fiscal year. Our fiscal 2015 plan calls for incremental investment in 3 key areas. The first is expanding our global store network, including important flagship projects. The second is strengthening our infrastructure, including implementing SAP and upgrading our e-commerce platform. And the third is increased advertising and marketing to support exciting new initiatives, such as the launch of Women's Polo, the opening of the Ralph Lauren Hong Kong flagship store and other high-profile store openings. Jacki talked about the progress on new stores and marketing initiatives. I would like to spend some time on our infrastructure projects. We've made very good progress and are on track with our plans for the year. Our global design, merchandising and sourcing operations have now fully transitioned to SAP, as has most of the North America wholesale business. We expect to complete the North America wholesale transition over the next several months. Based on the successful results to date, we recently kicked off the project for Europe, which we plan to complete over the next 18 months. We expect the SAP project to lead to both revenue growth and margin improvement opportunities over time as the project is fully implemented. We are also making excellent progress on a multiyear project to upgrade our global e-commerce platform. Today, we work with a single partner who manages the front end of our e-commerce sites. That front end includes our core commerce, content management and order management functionality. We handle the back end, essentially fulfillment, distribution and customer care, ourselves. Over the next 2 to 3 years, we're working toward assuming more direct control of that front end. This will allow us to significantly improve the consumer shopping experience, enable omnichannel capabilities and reduce cost versus our current structure. To do this, we recently completed a vendor evaluation process and have now selected the software providers we'll use for our core commerce, content management and order management functions, as well as a systems integration consultant. We're investing in new talent and capabilities so we can manage application development and systems integration in-house going forward. This will enable us to be far more nimble in responses -- and responsive to changes in technology and consumer behavior, allowing us to deliver a best-in-class customer experience that is uniquely Ralph Lauren. It's an exciting evolution and a critical investment, considering the growing importance of e-commerce worldwide. We expect a strong return on investment for this project and will provide more quantitative perspective once we have completed the fiscal 2016 budget process. Now I'd like to turn to the outlook for fiscal '15. On a constant dollar basis, we are maintaining our outlook for the year. That being said, foreign exchange rates have become a substantial headwind over the last 3 months. As a result, we now expect reported revenue growth of 5% to 7% for fiscal 2015, which reflects about 100 basis point negative impact from FX that is concentrated in the second half of the year. The full year fiscal 2015 operating margin is still estimated to be approximately 75 to 125 basis points below fiscal 2014's level, attributable to accelerated investment in our strategic growth initiatives. Based on current foreign exchange rates, we expect operating margin to be at the mid to low end of that range since our unallocated corporate costs are incurred in U.S. dollars. The full year tax rate is estimated at 30%. For the third quarter of fiscal 2015, we expect consolidated net revenues to increase by 3% to 5%, led by retail segment growth and including a 200 basis point headwind from foreign exchange rates. Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be approximately 100 to 150 basis points below the prior year period, due to higher cost of goods and incremental investments in the company's strategic growth initiatives. The third quarter tax rate is estimated at 30%. Our priorities are clear, and we have both the talent and the financial strength to attain them. The company has a long-standing track record of success in executing its strategies. We are excited about what we expect to achieve over the next several years as we continue to focus our capital and managerial resources on the most compelling long-term opportunities. As Ralph said in this morning's press release, we believe the investments we are making today will create significant value for our shareholders over the long term. At this point, we'd like to open the call up for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a broader question around the broader retail strategy and what's going on in that piece of the business. And if you look back over the last several quarters, it's kind of been trending around a low single digit flattish comp sometimes. But I know you've got a lot of new retail rollout plans, the new Polo store on Fifth Avenue, and you had some pretty significant openings recently. Maybe you can give -- put this in context of how you expect the retail business to unfold over time and perhaps even an update on how some of the new stores in China and on Fifth Avenue and Singapore are doing to date would be helpful.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Thanks, Omar. Let me start with the Fifth Avenue store. So I think the response to the Fifth Avenue Polo store, which has been open about 1.5 months, has really been excellent, with broad-based acceptance of icons and fashion pieces. Interestingly, the Women's Polo business is representing about half of the sales of that store, which we are very encouraged by, because we think that the Women's Polo launch gives us another leg to the stool for the Polo retail strategy, and we're seeing strong response to that product. We're also seeing, as Jacki mentioned, about 40% of the sales go to foreign tourists in that store. And so we're seeing a strong resonance of Polo product with the foreign tourist. And the other interesting point I would say on that is that the #1 tourist shopper now in the United States is the Chinese, which we also think is encouraging, given the size of the Chinese consumer in the global market. We are very underpenetrated in China. And as you know, a lot of our retail strategy focuses on getting a broader penetration in international markets where we're -- that are more whitespace for us. And so we're excited to see the strong product acceptance among the Chinese consumer. More broadly, on the Polo store strategies, I think it's still a little bit early days. We've just launched the Polo Women's line. What we're seeing on the Polo Women's line is that the AUR, or the average unit retail price, on Women's Polo is about 40% lower than Blue Label, which we discontinued. But what we're seeing initially is that the unit velocity is dramatically higher. And so we expect the sales volume for Polo for women to far outpace that of the women's Blue Label line as we go forward. And we're seeing early good signs of that as we go along. We've only got about 5 directly operated Polo stores opened at this point, but we have a significant -- significantly greater number planned over the next 6 to 12 months, and we'll continue to learn as we open those.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.
Steven Strycula - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got a question for Chris regarding SAP. Wanted to see, given your experience in prior SAP implementations, just how you think about this in greater detail over the long term? You spoke to it a little bit in the early part of your call, but could you address maybe how this impacts your gross margins and SG&A efficiency longer term?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think we're through the point where we've implemented SAP, and I think we've done a very good job of not dropping the ball from the implementation of SAP. So the transactional systems, the data conversion rates, the ability of the system to operate at scale, we feel highly confident in at this point. I think the next phase of the journey is beginning to realize some of the financial benefits. One of the things that we're very excited about is the -- what SAP is going to enable in terms of allowing us to operate on a more global basis. So for the first time, now, recently, in the last month or 2, we now have visibility to the number of SKUs that we're creating around the world and the SKU overlap because we now have common style numbers. And we believe we have a significant opportunity through our global merchandising organization to drive greater brand consistency around the world by improving the SKU -- by rationalizing our SKU base as we go forward. If you think about that rationalization of the SKU base, that has significant margin and revenue improvement opportunities for us, because what it will allow us to do is focus our design and merchandising efforts on the SKUs that we believe are the highest potential sellers. It allows us to manufacture at a higher scale per SKU. It allows us to reduce inventory going forward. It should allow us to have lower markdown rates, and it should allow us to market more -- in a more common way around the world. And so we're very excited about the prospects that the SAP system will enable. Now, it will take time to fully flush through our system. The first season that we're working on for SKU reduction is fall of 2015 because we tend to design 9 months out. So we're expecting to see initial benefits toward the back half of next fiscal year, and we expect the benefits to grow from that point.
Operator: The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wondered if you could clarify, Chris, your commentary in the outlook of higher cost of goods in Q3. Is that sequentially going to be higher from what we saw in Q2? And how should we think about that going into Q4? And just as a longer-term part of the question, can you update us on any refinements in the supply chain that you are working on that can ease some of the rising costs we're seeing over the longer term?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think on the higher cost of goods, I think this is a reflection of some of the investments that we're making in the season to move some of the production into Italy for some of our more luxury-oriented lines, invest more in the product quality, as well as -- which we believe is important to elevate the product. And that's really what we're talking about in terms of higher cost of goods that we expect in the third quarter. There also is a piece in the third quarter of product mix that we expect to impact the gross margin a little bit in the third quarter. But I don't view this as a sustainable trend. I view this as sort of a -- more of a one-off, so to speak. But we thought, given that we saw that trend, that we should mention it to The Street on the call so that it wasn't a surprise after the fact.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: And regarding the supply chain, what we have recently done is taken our manufacturing, sourcing and supply chain distribution organizations and consolidated that under a single leadership. And what we're seeing is that there is now a seamless view from start of manufacturing through delivery of our customers. And what we are working on and seeing quickly is that there are some important benefits by that close-tied relationship from start to finish, from factory to delivery to our stores and our customers. And we're just beginning to identify and recognize those opportunities.
Operator: The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up on your full year guidance, your 3Q guidance and what that implies for 4Q as it relates to revenue. The pace of revenue growth in the fourth quarter, how much of that is a function of your store openings? And any visibility you have as far as what your forward order book might look like for the spring season, particularly in light of all the pressure we're seeing retailers feel right now.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So I think we've got very good visibility to our bookings through the balance of the year. And I think it's that visibility that we have in our bookings through the balance of the year, coupled with the accelerated pace of new store openings, that's factored into our guidance of accelerating revenue growth in the back half of the year, and in particular in the fourth quarter. Of course, the retail segment is a little bit more volatile depending on consumer traffic patterns, macroeconomic trends and consumer spending patterns. And so we're staying very close to that and monitoring it in a read-and-react fashion. But I think you've hit it right, which is the visibility we have in the wholesale bookings, which is pretty good at this point, coupled with the accelerated pace of retail store openings, is what's factored into our guidance for the balance of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I was wondering if you could provide some perspective on how you're thinking about the development of your supply chain when it comes to lead times. One of the things we've been thinking about is faster lead times becoming a responsibility for every vendor. Could you talk about what you're doing in that regard?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think one of the things we're looking at is our cycle time. And I think it's what Jacki meant -- talked about when she was talking about the combination of our global manufacturing and sourcing group with our supply chain group. By putting those 2 groups together, we're taking an end-to-end look at the time from design to the products being on the floor in the store. And in some cases, our current cycle time makes sense because it's optimized for cost and responsiveness to the consumer demand. In other cases, we believe that there could be an opportunity to accelerate cycle time so that we're more responsive to consumer demand and we can read and react on a faster basis. And I think one of the benefits that SAP is going to give us is even better visibility into those types of decisions going forward. So it's early days, because we've just combined these organizations and we're just in the middle of the SAP implementation. But it's certainly something that we are looking at actively. And we're not looking at it on a one-size-fits-all basis. We're looking at it very much on a product category basis.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Christian, also let me add that the SKU count initiative and the dramatic reduction that we're looking at there also, we believe, combines to give us tremendous agility. And in terms of what we're managing and how our teams are managing it broadly from design through delivery, and that would be also an important outcome of that initiative.
Operator: The next question comes from Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you give a little bit more color on the geographical basis on your retail comp, international versus U.S.? And then in the U.S., maybe a little bit more color on how outlets did relative to full price.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So we saw, on a comp basis in our retail business that internationally, we -- our comps were up low to mid single-digits. In the international business, we had double-digit comp growth in the e-commerce business in the quarter. In the U.S. business, the comps were relatively flat. And the channel that continued to experience the most challenge was the U.S. factory outlet business, where traffic to the outlet channel in the U.S. continued to be down. We did see an improvement in conversion, in our case, in that channel, which muted some of that traffic decline in the outlet business. Interestingly, in the international outlet business, traffic was up, and our comp store sales growth was up in that channel outside the U.S.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Weiner with Deutsche Bank.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I was wondering, Chris, you had talked earlier about -- you gave some color on the different expense buckets, and that was helpful. I guess, if we think about those in their totality, can you give a little color on maybe what the cadence of that might look like going forward? And then, kind of related to that, you talked about the launch of Polo Sport. Could you maybe just dig a little into that in terms of what we should expect there from the expense side as well?
Christopher H. Peterson: So, on the expense side, I think that, as we mentioned a little bit earlier, I think the peak expense pressure from the SG&A cost of the new store investments, the marketing investments and the infrastructure investments was really in the second quarter that we're reporting today. That being said, the dollar impact, that's from a margin standpoint, the dollar impact is going to be a little bit higher in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, but we expect that not to have as great a margin pressure because of the accelerated pace of revenue growth in the third and fourth quarter. And so that's sort of how we're looking at it playing out during the fiscal year. So we expect the SG&A pressure to moderate in the third and fourth quarter versus what we saw in the second quarter from the incremental investments. On Polo Sport, I think Jacki sort of touched on it. We were very excited about this initiative because we think it gets us into a very large, fast-growing part of the apparel business. Our first launch is going to be for fall of next year, so this is a fall of next year launch. And we're really focused at the launch on the Men's business and we're focused on launching in our stores, in e-commerce and in select department and specialty stores around the world. So more to come in terms of quantification of that opportunity as we get closer to the launch date.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess I have a question for Jacki. I know millennials have been a group that you guys have been focused on, and it seems like the Polo Women's launch is definitely helping to tap into that. Did that change how you're thinking about Denim & Supply longer term? Would just love an update on how that brand has been trending at wholesale.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Interesting, it's -- we're finding that the Polo Women's product definitely has an appeal to the millennial customer. And it is evidenced, clearly, if you stand in Fifth Avenue and you watch the audience who is buying that product, which was an important target for us as a company. So we really believe and see that we are realizing that result sort of as we are observing the results. The Denim & Supply product is doing extraordinarily well, although it has a more narrow distribution in a few stores that we've opened to date. And then more broadly, in wholesale internationally and of course, in the U.S. with Macy's. So the results have been fantastic on the brand, and the -- the audience is similar, however, the expression of the products are very different. The Polo Women's product really speaks to the, sort of the young preppiness, but with a twist and a very relevant to today's trend for that customer. And Denim & Supply has a much more -- a bohemian style about it, much more of a freestyle. And so they're quite differentiated when you look at the product. Both doing well and both really hitting their target audience.
Operator: The next question comes from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: With some concerns out there around Europe recently, I was wondering if you could maybe speak more in detail to that business, either how it's been trending recently or if there have been any recent changes by region?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So, I think we were very pleased with the performance we had in Europe in the quarter. Our revenue was up high single digits in Europe in the quarter. We had our retail business grew double digits, and our wholesale business was up low single digits. If you look within Europe, I think we continue to see strength in the U.K. and Northern Europe. But importantly, we've seen a stabilization in Southern Europe that's contributed to a return to fairly strong growth in that region.
Operator: The next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Can you talk about what strategies you're planning to offset declining outlet traffic? And why do you think that the traffic continues to be tough? And then the follow-on to that, what posture you're taking in Macy's and other department stores with the continued price promotion focus.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. I'll handle the outlet question. So from an outlet question, I think that what we're doing is a couple of things. Number one, we're focused on increasing and making our marketing investments more relevant and more targeted to that outlet shopper to try to have call-to-action advertising that drives traffic into the center and our stores in the center. And I think that is helping mitigate a little bit the traffic trend in the U.S. outlet channel, which I would differentiate from the international outlet channel. That being said, I think longer term, what we believe is that with the expansion of the e-commerce business, we believe some of those e-commerce shoppers are choosing to shop online rather than drive to the outlet. And so we do believe there is a cannibalization impact that's impacting the outlet channel. And we think that it's important for us to play in both channels, and it's important for us to focus on both driving traffic in both channels and improving conversion in both channels.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: We also believe that with the gas price reduction and the fact that it often takes an hour to drive to an outlet mall, that, that also will provide some relief to the channel and could be an important differentiator as we move forward. In terms of price promotion at the department stores, I guess I've been doing this so long that it doesn't feel like it's any different to me. We have navigated through this season after season, through -- with every customer. We work hard to stay out of the fray and to guide our results based on our performance and product. As I said, I think we're happy with where we are for the fall season and we feel very comfortable as we guide ourselves into holiday and spring that we are well set up for the right appeal of product to our customers. So as I said, I don't feel it's any different than it's ever been before. And I think that, as I said, we are confident in how we move into the holiday season.
Operator: The next question comes from Rick Patel with Stephens.
Rick B. Patel - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just a question on China e-commerce. I think you're still in investment mode right now. Can you give us an update on where you are? I'm curious on how you're positioned to take advantage of the growing demand in that side of the world as consumers embrace your concepts.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So, we are early days on that. We just turned on in June of this year our Hong Kong e-commerce website that has ship to capability to a number of markets in Southeast Asia. We have not yet penetrated the Mainland China e-commerce business. We also, I would point out, just recently turned on social media in China as part of our increase in marketing and advertising spending this year, which we're very excited about. We are, of course, investigating how to approach and tackle the e-commerce business in Mainland China, given the size and growth of that business. But we have -- we're working through what we believe is the right business model, and we'll update you as we make decisions on that.
Operator: The final question comes from Rick Snyder with Maxim Group.
Rick L. Snyder - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: You indicated in the first quarter that there was a revenue shift in wholesale to Q2 in the U.S. And I'm looking at the wholesale growth, and it's only up 1.6%. I think it's a net loss for the quarter. Can you just talk about that shift? And did it play out as you expected?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So, I think one of the challenges is that our financial quarters don't line up nicely to the seasons. And so what we tend to look at is the spring/summer season, and then we look at the fall/holiday season. And what our focus is on the wholesale channel is growing market share. And so as we looked at how we closed out the spring/summer season, which included Q4 of last year, Q1 of this year and Q2 of this year, our wholesale business globally grew faster than the wholesale channel, and we grew market share in the channel over that period. We believe that we have a very strong plan for fall/holiday, that we have confidence we'll continue to grow our market share in the channel. There can be quarterly shifts in timing of shipments related to that, that follow wholesale customer receipt plans, but we tend to be more focused on the season basis than on the quarter basis is how we look at it.
James Hurley: Great. Thank you very much for calling in today and participating.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you very much, and we'll look forward to talking to you all again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Christopher H. Peterson - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Faye I. Landes - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Limited, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2015 Conference Call. The agenda for today's call includes Jacki Nemerov, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will provide an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Chris Peterson, our Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who will provide operational and financial perspective in the first quarter, in addition to reviewing our outlook for the balance of the year. [Operator Instructions] During today's call, we'll be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report a strong start to our new fiscal year with better-than-expected first quarter profits. The consistent focus on our long-term strategic growth objectives is clearly evidenced in the results. Revenue growth of 3.4% was supported by strong Retail segment performance, including double-digit expansion for both international markets and e-commerce. Operating margin of 14.3% was better than we anticipated in May, largely due to excellent operational discipline throughout the organization, even as we continue to make significant investments in our long-range goals. As most of you are well aware, the first 6 months of calendar 2014 have been difficult for retailers around the world. Trends have been particularly challenging in North America where the cold and late start to spring caused many consumers to effectively sit out the spring/summer season. Geopolitical tensions and macroeconomic pressures in Europe, the Middle East and parts of Asia have also had an impact on consumer spending. Despite that landscape as a backdrop, our brands and products performed very well in the first quarter. We achieved double-digit growth in Europe, led by continued strength in our retail operations and increased hotel shipments for the spring/summer season. We also delivered double-digit expansion in Asia, including positive growth for our Japanese retail operations despite a VAT increase during the quarter. Revenues in the Americas were modestly below the prior year as growth for our retail operations was more than offset by lower wholesale revenues, primarily due to a shift in timing of certain shipments between quarters. Merchandising highlights for the quarter include continued global strength in our men's assortments. The response to our expanded Purple Label offering has been very positive and is especially important as we execute our luxury strategy on an increasingly global scale. We introduced our first collection of Polo tailored clothing as a directly operated business during the quarter, and the initial read is very strong with consumers taking note of how we've refined the fit and elevated the fabrications. I also want to highlight the performance of our newest men's fragrance, Polo Red, which has achieved the distinction of becoming our most successful men's fragrance launch to date. That's a noteworthy accomplishment considering our already strong position in the men's fragrance market. Turning to our Women's business. Customers have really responded to the more modern sensibility of our Black Label line. Dresses also continued to perform across all of our women's labels, fueled by new silhouettes and fabrications across the range of casual, wear-to-work, social and special location. Women's accessories had strong momentum during the quarter with excellent growth in handbags and footwear. And last, but not least, our Club Monaco brand continues to show strength worldwide, thanks to its distinctive contemporary styling and compelling visual presentation. Now I'd like to provide a brief update on 3 of our key areas of strategic focus: product innovation, global retail development and advertising and marketing. Beginning with product innovation, we will mark an important evolution in our women's offering in just a few weeks with the introduction of Women's Polo. This line has been developed to complement the breadth and scope of our tremendously successful and iconic Polo men's brand that commands a leadership position in the marketplace. From sophisticated tweeds and rugged outdoorsy looks to the perfect little black dress or distressed leather jacket, Women's Polo brings all-American style up-to-date with an eclectic downtown edge. The long-term global opportunity for Women's Polo is extremely exciting, and we look forward to consumers discovering the merchandise over the next few seasons. Moving on to global retail development. We opened 12 stores during the first quarter, 5 that we operate directly and 7 with international partners. We are on track to open 40 to 45 directly operated stores this fiscal year, including a few strategically important stores this fall. Our first Polo flagship will open in a few weeks on Fifth Avenue and 55th Street in New York City. This 3-level store will present a comprehensive assortment of Polo men's and women's apparel and accessories and will also have a restaurant and a caf. This store is just the beginning of a global rollout that will take place over the next several years and will be quickly followed by an 8,000-square foot Polo store in Singapore that's scheduled to open in mid-September. Later this fall, we will open our first Ralph Lauren luxury flagship in Greater China. Located in Hong Kong's Lee Gardens shopping district, we look forward to the opportunity to showcase the brand in one of the most important markets. We expect this store to have a beneficial impact on our global business as Chinese consumers are a driving force in virtually every major market. E-commerce is another critical component of our global retail development efforts. Double-digit e-commerce growth in the quarter was the result of a double-digit increase in traffic and improved conversion, all of which reflects our continued investment in infrastructure, technology, user experience, customer service and marketing. Our focus on e-commerce is, of course, global. And we are very pleased with the momentum we are experiencing in Europe and also in Asia where we have now added ship-to capability for Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia and Singapore. World-class advertising and marketing is one of the hallmarks of our company and one of our points of distinction as a brand. It is also an area of increased investment for us this year. Our most significant campaign this fall will be a celebration of the Polo brand through a large scale 360-program that will introduce the new women's line and present the season statement for men. While still respecting the rich heritage of Polo, the imagery beautifully expresses the energy and fresh spirit of this exciting new offering and conveys a distinctive, modern point of view that we believe will resonate with the target consumer. The foundational digital and social media elements of the campaign will be reinforced by in-store video, magazine advertising and robust men's and women's direct mail pieces. Right now, we are in the midst of our Sports of Summer campaign, which brings together the power of the high-profile partnerships we have cultivated over the years from Wimbledon and the US Open in tennis, to the British Open, the US Open and the Ryder Cup in golf. The quality and prestige that define these events align perfectly with the values of our brand and we are extremely proud of these associations. The same is true of our philanthropic efforts. During the quarter, we made a donation to fund the Ralph Lauren Center for Breast Cancer Research at London's Royal Marsden Hospital that was graciously accepted by Prince William at a spectacular gala at Windsor Castle. Back in America, our sponsorship of the restoration of the Star-Spangled Banner, one of our nation's most important icons, was once again recognized when Ralph was awarded the prestigious James Smithson Bicentennial Medal. We also brought visibility and support to children's literacy through our Fall '14 Children's Fashion Show that was held at the New York Public Library. We are extremely pleased to support all of these important causes. I'm very proud of our team's ability to deliver better-than-expected profits while navigating challenging market conditions and continuing to build for future growth. We are fueling the increasingly global appeal of our brands and products with prudent investments in infrastructure, best-in-class shopping environment and advertising and marketing. I'm pleased to report that the early fall selling is off to a good start and we have several merchandising and marketing initiatives in place to support that momentum. Our priorities are clear and we have both the talent and the financial strength to execute them. We are excited about what we expect to achieve over the next several years as we continue to focus our capital and managerial resources on the most compelling long-term opportunities. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2015 is off to a good start, with first quarter profit exceeding the outlook we provided in May. I'd like to begin with a brief recap of the quarter. Consolidated net revenues rose 3.4% to $1.7 billion, led by strong retail segment growth and double-digit expansion in international markets. Gross profit margin of 61.0% was 30 basis points above the prior year period due to favorable channel and geographic mix that was partially offset by negative foreign currency effects. Operating margin of 14.3% was 240 basis points below the prior year period. This was better than the outlook we provided in May as disciplined operational management throughout the organization mitigated the impacts of incremental investments in our long-term growth strategies and infrastructure, higher restructuring charges and a onetime gain on the Chaps men's license acquisition that benefited the prior year period. Net income was $162 million, 10% below the first quarter of fiscal 2014, and net income per diluted share declined 7% to $1.80. The effective tax rate of 31% in the first quarter was slightly below the prior year, but was higher than we expected due to a couple of minor discrete tax items. The diluted share count declined approximately 3 million shares from the prior year as the company continues to return capital to shareholders through its share repurchase program. Moving on to segment highlights for the quarter. Wholesale revenues of $708 million were 4% below the prior year due to shifts in shipment cadence between quarters and higher revenues from the initial transition of Chaps men's sportswear to a wholly owned operation in the prior year period. Wholesale revenues were slightly below our initial expectations mostly due to a shift in the timing of certain summer and fall shipments out of the first quarter and into the second quarter. Combining wholesale sales for the last 2 quarters, which is a good proxy for the spring/summer season, revenues increased 10%, reflecting strong momentum in the Americas and a return to growth in Europe. Wholesale operating margin declined 260 basis points in the quarter to 25.5% due to fixed cost deleverage on lower shipment volumes and unfavorable foreign currency effects. Retail sales rose 9% to $960 million driven by the incremental contribution from new stores and double-digit growth in international markets and e-commerce operations. Comparable store sales increased 3% during the quarter supported by higher average unit retail prices, a modest increase in traffic to brick-and-mortar stores and strong e-commerce growth. Our focus on client engagement and more targeted marketing efforts supported positive comp growth for all of our retail concepts except concession shops. Retail operating margin was 17.5%, 130 basis points below the prior year period, reflecting costs associated with global store development and newly transitioned operations. Licensing revenue and operating income each rose 4% in the first quarter due to higher royalties from higher sales of Ralph Lauren products worldwide. Consolidated inventory was $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting investments to support anticipated sales growth for existing operations and new store openings, as well as incremental inventory associated with newly transitioned operations. We spent about $85 million on capital expenditures in the first quarter, mostly to support new retail stores and infrastructure investments. Company also repurchased 1.2 million shares of its common stock at an average cost of approximately $152, utilizing $180 million of authorized share repurchase programs. At the end of the quarter, $400 million remained available for future buybacks and we had $1.4 billion in cash and investments on the balance sheet. We established the company's first ever commercial paper program during the first quarter and we've issued approximately $20 million of the $300 million program in the second quarter to date period. We intend to access this very low-cost financing from time-to-time to support the growth of the business in the most capital-efficient way. So overall, we are pleased with our first quarter results, which clearly demonstrate our ability to deliver better-than-expected profits despite a challenging environment while making important progress on several of our long-term objectives. The team's skill of balancing near-term market realities and our commitment to our long-range goals is the defining characteristic of the organization. Last quarter, we spoke about how we are working to globalize the company and the changes we made to our leadership structure to achieve that goal. We've been operating in this new structure for about 3 months, and I'd like to provide some early perspective on the benefits using our newly integrated supply chain organization as an example. We currently source products from over 700 factories and 40 countries and then ship those goods to over 100 countries processed through 13 global distribution centers. While the company has done a great job optimizing its sourcing and logistics activities individually, we believe that there was an opportunity to drive additional benefits through end-to-end integration of the supply chain. The team's holistic view enables us to determine the most time- and cost-effective solutions for the company. Key areas of opportunity include leveraging our logistics expertise earlier in the supply chain, taking a more seamless approach to vendor relations and customer service, optimizing inventory across channels and regions and improving speed-to-market. This should lead to higher revenue and lower cost of goods over time and we're excited about what it might mean for us over the long term. Now I'd like to turn to the outlook for fiscal 2015. As we articulated to you in May, we expect to maintain strong revenue growth this year. We are increasing our investments in the business to support that momentum and long-term shareholder value creation. As you recall, the fiscal 2015 plan calls for incremental investment and expanding our global store network and e-commerce operations, including important flagship projects; implementing SAP; and increased advertising and marketing to support exciting new initiatives, such as the launch of Women's Polo and high-profile store openings. As you've seen in this morning's press release, we are maintaining our financial outlook for the year. We continue to expect consolidated revenues to increase by 6% to 8% for the full year fiscal 2015 period led by retail segment growth. As a reminder, this growth is primarily organic as there is no material contribution from license take-backs this year. And we continue to expect foreign exchange impacts to be relatively neutral. The full year 2015 operating margin is still estimated to be approximately 75 to 125 basis points below fiscal 2014's level due to accelerated investment in our strategic growth initiatives and infrastructure. Excluding the impacts of the incremental investments in the company's strategic growth initiatives, underlying operating income growth would be up low double digits for the year. For the second quarter of fiscal 2015, we expect consolidated net revenues to increase by 4% to 6%, once again led by retail segment growth. Our operating margin for the second quarter is expected to be approximately 200 to 250 basis points below the prior year period, primarily due to higher operating expenses related to the timing of investments to support the company's strategic growth objectives. The second quarter tax rate is estimated at 30%. Based on our first quarter results and second quarter outlook, we expect our recent investments in new stores, e-commerce operations and international expansion to contribute to accelerated sales and profit momentum in the second half of the year. We are mindful that global macroeconomic data are giving mixed signals on the health of the consumer, but we remain focused on disciplined expense management while we continue to invest in our longer-term growth objectives. The diversity of our operating model across channels, regions and merchandising categories is a competitive advantage. It's enabled us to manage through an uncertain global environment effectively while still achieving our financial goals. We are confident that the investments we're making today will support sustainable and profitable growth over the long term. At this point, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Wanted to ask a holistic question about the Polo brand, if you don't mind. The Singapore store, which we learned about today, obviously you've got the one opening in New York, the Polo Women's rollout, can you -- and the plan, I think, you said in the past, 15 to 20 potential openings this year, can you talk about what you're seeing in the marketplace that gives you the comfort level to kind of make this push around that brand in women's and in stores -- in store openings. What's the data that you're seeing? I know you have some Polo stores out there already. Talk to -- help talk us through the confidence level there that's giving you the impetus to make this push.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I think what we're seeing is Polo -- the Polo brand continues to resonate very strongly with consumers on the men's side of the business. As you know, we're just launching Women's Polo now and the response that we've seen from customers and from consumers to the showroom exposure that we've given has been very strong and from the fashion press has been very strong to the Polo Women's lineup. We've only had the Polo Women's brand and market for about 2 weeks in really a couple of stores, though the Women's Polo launch is really going to be more broadly distributed over the next couple of months as we get into the fall season. But we're starting to already see very encouraging trends from the first few distribution points that we've had on the Women's Polo line. So I think we think with the strength of the Polo brand globally, with the launch of the flagship store in New York, with the launch of the Women's Polo line, which really is a new brand introduction for us and with some of the other exciting things that Jacki talked about on the men's tailored clothing lineup, we think we have a lot of product innovation and news behind that brand that gives us the confidence to expand the Polo distribution through freestanding retail stores worldwide.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have 2 questions, one will be a little bit more near term and then one longer term for you, Chris. I think, after today, the focus is likely to shift to getting comfortable with the annual guidance. And in particular, I think the mid-point of your guidance implies revenue growth stepping up to a run rate of about plus 9% or 10% in the back half from about plus 4% in the first half. Obviously, we have big store openings as a catalyst. But the compares in wholesale get very tough, and just in general, you're a very big brand at this point, so those high-single numbers are obviously not easy. So maybe kind of the help you could give us on some of the components that make the revenue target achievable in your eyes would be really helpful. And then on a longer-term question, of course, you guys have a lot of investments coming on this year and have mentioned they'll span multiple years and maybe the timing of the impacts of those investments may be uneven. But if we look out 2 or even 3 years, how do you think about some of the biggest drivers of margin leverage for the company as we get past this investment cycle. In other words, is rolling off the step-up in retail openings is the biggest opportunity? Or maybe even just some of the opportunities, a different SAP module starts to come on and how big that could be as far as leverage opportunities going forward.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So let me start with the first one on the current fiscal year. So I think if you look at the trajectory of the current fiscal year, what we're seeing is that the peak quarter for our investment spending is really the second quarter that we're just about to enter here. And many of the strategic investments that we're making are going to have significant revenue impacts that impact the back half of the year. And that includes both a number of the retail stores that we're opening, whether it's the Fifth Avenue Polo store, the Lee Garden flagship store, the Singapore store and a number of others that will have a much more significant impact in terms of revenue growth in the back half than the front half. The second thing I would say on that is that when we look at our plan from a wholesale standpoint and from an e-commerce standpoint around the world, we're anticipating, from the visibility that we've had through bookings and through some of the initiatives that we have coming, acceleration in those businesses as well in the back half of the year versus the front half of the year. Recall that for the spring/summer season, if you look at the last 2 quarters, combined, in wholesale, we generated 10% revenue growth. So we're coming off very successful spring/summer season relative to the competitive environment. So that characterizes, if you will, the current fiscal year. I think if you look at the longer-term perspective about the investments and how is this likely to play out over the next several years, I think the thing that we're looking at is that if you look at some of the investments that we're making in infrastructure, we believe that whether it's SAP, whether it's the e-commerce replatforming effort or other infrastructure investments that we're making, those infrastructure investments I would characterize in the short term as being primarily in the investment mode. But I think we're going to start to see the benefits from those increase and the investment spending decrease as it plays out over the next several years. These are multiyear projects. But that should lead to improved margins over the mid- to long term on that part of the spending. If you look at the marketing and advertising step-up that we're doing this year, I think that marketing and advertising step-up, we believe, is right for the long-term brand equity and health of the business. And I think we expect that step-up in marketing and advertising to lead to stronger consumer demand over time, certainly as we increase our awareness in countries that have low awareness today like Greater China, but also as we increase the desirability and demand for the product in our more established markets. And then, if you look at the global retail store development spending -- step-up in spending that we're doing this year, I think what you're going to see there is we're likely to be at an accelerated pace for the next several years as we begin to -- or as we continue to expand the retail stores around the world, particularly in international markets. But I think the onetime sort of step-up of preopening costs that's hitting us this year is likely to be more consistent year-over-year as we get to the outer years. And we'll start to see the benefits from some of the stores that we're opening today flow through from a revenue and profitability standpoint.
Operator: The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Chris, in that context, as you talk about how the year unfolds, I was just -- we're just looking at the U.S. business. Obviously, it was down modestly in the quarter primarily due to shifts. But how do you think about the U.S. or North America from a wholesale and retail perspective sort of indexed against that sort of 9% to 10% back half growth? Some investors question whether you've kind of hit a maturity level in the U.S. and there may not be growth there. I was just wondering if you could give us some perspective on that. And then, a second question for Jacki. Another question I get from investors is the relevance of the portfolio of Ralph Lauren brands to younger consumers and your strategy to address that going forward to continue to make the brand relevant to millennials, for example.
Christopher H. Peterson: So I think I'll take the first question and then hand over to Jacki. I think if you look at the geographic trends, I think that, certainly, we're expecting the international business to grow at an accelerated pace versus the U.S. business. The U.S. business is our most mature business. It represents about 2/3 of the company's revenue. And we have very strong positions, leading positions, in most of the categories in which we compete in the U.S. So we do have a plan that we believe will generate market share gains in the U.S. for the balance of the year. But if the U.S. market, broadly defined as growing sort of at a low-single-digit rate, I think we have a plan that allows us to grow faster than that, but likely not at the sort of high-single-digits is baked in. I think where we get to those types of numbers from a consolidated view is because we have a much more aggressive revenue plan, if you will, in the international markets. And that has to do with the fact that in many of these markets, we are under-distributed relative to the potential size of the markets. So I think we've talked a little bit in the past that 2/3 of our business is in the U.S., but 2/3 of the market is outside of the U.S. So if we were able to capture the same market share outside of the U.S. that we have inside the U.S., it would imply the international business would be 4x as big as it is today. We're not going to get there this year. But certainly, we think we've got an opportunity for accelerated growth in the international markets and I think we've seen that play out in the first quarter with strong double-digit growth in Europe and double-digit growth in Asia as well.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: So David, on the relevance of our Ralph Lauren brands and the appeal to younger consumers, this is something that the company is highly focused on, starting with Ralph, and it's continuous. The -- it's something, as we look at our Polo portfolio, let me start with Polo Women's. When you see the product, our advertising campaign, the attitude of the way the product is styled and the environment in which we have placed the consumer, you will see that this is the centerpiece of the appeal of the Polo Women's brand. We've already, although it's just in the first couple of weeks as the product has started to hit some of our stores, we're absolutely seeing that younger consumer responding to the brand. And it's in attitude, it's in fit and the overall appeal, while keeping our heritage, the spirit of the brand, the fit of the brand, really is driven towards this young contemporary customer. In our Polo clothing, one of the important things, as we took that license back, was really about creating a new and younger attitude, both in fit and appropriate price point as an entry point to our Polo brand and our Ralph Lauren portfolio. And the early response on that has been quite favorable. In our luxury product, Black Label really speaks to a much more contemporary viewpoint and customer and we're continually really refreshing and updating that product and that point of view and meeting with outstanding results. We see the same thing in RRL brand, and while it's really about heritage, it's about authenticity, which that younger consumer really relates to and we're seeing excellent momentum in our RRL brand. Our Denim & Supply brand speaks directly to the millennial consumer and that brand was introduced about 2 years ago. And it's growing at double-digit rates year-over-year for the past couple of years and we don't see any change in that. And we have another significant door rollout beginning this fall. So as I've said, the momentum there has been quite good. And in our accessory opportunity, we're also appealing to that younger customer. When you have the opportunity to see the new Polo Women's product, both the footwear and accessories, that we're selling and seeing some early success and we're now intent on expanding those categories in Polo Women's, have a very young, hip attitude. And I think you'll quickly see visually, as soon as you have an opportunity to see our new store opening, to really identify with why, in fact, we feel that our brands are so relevant to the younger consumer.
Operator: The next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: I guess, my question, I found it really hopeful that you said x the investment spending, your operating income would be growing at sort of a low-double-digit rate this year. It's really helpful for us to try to figure out kind of a longer-term earnings algorithm for this company, and given some of the investment spending, that's a little challenging. Do you think that, that low-double-digit rate x investment spending this year, is kind of consistent with what your outlook would be for the longer term, again stripping out the investment spending? Or do you think we could see even an accelerated rate with some of these initiatives, the things that you're basically investing in? And then also, as we get beyond this year, is it fair to say that your investment spending will be more focused on some of the kind of demand creation, sales-generation spending and less so on the kind of efficiency side. Sorry, I know that was a long question.
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay, no problem. I guess I'd start by saying our investment spending buckets have different lives to them. So I think we had talked that this is the peak year of the investment in SAP. Although the SAP project will continue over multiple years because we'll finish the U.S. this year, we'll been in to the Europe implementation next year. This year we're both completing the U.S. and investing in Europe. So year-over-year, that investment spend would be lower next year. On the flip side, the e-commerce replatforming investment that we're doing that we've just kicked off is a 2- to 3-year project in terms of investment spend before we convert to the new platform and that spending is likely to increase next year versus this year. So each of the investment, strategic investment areas, have a slightly different life. That being said, if you were to step back and look at the longer-term algorithm of what we're shooting for from a financial target standpoint, I think what we're shooting for is a high-single-digit revenue growth is what we would like to try to achieve. I said in the past that, given the macroeconomic situation in any given particular period of time, we're prepared for mid-single-digits, but I think we're shooting for high-single-digits. I also think that, over the sort of 3- to 5-year time horizon, we're shooting for operating margin to be higher than where we are today because we certainly think that we can drive leverage in the business through that type of revenue growth. It's not going to be a straight line in terms of how we get from where we are today to those targets over sort of a 3- or 5-year period because it's going to depend on the pace and the sequencing of the investment spending. That being said, we obviously have not given guidance for fiscal '16 and we'll plan to do that and give a more specific update on that in our normal guidance timing where we typically give sort of some initial view on the January call and then a more specific set of guidance on the May call.
Operator: The next question comes from Faye Landes with Cowen and Company.
Faye I. Landes - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First of all, this is just a housekeeping, but all of us have been -- I think, since all of us in the call have been chained to our desks for a while, so can you just tell us where we -- what stores already have Polo Women's so we can go see it?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. The stores that have Polo Women's are Short Hills in New Jersey. The East Hampton store has Polo Women's. And I think it's going to be coming over the next couple of weeks in a much broader assortment of stores.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: And of course, our Fifth Avenue store opens August 28. We have gotten early reads from our business in Japan where we opened in Isetan and in our own Omotesando store. We have early reads from Korea that are also quite favorable. And these are markets that have a very young, spirited customer and attitude. And if it resonates there, we're quite optimistic about how it will resonate throughout the world. So those are some of the early reads we've had.
Faye I. Landes - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just first of all, could you tell us how much the preopening is for the big stores this quarter and this year and what we should think of going forward? And also just your comments about Denim & Supply, RRL, et cetera, imply that your other businesses -- or some of your other businesses are negative in the U.S., which, obviously, holistically, is not necessarily an issue. But how we should -- what are the facts there and how should we think about them?
Christopher H. Peterson: The preopening costs, I think, we don't disclose at that level of detail. But what we have disclosed, for example, is the rent on the Fifth Avenue Polo store, which is $25 million a year. And so obviously, we're paying that rent without any revenue right now. We also have invested significantly in hiring staff, so that we're ready to open the store, which we're paying salaries to. We're spending significant money on fit-out and capital, some of which is on the balance sheet, some of which is expensed. So it's fair to say that the peak investment in that particular store is happening in the second quarter and there was significant investment in the first quarter. The same is true of the Lee Gardens flagship and the same is true of the step-up in the pace that we're doing of global store rollouts around the world. So that gives you a little bit of a flavor. I think we've said in the past that, if you look in total at the investment spending behind the company's strategic investments for this year, global infrastructure, marketing and advertising and global store development, the global store development piece of that was -- they were relatively evenly split between those 3s in terms of their impact on the operating margin.
Faye I. Landes - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: In terms of what we should think of. [Audio Gap] years, I mean, you're going to keep building stores?
Christopher H. Peterson: Say that again?
Faye I. Landes - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: How should we think about this in the out years? Because you're going to keep building stores. I mean, is this a peak-y year?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I believe -- I think it will be a peak year for us because although we're going to keep building stores, once you have the preopening costs in the base financials, the year-over-year impact shouldn't be as great next year because we will have had peak -- we will have had just the preopening costs in the base for this year. And so if we maintain that level of -- the same level or consistent level of global retail development going forward, we won't have a year-over-year impact from preopening costs because it's already in the base once it's gotten into this year. And on the flip side, we should start to benefit from the revenue and the profitability from the accelerated pace of new store openings.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Faye, in response to your comment regarding Denim & Supply and RRL, as I was answering David's question regarding the relevance of our Ralph Lauren brands to younger consumers, I was very specifically highlighting some of the brand concepts that are directly appealing and some new characteristics about our brands that we have now added as I talked about Polo Women's and the new Polo clothing and so forth and more recent brands like Denim & Supply. But we had a season in spring/summer that outpaced the stores' results and with particular strengths in Polo; in our footwear business, which was spectacular; our accessory business, which is running up double-digits; and a nice Chaps season. So I think that never meant to imply that these were and these weren't, but just to give you a little broader view.
Operator: The next question comes from Dave Weiner with Deutsche Bank.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I had a question on gross margins. So as we look out this year and into next year, obviously this year you're up against a much easier comparison you were last year. But if you kind of break down the 3 main initiative shifts that you have, as you move from wholesale to retail, or at least strategically, you're trying to do that, from apparel to accessories and then also U.S. to non-U.S., could you talk a little bit about which of those you see as having the biggest impacts? Obviously, this quarter, you called out channel and geography. But could you just call -- talk a little bit about which of those has the biggest impacts over time? I would assume they should all be gross margin accretive, but maybe a little color there.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, you're right. All 3 of those would have a tendency to be gross margin accretive because our retail segment operates at a higher gross margin than wholesale. Our international business operates at a higher gross margin than our U.S. business. And of course, the accessories category can be characterized with higher gross margins than the apparel category. And so as we're driving those initiatives, we do expect that. I think the reason we called out the retail -- or the channel mix, in particular this quarter, was because we had the retail segment in the first quarter growing substantially faster than the wholesale segment in the first quarter. So that was clearly the biggest driver in terms of mix impact in Q1. I think relative to this fiscal year, I think all 3 will be important contributors to gross margin. Probably, given where we're looking, I think that the retail segment growth relative to the wholesale segment growth will probably have, in this current fiscal year, the biggest impact out of those 3. But I expect all 3 to be important contributors to gross margin over the next several years. On the flip side, obviously, the retail segment also comes with higher SG&A than the wholesale segment, and so we're working very hard to globalize much of the company's infrastructure so that we can leverage scale from the revenue growth regardless of whether it comes from the retail or the wholesale segment. And that's part of the operational changes that we've made in management to try to leverage more capability on a global basis that can apply omni-channel.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups, one on the gross margin, understanding that mix shift. But just curious in terms of what you're seeing from a markdown perspective, either from your retail partners or in your own stores during the quarter. Was that, in part, an offset to the strength you saw from the geographies and the channel shift? And then what is your guidance contemplating for Q2 and the full year in terms of gross margin? And then, just secondly, as it relates to Europe, I mean, clearly, a very strong region for you guys. Have you seen anything in terms of the early spring 2015 order book start to build?
Christopher H. Peterson: So on the markdowns, actually our gross margin for the first quarter came in a little better than we expected when we gave guidance in May. So we really didn't see any year-over-year impact in our business from incremental markdowns versus the year ago period. It was a more promotional environment, but we are able to weather through that without a significant impact on our gross margins. If you look at the consolidated gross margin of the company during the first quarter, obviously, the gross margin was up and it would have been up even more than what was reported if it wasn't for foreign currency impact on European inventory purchases where we have a hedging program in place that we had a gain in that year ago period. So that sort of answers, I think, the first question. On the second quarter and full year in terms of gross margin, I think we expect -- we don't give guidance specifically on gross margin, but I expect our gross margin trends that we saw in the first quarter to roughly continue for the balance of the year. But I think we're looking at a year that has gross margin improvement throughout the balance of the year, relatively consistent with the first quarter. And then in terms of the early spring order books from wholesale, from Europe, in particular, I think Europe, we were very encouraged by the results from Europe in the first quarter and we talked a little bit about that. It really started to -- we've had continued strong growth in our retail stores over, really, the last year. We had a period where we pulled back on wholesale shipments and we were annualizing that, which we annualized last October-November type period. And so we started to see a return to growth in the wholesale channel in Europe and that trend started in the fourth quarter of last year, continued in the first quarter of this year and I think we expect that strength in the wholesale channel to continue for the balance of the year. And we're seeing that in the order books.
Operator: The next question comes from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Could you speak a little bit to the margin profile of the Asian and e-commerce businesses given they're some of your highest growth segments. And also maybe just what the margin potential is for those longer term versus where they are today?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, so I'll start on e-commerce. So e-commerce, we're at sort of a different place by region. So in the U.S., we have a very strong and well-developed e-commerce business that's at scale, that has margins in the U.S. e-commerce business that are at or above the balance of our U.S. business. So in the U.S., when -- if a consumer moves from a brick-and-mortar sale to an e-commerce sale, it is a good thing for us from a profitability standpoint. In Europe, because we started it later in Europe on e-commerce, we're just getting to scale. So this is the first year in e-commerce that we're going to turn from being in investment mode to being in profitability. And so as the scale builds in Europe, which we're seeing very strong trends, we expect the profitability in Europe e-commerce to increase significantly as that business begins to scale. And in Asia where we've just launched e-commerce for the first about a year or 2 ago, we started with Japan and then we came with Korea and we're working on Greater China and Southeast Asia, we're still in investment mode. So we're still not profitable, but it's because we're investing in getting the business up and running and we certainly expect, over time, that business to have a strong margin profile.
Operator: The next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if we can talk a little bit about the pushout of shipments into 2Q. How much did that hold back the wholesale revenue growth in the first quarter?
Christopher H. Peterson: I think it was a relatively minor amount. I think when we gave guidance at the beginning of the quarter, we thought that wholesale revenues, overall, would be relatively flat. And I think what we reported was down about 4%. And so I think the primary driver of that difference was in the wholesale receipt plans, particularly related to the summer and fall shipments where some of the shipments moved from the first quarter to the second quarter. So I think that was really the driver of that change, if you will.
Operator: The final question comes from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I saw the Polo Women's in East Hampton, I think it looks great. Store was busy. Could you go over the door count, Denim & Supply, this year from -- versus last year, owned stores and wholesale? And then is there an opportunity to accelerate the growth of Club Monaco stores?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, so Denim & Supply, we've opened a number of doors around the world. I think we have 10 to 15 stores. We have 2 in the U.S. We have a number in Asia and a number in Europe. And I think what we're doing with Denim & Supply is we're working on optimizing the merchandising and assortment plans of those retail formats in a way that gives us confidence to accelerate the pace of further store rollouts. We're still very early in the Denim & Supply brand. I think we've launched the Denim & Supply brand 2 or 3 years ago. We're encouraged by the progress that we're seeing from the stores that we've opened to date. But we want to optimize, given that we've got 10 or 15 open, before we really accelerate. And then on Club Monaco, we have accelerated the pace of store openings. And so if you look at Club Monaco, I think that, not only with the Fifth Avenue flagship in Manhattan, some of the refurbishments of some of the other stores, but we're opening a significant pace of stores in Asia as well. We have 2 new stores that are about to open in London, one in Sloane Square, one in Redchurch that we're very excited about that we'll open in the next few months. And so that business is really resonating with the consumer. And we see an opportunity there to go a little faster.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: It's actually our largest business in China with license partners who accelerated another 20 stores this year and have plans for even greater growth next year as it's one of their top performing brands within their portfolio. I believe, it's the top brand -- performing brand. So thank you for your continued interest in the company. And we're, as you can see, working on many exciting initiatives. And there's a lot of important progress planned over our next few months and we look forward to updating you on that. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  James Hurley  VP, IR Jacki Nemerov  President and COO Chris Peterson  EVP, Chief Administrative Officer and CFO
Analysts:  Omar Saad  ISI Group Michael Binetti  UBS David Glick  Buckingham Research Kate McShane  Citigroup Lindsay Drucker Mann  Goldman Sachs Liz Dunn  Macquarie Capital Erinn Murphy  Piper Jaffray Joan Payson  Barclays Capital 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Laurens Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 14 Conference Call. The agenda for this mornings call includes Jacki Nemerov, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the year and comment on our broader strategic initiatives. Chris Peterson, our Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial perspective on the fourth quarter, in addition to reviewing our initial expectations for fiscal 15. After the companys prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During todays call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jacki.
Jacki Nemerov: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to be reporting better-than-expected fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2014 results today. Our 14% revenue growth and 23% increase in earnings per share for the fourth quarter were result of double-digit top line expansion in each of our major geographic regions, with Europe and Asia leading the pace in addition to strong profit flow-through for core operations. The results reflect an acceleration from the third quarters strong growth rate despite a challenging retail environment, particularly in the United States. Our full year sales growth of 7% and earnings per share of $8.43 represents record levels for us and were achieved even with substantial investments in our growth initiatives and infrastructure, and in the phase of unfavorable foreign exchange headwinds through the quarter. When we provided our fiscal 2014 outlook a year ago, we characterized it as a tale of two halves. We spoke about our spending margin being down in the first half impacted by more modest sales growth and upfront expenses related to the integration of formally licensed operations and pre-opening costs for new stores. And we spoke about our second half in terms of an acceleration in revenue trends and improved profitability, as a result of realizing the benefits of those newly integrated businesses and the store openings. The year played out as we anticipated, in fact a bit better than expected in the second half, which clearly demonstrates the discipline of our organization, to both, manage the business in real-time and plan for the future. Fiscal 2014 was also a year of important progress on each of the companys long-term growth objectives of extending our direct-to-consumer reach, expanding our international presence, innovation with new products and investing in our infrastructure. Our achievements included the creation of Polo for women, the seamless transition of our Chaps mens sportswear business from licensed to owned, the integration of the Australia/New Zealand territories into our organization and a doubling of the size of ralphlauren.coms North American distribution center and a smooth transition to SAP for many of our most critical operations. We also established a new leadership structure designed to enhance our progress on our long-term growth objectives. We opened 46 stores during the year, which was an acceleration from the prior year and consistent with our focus on extending our direct-to-consumer reach. We also established greater clarity around our retail growth objectives with Polo stores being an exciting new evolution in our direct-to-consumer efforts and a compelling complement to our Ralph Lauren luxury stores. Our global e-commerce operations experienced another year of strong double-digit expansion. We expect this to continue to be one of our fastest growing channels over the next several years, bolstered not only by consumer confidence in buying online, but also by new leadership of our e-commerce team and a site re-platform that will enhance functionality and allow us to provide an even stronger brand and customer experience. Turning now to our product. Both luxury apparel and accessories experienced significant growth during the year. Our mens Purple Label and Black Label lines were more fully developed through additional sportswear and Denim elements respectively to provide more breadth to the product offering and more depth to their lifestyle expressions. Mens and Womens Black Label performance was particularly strong as we see customers around the world connecting with this brands modern streamlined sensibility. We also saw a continued momentum in outerwear and handbags, with consumers responding positively to the distinctiveness of our aesthetic in these areas. Dresses were important driver of growth in womens wear during the year. We began a more concerted focus on dresses about five years ago to both capitalize on an emerging trend and to express our brand voice in a category that was becoming increasingly important to the consumer. In a short period of time, through a combination of design trend, fit expertise and excellent value proposition and of course the stronger feel of our brand, weve established ourselves as a dominant force in the dress category with market leadership across nearly all of our wholesale distributions. Club Monaco also had a fantastic year building on strong multiyear trends. The momentum has been equally strong at Club Monacos 57 directly owned North American stores, e-commerce operations and in international markets with the brand that is present in over 120 points of distributions, mostly concentrated in Asia. Club Monaco occupies a unique niche in the market offering the contemporary customer distinctive, on-trend merchandize at a great price. While womens has been a consistently strong performer over the years, the mens business have made great progress, thanks to the clarity of design direction in aesthetic which is coming through in both the product and the shopping environment. We supported Club Monacos development by investing in growing and renovating the store base, most notably with the brands spectacular new flagship in New York. Based on the success weve already seen, we intend to accelerate store development for Club Monaco in fiscal 2015. As we look to the future, Id like to provide some perspective on three key initiatives that we believe will become meaningful drivers of sales and profit growth over the next three to five years. The first initiative is what Ill call the intensified development of the Polo brand. Polo achieved significant milestone in fiscal 2014 with the creation of Polo for women. We are very excited about the long-term potential for womens Polo, especially given the broad global success of our mens Polo product. Today, the split between our mens and womens mix is about 60/40. The overall marketplace is in the reverse, and we believe the introduction of womens Polo is an opportunity for us to increase the penetration of our womens business. Womens Polo will replace our existing womens Blue Label line, so the launch is not entirely incremental for us in the near-term. Over the long-term however, we believe the breadth and scope of the lines aesthetic, fitting price points will address a much broader market than we did with Blue Label. We are also taking back our mens clothing license and will be launching an expanded line of Polo tailored clothing this Fall. This more comprehensive assortment of suits, sports clothes and trousers will allow Polo to establish its strong foothold in these essential aspects of a mans wardrobe. Tailored clothing has always been an integral part of the Ralph Lauren DNA and is the perfect complement to Polos leadership in sportswear. We are also in the early stages of executing our plan to open Polo stores worldwide. We believe these stores will be a wonderful counterpart to our valued North America and European wholesale distribution. Polo stores will likely become the brands primary distribution platform in certain international markets such as Asia and parts of Latin America, where the wholesale channel is less developed. Between those operated by us and those operated by local partners around the world, we have 13 Polo stores today with approximately 15 to 20 planned for fiscal 2015. We are testing a variety of store formats as we refine our approach to market before accelerating growth. Over the long-term, we believe there is an opportunity to have between 100 and 200 Polo stores worldwide, and with also concentration in international markets. Our second initiative is the global e-commerce development. In fiscal 2014, we achieved $500 million in revenues through our directly operated e-commerce sites. That milestone was achieved as a result of sustained investment in the business, including distribution centers, customer service centers and building out our international operations. Based on the high growth and the profit creative dynamics of the channel, we intend to continue investing in this space. In fiscal 15, we will begin a three-year project to upgrade our e-commerce operations by transitioning to a new global operating platform. This is a proactive investment to advance our ability to continue to deliver best-in-class online and mobile customer experiences, as well as leverage omni channel opportunities more effectively. The global nature of the platform will provide a singular way for us to manage our customer touch points and experiences across regions and channels ensuring a consistent brand experience worldwide. With the additional capabilities of a more sophisticated platform, and an expectation of continued double-digit growth for the channel, weve set our sights on achieving $1 billion in annual e-commerce revenues. The third initiative is accessories in general and leather goods in particular. Id like to provide some perspective on the excellent progress weve made with our leather goods offerings which include handbags, footwear, belts and small leather goods. Beginning with footwear, which we converted from a licensed to owned model in 2006, weve now spent two years reimagining our offerings and building the appropriate leadership, design talent and sourcing capabilities to elevate the quality and support our distribution and growth aspirations. We relaunched footwear in 2008 and have made tremendous progress since then establishing ourselves as an important player in the category. 2008 was also the year we assumed direct control of our handbag and small leather goods licenses. Weve grown the leather goods category at a 20% compound annual rate. As you know, weve made big commitment to the Ricky bag as our most iconic silhouette. The customer response to the quality and versatility of the product, and to our advertising and marketing efforts has been extraordinary and the momentum continues to build. In total, handbags, footwear and small leather goods represented a high-single-digit percentage of our consolidated sales in fiscal 2014. We expect leather goods to grow faster than the overall company for the next several years, supported by expanded offerings and increased distribution. Our initial goal is for leather goods to represent 20% of our consolidated revenues, a target that should also have favorable margin implications. The three initiatives Ive just highlighted make it clear that we have a lot to achieve. With this in mind, weve spent a considerable time developing and implementing the optimal leadership and organizational structure over this last year, one that we believe positions the company for continued growth and success. As you know, we recently appointed a President of Ralph Lauren Luxury Collections with global responsibility for the strategy, merchandizing, distribution and overall expansion of apparel and accessories for our mens and womens collection brands. Weve also made other important structural changes to our broader senior management group. These changes have moved some of our high performing talent into roles with more global oversight. This leverages their experience and subject matter expertise allows us to more easily and confidently apply successes in one channel or region to another and evolve the more regional orientation we had in the past. We have consolidated oversight of the Americas under one leader, which is consistent with how we manage our operations in Europe and Asia. This new structure should enable us to better execute an omni channel approach, more effectively leveraging our robust planning, allocation and merchandizing expertise. We also combined our sourcing and manufacturing operations with our distribution and logistics team, creating a fully integrated end-to-end supply chain organization. These changes are aligned with the progress weve made in other areas of the company, such as the creation of the global merchandizing team weve spoken about before and the more global oversight that Chris has instituted in finance and IT. We believe that this streamlining of responsibilities allows us to be more nimble and responsive as an organization and to operate with a higher degree of global consistency. This new structure will enable us to make faster decisions, drive greater operational efficiencies and build a more effective go-to-market process. The changes have all been well received by the organization and we are settling nicely into the new structure with Ralph, Chris and I spending the appropriate time to ensure that everyone is transitioning smoothly into their new roles. I am sure most of you have seen that Roger Farah will retire from Ralph Lauren at the end of May. We are enormously grateful for the leadership and dedication, Roger has provided over the last 14 years. In partnership with Ralph, he has guided the company to a period of tremendous growth in sales and profits. In doing so, he has built an impressive team and his characteristic balance of prudence and creativity is a legacy that is ingrained in our culture, and certainly in everyone he has mentored over the years. Roger, you are like none other and we wish you and your family all the best. The strength of the Ralph Lauren brand and the positive customer response to our expanding range of product offerings puts us in the best possible position to achieve our growth objectives. Before I turn the call over to Chris, on behalf of the office of the chairman, Id like to thank our global team for their contribution to our record fiscal 2014 results. As Ralph said in this mornings press release, their creativity, passion and diligence is incredibly invigorating and they are a critical ingredient in our ability to deliver sustainable, profit enhancing growth over the long-term.
Chris Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As youve seen in this mornings press release, were reporting strong fourth quarter sales and profit results today. Let me start with a brief recap of the quarter. Consolidated net revenues rose 14% to $1.9 billion, reflecting robust wholesale segment growth and strong retail segment expansion. Revenue was up double-digits in each of our geographic regions during the quarter. The revenue results were better than the expectations we articulated in February due to stronger wholesale revenue as we gained market share in North America and returned to robust growth in Europe. For the full year, net revenues grew 7% to $7.4 billion and were up 9% excluding the impact of discontinued businesses and foreign exchange. Gross profit margin of 56.2% was 310 basis points below the prior year period. The decline in gross profit margin is primarily attributable to the mix impacts from the integration of the Chaps mens sportswear operations, the mixed impact from stronger wholesale revenue growth and negative foreign currency effects in the quarter. Operating expenses rose 4% to $825 million, but the operating expense rate of 44.2% was 400 basis points below the prior year. We delivered substantial cost leverage on strong sales growth, which was achieved despite continued investments in the companys long-term strategic growth initiatives in infrastructure. Operating income rose an impressive 24% to $225 million in the fourth quarter, which was achieved on top of a 33% increase in the prior year period. Operating margin improved 90 basis points to 12%, which was at the high-end of the outlook we provided in February. Operating income of $1.1 billion for the full year of fiscal 2014 period was modestly above the prior year. Operating margin declined 100 basis points to 15.2% due to unfavorable foreign exchange and the mix impact from integrating the Chaps mens sportswear operations. Net income for the fourth quarter was $153 million, 20% greater than the prior year period and net income per diluted share increased 23% to $1.68. The significant increases in net income and net income per diluted share were achieved on top of strong double-digit increases in the prior year. Higher operating income drove the strong growth in net income and net income per share. The effective tax rate of 30% compared to 25% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 13 primarily due to a favorable discrete tax item in the prior year period. For fiscal 2014, net income rose 3% to $776 million, and net income per diluted share increased 5% to $8.43. Before I move onto segment level highlights, I want to discuss some changes weve made in our segment reporting. As Jacki mentioned, weve reshaped our organization structure to better support our long-term strategic growth objectives. Specifically, weve expanded the scope and reach of our centralized global shared service organization. We believe this change will increase productivity by enabling faster and more consistent execution against the companys key growth strategies. It also provides an opportunity for us to leverage our scale in a more cost effective manner going forward. As a result, weve organized key functions such as design, merchandizing, advertising, supply chain, finance and IT to operate on a global basis. And certain of those costs that used to be allocated to our wholesale, retail and licensing segments are now reflected in the unallocated corporate expense bucket. While this changes the financial information of our segments, as you see in this mornings press release, the change has no impact on the companys consolidated financial statements. Moving onto segment highlights for the quarter. Wholesale revenues of $983 million were an impressive 24% greater than the prior year period, driven by double-digit expansion for most merchandize categories in the Americas, including strong growth in accessories, the contribution from Chaps mens sportswear operations and double-digit growth in Europe. Wholesale operating income grew 25% to $296 million in the fourth quarter on top of double-digit growth in the prior year period. And wholesale operating margin increased 40 basis points to 30.1%. The improvement in wholesale operating margin was due to stronger profitability for core operations, which more than offsets the mix impacts from the integration of Chaps mens sportswear and negative foreign exchange effects. Fourth quarter retail segment sales rose 5% to $845 million, driven by growth in international operations and global store expansion, including newly transitioned operations in Australia and New Zealand. Excluding the impacts of discontinued businesses in foreign exchange, retail sales rose 7%. Our North America retail operations were negatively affected by the cold and late start to spring and the Easter shift from March to April, which caused traffic to decline during the quarter. Double-digit growth in our European and Asian retail sales was strong enough to overcome the pressure in North America. Retail segment operating income was $51 million in the fourth quarter and the retail operating margin was 6.1%, 400 basis points below the prior year. The lower retail operating income margin reflects costs associated with the companys global store and e-commerce development efforts and negative foreign exchange impacts. Retail operating margin was also affected by increased promotional activity in the U.S. where the promotional tenor of the marketplace intensified in the post-holiday period due to the unseasonable weather conditions. We anticipated a more intense promotional landscape when we provided our fourth quarter outlook in February, and our results actualized better than we expected at that point in time. Licensing revenues of $39 million in the fourth quarter were 10% below the prior year as mid-single-digit growth in licensing revenues for Ralph Lauren products was more than offset by lower revenues as a result of the Chaps and Australia/New Zealand license take-backs. Operating income for the licensing segment was $35 million, in line with the prior year period. Consolidated inventory was $1 billion at the end of the fiscal year, reflecting incremental inventory associated with newly transitioned Chaps and Australia/New Zealand operations and investments to support anticipated sales growth for existing operations and new store openings. We spent approximately $390 million on capital expenditures to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments during the year. Company repurchased 3.2 million shares of its common stock during fiscal 14 at a cost of $548 million, and returned an additional $149 million to shareholders via dividend repayments. In total, the company returned approximately $700 million to shareholders during the year. At the end of the fourth quarter, the company had $580 million available under previously authorized share repurchase programs for future buybacks, and we ended the year with approximately $1.3 billion in cash and investments. We are pleased with the strong fourth quarter and full year results, particularly with the accelerated top line trends. Disciplined planning and day-to-day execution enabled us to overcome meaningful foreign exchange and environmental headwinds and deliver higher profits even as we continue to make substantial investments in our global retail development and product innovation and in our infrastructure to support our long-term growth objectives. Now Id like to turn to fiscal 15. As we articulated to you in February, we expect to maintain strong revenue growth this year. We are increasing our investments in the business to support that momentum and longer term shareholder value creation. The key areas of focus in fiscal 15 include global retail development, infrastructure investments and increased advertising and marketing. With respect to retail store development, we plan to open approximately 40 to 45 new stores in fiscal 2015, a pace well likely maintain over the next several years. As a result, well incur substantial increase in pre-opening costs, particularly since our plans included a handful of large high-profile stores that are scheduled to open in the next two years. Among the new store investments is a dual-gender Ralph Lauren flagship store in Hong Kong, as well as flagship stores for the Polo brand in New York and London. This confluence of flagship store activity is important to elevate the brand equity and image, but puts near-term pressure on our retail segment, as stores of that scale has significantly greater pre-opening costs and a lower profit contribution early in their development cycle. With respect to infrastructure, the largest area of investment continues to be SAP implementation. In fiscal 2015, we will be completing the transition of our North America wholesale operations from legacy systems to SAP, and we will begin the implementation process in Europe. Based on the current scope of the SAP initiative, fiscal 15 will likely represent the peak level of investment for us. While we anticipate substantial SAP costs in fiscal 16 and 17, we currently expect them to be below 2015 level. Over time, we believe SAP will enable productivity improvements and procurement savings in addition to providing the company with a robust global platform for future growth. We also intend to begin a three-year project to upgrade our global e-commerce operating platform. Weve been operating on our existing platform for over a decade. While it continues to serve us well, we are proactively investing in capabilities that we believe will support accelerated revenue growth through increased productivity and improved conversion rates. Consumers are clearly choosing to shop more online and our objective with the new platform is to create world-class shopping experiences that place us on the leading edge of the industry. To do this, were moving to a more flexible platform, one that can better service a growing range of devices and enable more omni channel capabilities, as well as more sophisticated CRM activities that should drive stronger engagement, retention and repeat purchases. This initiative requires a mix of capital and operating expense that will likely intensify as the project progresses. Weve also planned to substantial increase in advertising and marketing. There are three main areas of investment, each of which is aligned with our core growth objectives. The first is incremental funds for Polo brand, largely to support the launch of womens Polo, the opening of the Polo flagship store in New York City and additional Polo stores around the world. Second main area is to improve our brand awareness in Greater China. Weve made excellent progress since opening the Princes Building store last year, and we intent to build on that with stepped up outreach and messaging, including activities surrounding Ralph Lauren flagship store opening in Lee Gardens. Final area of investment is for our luxury products, both to support the strong trends we are experiencing and to showcase our accessories offerings. All totaled, our planned investment activities represent about 200 basis points of operating margin pressure for 2015 compared to 2014, with global retail development accounting for about half of that investment. We continue to expect these investments to deliver a rate of return that is well in excess of our cost of capital and they are meant to support shareholder value creation over the long-term. With that as backdrop, Id like to review our initial outlook for the year, which was outlined in this mornings press release. For the full year fiscal 2015 period, we expect consolidated revenues to increase by 6% to 8%, led by retail segment growth. Revenue growth is expected to be primarily organic, as there is no material contribution from license take-backs this year and we expect foreign exchange impacts to be relatively neutral. We expect our full year fiscal 2015 operating margin to be approximately 75 to 125 basis points below fiscal 2014 level, due to accelerated investment in our strategic growth initiatives and infrastructure. Excluding the impacts of the incremental investment in the companys strategic growth initiatives, underlying operating income growth would be up low-double-digits for the year. Our fiscal 2015 tax rate is expected to be 30%. A higher level of investment thats flowing through the P&L is also reflected in our capital spending plans. We are planning approximately $400 million to $500 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 to support our global direct-to-consumer and infrastructure investments, as well as wholesale shop development for the womens Polo launch. For the first quarter of 2015, we expect consolidated net revenues to increase by 3% to 5%, led by retail segment growth, as wholesale segment sales are expected to be essentially in line with the prior year period. Our operating margin for the first quarter is expected to be approximately 300 basis points to 350 basis points below the prior year period, primarily due to higher operating expenses related to the timing of investments to support the companys strategic growth objectives. In addition, we will not be anniversarying the one-time gain on the Chaps acquisition that we had in the prior year period, which accounts for about 100 basis points of this decline. The first quarter tax rate is estimated at 30%. Our opportunities for growth are tremendous and our strategies are clear. We are focused on executing with excellence and are committed to being prudent stewards of capital and global brand development. The investments we are making in our long-term growth initiatives along with our new management structure are intended to maximize our sales and profit growth over the long-term. At this point, wed like to open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) One moment please for the first question. The first question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Omar Saad  ISI Group: Thanks. Good morning, and thanks for all the color heading into 15. Its really helpful. I wanted to ask you a question to maybe get you to elaborate a little bit on some of the realignments in the organizational shifts that are going on and the shared services, especially in the context of the recent announcement around Valerie becoming the President of the Luxury Ralph Lauren brands. Are you going to do something similar maybe with the Polo brand as its growing, and how it kind of all fits together and whats some of the benefits do you think are some of these realignments around the org structure? Thanks.
Jacki Nemerov: What weve done is weve really looked at our overall structure, and what our plan was to consolidate our viewpoint of all three regions. So Europe and Asia had already had a consolidated approach between our retail business and our wholesale business. We decided that there was value in doing that in the Americas, and in looking at the overall business in the region between North America and now South Americas in that world, and to be able to really strategize our viewpoint in an omni channel way. So to really look across our wholesale businesses, our retail businesses and make the best decisions as to how we should move forward in the region, rather than with a more siloed approach that we had operated under. So the leadership of that is under Joy Herfel, who has spent 25 years in our company and ran our Polo and childrens businesses, and has obviously run our biggest and most profitable businesses within the company. Reporting to Joy is Kim Roy, who is Head of our U.S. Wholesale business, also a veteran of Ralph Lauren and has been with the company for 11 years. Has done an outstanding job in building the world of Lauren and Chaps and has great visibility during that time for the  to strengthen the balance of our wholesale division. And Kim is often running in her new role. We also promoted and expanded Don Baums role, who was Head of all of Manufacturing and Sourcing. We really saw great benefit in combining manufacturing sourcing with supply chain, and Don now has full oversight of that end-to-end seamless execution from beginning to the end of process from distribution out to our stores and our customers. And we believe that there will be great benefit overtime in the seamless and view of that organization. Weve also had very strong success in our merchandizing organization by taking a global view in our product and our presentation worldwide. And led by David Rosenberg, we started with the consolidation in our mens merchandizing world and now we are expanding that based on its success addressing SKU count and a more cohesive presentation around the world to the balance of our businesses. And thats moving along quite well. Valerie in her new role is focused on our luxury opportunity. As you know, Valerie comes to us with tremendous experience. Spent her career in that sector, and we believe that there is great opportunity in building both our apparel and of course our accessory business under her leadership. In addition, we brought in Denise Incandela, who is now heading  came from Saks Fifth Avenue is now heading our online business. And we are very excited about having Denise on board, and the understanding of this space, both as a merchant and as a marketer, as you know she had the CMO role as well in Saks, and think there are many opportunities that we have not yet taken advantage of that Denise has really brought to the table. So, as we are looking at our entire organization and we are looking at the strength of that leadership and the past seven months that weve all been operating under this structure, weve already seen some very, very positive results. And our Polo brand is really built centrally designed, merchandized, marketed and then distributed in the regions, each taking that as a key centerpiece for what we believe the opportunities are going forward, both in Polo stores, Polo product expansion with womens and clothing for mens and of course with the exciting entry into the market of our new store on Fifth Avenue, which is expected to open at around Labor Day, and then of course the Ralph Lauren Restaurant that will follow that opening. So that kind of summarizes our leadership changes.
Chris Peterson: The other thing I would say, Omar, to your question is that, as were  really a lot of these moves are meant to globalize the company. And it starts with an underpinning from a system standpoint which is what the SAP project is about, which is what the e-commerce re-platforming project is about. A lot of the management moves that were doing are taking multiple organizations that we had acquired over the years through license take-backs that operated in silos, and combining organizations so that instead of doing the same job three times or four times, we do it once. And over time, what we believe and what were already starting to see opportunity for is we think thats going to lead to significant opportunity for cost leverage, which should result in SG&A leverage overtime as we get into the new structure and as we begin to leverage. It also should allow us to be more consistent as a brand across the world, and it should allow us to rollout faster new initiatives from an innovation standpoint. So were excited about it. I think were early days into sort of this globalization. And I think a lot of these themes are going to play out more fully when we get into fiscal 16 than in fiscal 15.
James Hurley: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti  UBS: Good morning guys. I guess two quick questions here. One is, as I think about the factory outlets in the U.S. I think those have been struggling with traffic for a lot of last year. And those are obviously very big percent of the U.S. retail comps. Can you tell us a little bit more about your thinking in that channel based on what youre seeing now, and if you think sales there turn back to positive in fiscal 15? And then Chris, you also talked about  obviously gave us a lot of good color on a number of initiatives that are baked into the SG&A guidance for this year. There was a lot of projects that have varying durations, and as we look at the longer term comments that youre making and think about our models which tend to focus on longer term for the Ralph Lauren company in particular, how you guys are thinking about maybe some of the payback period analysis that you did, or whether the EBIT margins can start to expand as soon as fiscal 16? Thanks.
Chris Peterson: Okay. Ill start with the factory channel. So in the fourth quarter, we saw actually very good growth in the factory channel in Europe and Asia. The U.S. factory business was down in the fourth quarter and that was because we saw traffic  again our fourth quarter is Jan through March, and the traffic trend that we experienced in the fourth quarter was down double-digits in traffic in that period, which had a significant impact in the companys comps. The encouraging part of that is that in the first quarter, to-date, the first part of April and May, were already seeing the traffic trends reaccelerate in the U.S. to the factory outlet channel. So were seeing not the same trend that we saw in January-March in the U.S. market. From a longer term perspective on some of the margin trends going forward. I think youre right that some of the things have different payback periods. So I would characterize if you wanted to parse it into two broad areas. The infrastructure investments that were making, whether it be SAP or the e-commerce platform, were likely to be in investment mode on an aggregate of those two things for a couple of years, because the e-commerce re-platforming is a two or three year project, where youre investing before you turn on the new platform. On the flipside, the Polo investments that were making, whether it be womens Polo or the flagship stores, the start of the rollout of new stores, we should start seeing and be able to report a much stronger progress on that as we get towards the end of this fiscal year, because well have experience in the market when womens Polo launches in the fall, and well began to get some initial reads from the stores that were opening. So its too soon for us to say how all of that nets together from a fiscal 16 and beyond perspective externally, because we typically provide guidance one year out, but thats a little bit of how we expect the underlying trends to play out.
James Hurley: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research.
David Glick  Buckingham Research: Thank you. Just continuing on that trend, I think the concern that were hearing from investors is that the operating margin has been down, lets just call it 100 basis points a year FY14 and then kind of taking the midpoint in FY15. Youve given us a lot of qualitative. I mean is it reasonable to assume that you could see at least some margin stabilization in FY16 assuming that the Polo initiative and the new store openings open as you plan them? And then second for Jacki. Just when will we start to see the Polo womens merchandize in stores? And I am curious what to make up the American Living appearance at Macys, whether thats a significant opportunity for you guys?
Chris Peterson: So I guess on the operating margin. Let me start with fiscal 14 just to make sure were clear. So in fiscal 14, the primary driver of the operating margin being down in fiscal 14 versus the year ago was foreign exchange. So if you took out the impact of foreign exchange on our profitability, our earnings per share would be up double-digits in fiscal 14. In fiscal 15, I think weve provided perspective around the impacts of the investments, which together account for 200 basis points of the operating margin pressure, which the midpoint of our guidance range is down 100 basis points. So if you looked at the operating margin excluding those investments, the operating margin would be up 100 basis points in fiscal 15. As I mentioned on fiscal 16, there is going to be varying impacts of these investments, because they have different payback periods. And well provide more color on that in our normal guidance pattern as we go forward.
Jacki Nemerov: On Polo womens, David, well start to ship Polo womens in mid-to-end August and the first impact will be in our retail stores over the Labor Day weekend, and in our wholesale customers approximately the same time. We are building beautiful shops as a backdrop for the Polo womens brand. We have a lot of confidence in that opportunity, and feel that, as I said we can get relation to what we are doing in Polo mens and which were fairly confident about that we can really grow that business and were really excited about our fall shipments for that brand. As it relates to American Living, as you know we had exclusively at J.C. Penny up until the time that they have their change in management. And for many reasons we decided to withdraw the brand from J.C. Penny. Interestingly, we had built it into quite a big successful volume brand for J.C. Penny and felt that it had that a great future and kind of put it on the sidelines until we could determine what the next opportunity might be. We had a great conversation with Macys and we decided that we would utilize the American Living brand in conjunction with their American Icon marketing strategy which incorporates Memorial Day into July 4 into Labor Day. And so we shipped the brand for beginning of April. And it has been a very exciting launch so far, and we are very, very pleased with the results. We have another concept package going in for holiday. And then I believe well determine how we build the brand and opportunity from there. And thats  as I said, its very early days at this point, but nice results.
James Hurley: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane  Citigroup: Thanks, good morning. Is there any sales pulled into Q4 from Q1 and thats why were seeing deceleration in the Q1 top line guidance, or just Q1 fiscal year 15. And is there a change in guidance as you conveyed today on the top line, I had noted that you were guiding high-single-digits for fiscal year 15 and now 6% to 8% it seems a little bit lower than that, so I was hoping you can reconcile that for us? Thanks.
Chris Peterson: Sure. So on the first question, I would say, yes. There was a little bit of shift in timing of the wholesale business. March and April are in a lot of cases viewed somewhat together. And so we do have a set of shipments that go out March 25. Some of those shipments went out a little bit early at the request of our customers, but it wasnt a material impact. One of the key drivers of that is Easter. So I think its probably a fair comment that looking at the wholesale business on a rolling basis as opposed to a quarter-to-quarter basis is a more accurate  is a better reflection of the trends in that business. And you see that in our guidance for the first quarter where we had very strong wholesale shipments in the January-March period, but in the April to June period, were effectively guiding wholesale shipments about flat versus year ago. Over the six month period, it will be a very strong wholesale pick-up. On the top line for the total company, yes, we expect high-single-digits. I think 6% to 8% is consistent with that in my view. So there is really no change in our thinking there going forward.
James Hurley: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Just to follow-up on that question. It sounds as if  even if we were to adjust for some of the shipment timing that you U.S. wholesale business is still running up very strong high-single, maybe a low-double-digit type of growth. Is that  first of all, am I right in thinking about it that way? And second of all, do you contemplate that sort of growth rate continuing as we move into the back part of the year? And for your sales guidance of the 6% to 8% for the full year, how much incremental sales from these new initiatives are contemplated in that guidance?
Chris Peterson: So yes, I would say that the U.S. wholesale business continues to operate very strongly. If you look at the sell-out of the business and our customers, we continue to gain share consistently in that channel. I think the other encouraging thing in our wholesale segment results, is as we talked about at the last call, we had made a strategic pullback in shipments primarily in Southern Europe on the specialty store channel. Weve now annualized that, and so were starting to see a return to strong wholesale growth in the European business as well. And so we had a double-digit increase in wholesale in the quarter in Europe as well. So I think the trends in our wholesale business broadly are very encouraging, and I think we expect them to continue. On the new initiatives, I think the 6% to 8% revenue growth is effectively organic growth in our view. There is no acquisitions in that. There is no foreign exchange in that. I think the womens Polo impact during the year is going to be somewhat muted, because were launching in fall, so well have a part year impact, and were replacing the Blue Label business. And so during the transition, I think we see opportunity, but I think we see even stronger opportunity as we begin to get into fiscal 16, as we really get behind the womens Polo line, and as we open more freestanding Polo stores.
James Hurley: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Liz Dunn  Macquarie Capital: Hi, thanks for taking my question. If Roger is listening, best of luck. Its been an absolute pleasure. And Jacki and Chris, thank you so much for all the detail, particularly quantifying some of the things like e-commerce and the amount of pressure that youre expecting next year on the operating margin. In terms of that 6% to 8%, I dont mean to keep hitting the same point, but does that imply that as we go forward perhaps beyond fiscal 15 that the 6% to 8% will accelerate or could potentially accelerate as some of these growth initiatives begin to really kick in? And then relative to the accessories business, are you Jacki, do you think that the progress that weve seen so far has been slower than you anticipated, or is it just one of these businesses that takes time to build and now youre finally seeing some signs that that growth is beginning to accelerate? Thanks.
Chris Peterson: Ill address the long-term revenue growth. So on the long-term revenue growth, I think our view is that wed like to try to target high-single-digit growth, sort of on a continuous basis, but in any given year I think we want to be prepared for mid-single-digit growth. And a lot of its going to depend on the macroeconomic environment, the timing of initiatives, the timing of store openings. But I think our goal, if you will, is to try to be a consistent high-single-digit type of grower.
Jacki Nemerov: On the accessory front, Liz, I think that we are pleased with our introduction, beginning in accessories in 2008 as that was not a core competence of the company, and we have made it one since in two critical areas, one being the luxury accessory business. And I think that over this last year, weve seen some great traction with the Ricky and continue to fuel that opportunity. Weve also had some great success with our Lauren accessory business. And we are seeing very nice growth in that brand as well. So I would say that in our whole leather goods category, weve accomplished a 20% compound annual rate growth. So, look, we always hope for more, but we are pleased with where we are and we think we finally have put in the right foundations to continue to build from.
James Hurley: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy  Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Good morning. I was just hoping, if you could follow up on the strength that you saw in Europe in the fourth quarter. Could you elaborate a little bit more about country specific regional trends that you are seeing? And then with the pace of wholesale growth there, should we assume that whether you are also seeing that type of double-digit growth in the fall order books? Thank you.
Chris Peterson: Yes. So I guess if I were to step back and talk about Europe for the year, weve pretty consistently grown our retail segment revenues in Europe, double-digits every quarter for the past year, but we saw wholesale really start to accelerate a little bit in the third quarter and then get to double-digits in the fourth quarter. And thats what allowed us to translate into double-digit growth in Europe in the fourth quarter, with both, retail and the wholesale at that pace. I think were at a place where we expect that to continue in terms of revenue growth going forward in a strong way. If you look at the trends within the region, I think were seeing the U.K. is probably the strongest part of our business, the GDP has improved there markedly. I think were seeing Southern Europe stabilize. So its no longer going down, its not necessarily going up, but its stabilizing. And I think were seeing some strength in the Scandinavia region in Germany and some stability in France. The other encouraging trend that I would point to in Europe is that, as weve invested in resetting the brand image in Greater China, particularly with the opening of the mens Princes flagship store and a number of the other luxury stores, were starting to see the Chinese tourist business in Europe increase at a significant rate, off of a low base, but were up very, very strong double-digits in terms of our business to Chinese tourists in Europe, which is helping to fuel the growth of that business right now. And we think as we open the Lee Gardens flagship store and increase the marketing and advertising spending behind Greater China, where we have a low awareness, we think thats going to translate through both in Europe and in the U.S. business.
James Hurley: Operator, were ready for our last question.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson  Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to ask another question on Europe actually and the Polo full price opportunity in particular. Given your store network over there, how many retail stores do you think the region could support overall? And you also mentioned the 100 to 200 store number for Polo full price being a little more weighted towards Asia and Latin America, but how do you really think about the allocation in terms of the regional perspective with those?
Chris Peterson: I think we see a big opportunity for full price stores in Europe. Were in the middle of prioritizing locations around the world and were doing it on a global basis. I think, we think there is both in opportunity in Western Europe and we think there is an opportunity in Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East for Polo stores. If you think about the allocation of that 100 to 200, I would expect that maybe we could have 20% to 30% of those stores in Europe over time.
Jacki Nemerov: Were excited also about our London opening on Regent Street for Polo, which we believe will set the tone for Polo in Europe.
Chris Peterson: All right. Well, thank you for joining us this morning. I think were pleased with the fourth quarter results that we have reported today I think. And were looking forward to coming out and talking more about it and following up with you. And please feel free to call Jim or myself with any additional questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - VP, Investor Relations Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer Christopher H. Peterson - EVP, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Limited, Research Division Robert F. Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead.
James Hurley: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. The agenda for today's call includes Jacki Nemerov, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will comment on our broader strategic initiatives and provide some merchandising highlights from the quarter. Chris Peterson, our Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who will provide operational and financial perspective on the third quarter, in addition to reviewing our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2014. After the company's prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions, which we ask that you please limit to one per caller. During today's call, we'll be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to be reporting exceptional third quarter results that demonstrate an acceleration in revenue and profit growth. You'll recall that we established aggressive sales and profit plans for fall and holiday, and we are proud to have met the high expectations. Our 9% revenue growth and 11% increase in earnings per share were achieved in the face of one of the most challenging holiday seasons in recent memory. Revenue momentum was broad-based, supported by strong trends across every major geographic region and most merchandise categories. Disciplined operational management enables us to deliver robust expense leverage, even as we continued to make substantial investments in our longer-term growth initiatives. We achieved quite a lot in the first 9 months of the year, including the successful transition of our Chaps men's sportswear business from licensed to owned, the integration of the Australia/New Zealand territories, the doubling of ralphlauren.com's North American distribution center and a smooth transition to SAP for several our most critical operations. Our year-to-date results confirm that fiscal 2014 is actualizing as the tale of 2 halves that we outlined at the beginning of the year. In the back half, we are delivering accelerated revenue momentum and we're leveraging our operational -- operating expenses while continuing to invest in the future. Our financial performance not only demonstrates the operational excellence of our global team, but also confirms the tremendous scope and breadth of the World of Ralph Lauren. We continue to be uniquely capable of servicing both the discerning luxury customer and the quality seeking aspirational customer. The continued growth of our men's, women's and children's assortments, reflects Ralph's ability to consistently deliver fresh interpretations of his iconic design sensibility. Women's was particularly strong in the quarter, with momentum across sportswear, dresses, footwear and the handbag categories, and we also achieved outstanding growth for Purple Label and men's and women's Black Label. Growing our global presence is an important area of strategic focus, so I'd like to spend some time on our performance by region. Beginning with the Americas, which account for over 2/3 of our revenue and where sales accelerated to double-digit growth from mid- to high-single increase in the first half, supported by strong trends in both wholesale and retail segments. This growth is particularly noteworthy, given the decline in store traffic and highly promotional environment of the holiday season. The diversity of our operating model, which is a carefully constructed mosaic of customized product assortments for each distribution channel, enabled us to capture share. Given the scale of the Americas, this growth is clear proof that our winning combination of terrific product, thoughtful planning and merchandising, and powerful brand presentation leads to sustained market share gains. European revenues increased at a high-single-digit rate in constant currency in the third quarter, fueled by the strength of our retail business. Our European wholesale operations reached an important inflection point in shipment trends for 2014 spring/summer season, following several quarters of strategic reductions and wholesale shipments to Southern Europe, we are now returning to growth. Before the financial crisis, Europe was a substantial driver of the company's sales and profit growth. We are pleased the region's economic climate has stabilized to a point where we feel more confident about returning to our pre-recession trajectory. At 20% of our consolidated revenues, Europe remains a significant area of opportunity for the company in wholesale and retail channels throughout the region. Sales in Asia also gained momentum in the quarter, growing at a double-digit rate, supported by the contribution from our newly integrated Australia and New Zealand operations, improved trends in Japan and accelerated growth in Greater China. As many of you know, Asia is an area of substantial opportunity for our company. Today, it represents just over 10% of our total sales, with Japan and Korea accounting for 70% of the region's total. Our focus in Japan and Korea is on reinvigorating the performance of department store concession shops. We have made good progress in the last few months by implementing read-and-react merchandising strategies and customer engagement initiatives. In Greater China, our focus is on elevating the brand's image by expanding our points of distribution. Over the last 2 years, we've tested a variety of comps in the region and we've gained valuable customer insight and feedback. The investment we've made in the new distribution has increased our brand awareness among Chinese consumers, both in the region and throughout the world, and we've begun to see a greater number of Chinese tourists visiting our stores in the U.S. and Europe. Next fall, we will establish our first dual-gender flagship presence in Greater China with a 20,000 square foot Ralph Lauren store in Hong Kong's prestigious Lee Gardens' shopping district. As flagship stores offer the most elevated and comprehensive representation of the World of Ralph Lauren, this opening will mark a significant milestone for us in the region. Based on the improved awareness we've established for the Ralph Lauren brand, in fiscal 2015, we will begin a multiyear plan to open Polo stores throughout Greater China. This is an important evolution in our approach to the market as we expect Polo stores to become a powerful catalyst for our anticipated growth in Greater China. The Polo stores' strategy represents a tremendous global opportunity for the company. We are already securing several locations around the world for this exciting new concept. You've heard me speak about the Fifth Avenue flagship store we'll open in New York City this fall. And today, I'm excited to tell you we've secured a 20,000-square foot space on Regent Street in London. In addition to New York and London, we expect to open several other locations in the U.S., Europe and Asia over the next couple of years. Our decision to accelerate the rollout of these Polo stores coincides with several important product initiatives. First and foremost is the debut of women's Polo this fall, which marks a major milestone in the brand's history. We are also excited to unveil a fantastic assortment of men's polo suits, suit separates, sport jackets and trousers this fall, as a result of taking the men's clothing license in-house. The line features the more refined, dressier aspect of the Polo brand's DNA and fill the white space in both the consumers' wardrobe and our offering. E-commerce is another very important area of focus for our company. The holiday season sales data clearly validates the customers growing comfort level with the channel. In the third quarter, our global e-commerce operations achieved high-teens comp growth, with our North American operations being the most significant contributor to that increase. Our newer Ralph Lauren international e-commerce and Club Monaco businesses are expanding even faster. Our international e-commerce revenues have grown more than 50% this year, with excellent trends in both Europe and Japan and clubmonaco.com is up over 70%. In the wholesale online space, where we have focused quite a lot of our attention, our performance has also been exceptional. Given the rise of both browsing and buying with mobile devices, we are enhancing our capabilities in that area, while also continuing to strengthen the customer experience online. The importance of our consistent investment in world-class advertising, marketing and public relations is undeniable, particularly in the current environment. Consumers clearly recognize that the Ralph Lauren brand signifies style, quality and enduring value and our communication strategies provide immediate call to action that generate sales. While we support our entire portfolio with the appropriate messages, I'd like to highlight 3 of our current campaigns. First is the star of our Ralph Lauren accessories line, the Ricky handbag. On our last call, I shared the momentum we were seeing from the global campaign for our Soft Ricky handbag. This is an effort that was executed consistently across all key customer touch points and that was supported by the complete alignment of our production, merchandising, visual presentation and sales teams. I'm pleased to report that the ongoing results have been tremendous and have, in fact, exceeded our expectations. The Soft Ricky has been extremely well received in our own Ralph Lauren stores, as well as our select specialty store partners around the world. As we hoped it would, the Soft Ricky has generated awareness and interest in our complete Ricky line, and has proven our credibility in the luxury accessories arena. This strategy continues into spring season, which 3 exciting new styles will be introduced: A mini version of the original Ricky, a two-tone Soft Ricky in 8 color combinations and a new Ricky model with a chain detail on the strap. For the luxury accessories consumer, who is always in the market for something new, these 3 new styles are sure to catch her eye. Next, the Olympics. In the coming weeks, our brands will enjoy extraordinary global visibility at the Winter Games in Sochi, where we are the proud sponsors of team U.S.A. for the fourth time. We wish our athletes the very best, and we thank everyone at Ralph Lauren whose hard work and dedication allows us to support their efforts and represent our country so beautifully. And finally, our sponsorship of Downton Abbey, which provides us with a perfect environment to bring our Ralph Lauren luxury brand message to the right television audience. While year-to-date, our performance reflects the consistent operational excellence of our teams, it is also the result of many years of careful planning, strategic decisions and wise investments that at times may have had a negative short-term impact, but ultimately made us a stronger and more profitable organization. We are confident that the investments we are making today in our growth initiatives, infrastructure and communications will continue to support top line momentum and create shareholder value for the long term. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen in this morning's press release, our third quarter performance reflects accelerated top line momentum and resilient operating profitability that were in line with the high end of our expectations. We are proud of these results, especially in the context of a shorter and highly promotional holiday environment. Consolidated net revenues in the third quarter were $2 billion, a 9% increase from the prior year period, with strong growth for both our wholesale and retail segments. Excluding the impacts of discontinued businesses and unfavorable foreign currency translation, revenues were up 11%. Revenue growth was broad-based, with the Americas, Europe and Asia all growing revenues by high-single digits or better in constant currency terms. Gross profit margin of 58.2% was 110 basis points lower than the prior year period, as unfavorable foreign currency dynamics and the mix impact from integrating the Chaps menswear operations more than offset improved profitability in our core business. Operating expense rate of 41.6% was 120 basis points below the prior year, as disciplined operational management provided strong expense leverage on accelerated revenue growth. Operating income was $334 million and operating margin was 16.6%, 10 basis points higher than the prior year, which was at the high end of our expectations. Net income for the third quarter was $237 million or 10% higher than the $216 million achieved in the comparable prior year period, and net income per diluted share increased 11% to $2.57. An effective tax rate of 27% in the third quarter was in line with the prior year period. The lower-than-expected tax rate reflects the favorable resolution of a discrete onetime item during the quarter. Moving on to segment level details. Wholesale revenues rose an impressive 14% to $840 million, driven by the strong momentum in our core North American merchandise categories, where we continue to gain market share, the addition of Chaps menswear operations and improved trends in Europe as we've annualized the rebasing of the business in Southern Europe. Wholesale operating income of $168 million was 16% above the prior year period, and wholesale operating margin increased to 20 basis points to 19.9%. The improvement in the wholesale segment margin was due to stronger profitability in core operations that was partially offset by the mix impact from the integration of the Chaps menswear operations and negative foreign currency effects. Our retail segment sales rose 6% to $1.1 billion in the third quarter, reflecting the incremental contribution from new stores, including the recently transitioned Australia/New Zealand operations and comparable store sales growth. Excluding the impacts of discontinued businesses and negative foreign currency effects, retail sales increased 10%. Consolidated comparable store sales rose 1% on a reported basis and were up 2% in constant currency during the third quarter on top of challenging multi-year comparisons. Comp growth was primarily driven by strong global e-commerce performance. We experienced lower traffic to many of our brick-and-mortar formats during the quarter, but the teams mitigated this pressure with exceptional customer service that drove improved conversion and higher units per transaction at most of our retail concepts worldwide. Retail operating income of $223 million was 11% higher than the prior year period, and retail operating margin improved 90 basis points to 19.8%. The improvement in retail segment profitability reflects the extraordinary operational discipline of our global teams and was achieved despite increased investments in new store rollouts and e-commerce expansion efforts. Licensing revenues of $45 million were 12% below the prior year period as higher licensing revenues for Ralph Lauren products were more than offset by lower Chaps and Australia/New Zealand licensing revenues as a result of recent license take-backs. Licensing operating income of $34 million was 8% below the prior year period. Consolidated inventory of $1.1 billion at the end of the quarter compares to $981 million in the prior year period, reflecting the integration of formerly licensed operations to directly controlled businesses and investment to support anticipated sales growth, including inventory for new stores and e-commerce operations. We spent approximately $81 million on capital expenditures compared to $78 million in the prior year period, primarily to support our global retail development initiatives and infrastructure investments. The company repurchased about 1.1 million shares of its common stock in the quarter, bringing year-to-date repurchase activity to 2.3 million shares or about $400 million. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion in cash and investments and our net cash balance was approximately $1.1 billion, both of which were in line with the prior year's levels. So a fantastic quarter by any standard and even more so when we consider the challenges of the shorter and highly promotional holiday environment. At this point, I'd like to review our outlook for the balance of the year. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue growth to accelerate and increase by 10% to 12%, with wholesale growing faster than retail. Foreign exchange and discontinued operations are estimated to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 100 basis points in the fourth quarter, with most of that headwind affecting the retail segment. Operating margin for the fourth quarter is expected to improve 50 to 90 basis points from the 11.1% achieved in the prior year period, as a lower gross margin is more than offset by operating expense leverage even as we continue to make significant investments in the company's strategic growth objectives. The fourth quarter tax rate is expected to be approximately 30%. For the full year fiscal 2014 period, we are raising our revenue growth guidance to 7%, which is at the high end of our previous range of 5% to 7%, due to stronger-than-anticipated wholesale momentum. Our revenue guidance includes an approximate 150 to 200 basis point negative impact from foreign currency effects and discontinued operations. Our new outlook calls for the full year fiscal 2014 operating margin to be 110 to 120 basis points below the prior year's record level of 16.2% and compares to our prior expectation of a 75 basis point decline. The change in operating margin guidance is driven by 3 factors: The channel mix impact from stronger wholesale revenue growth; the higher-than-anticipated restructuring and other charges; and incremental pressure as a result of the intensified promotional tenor of the U.S. retail landscape in the post-holiday period. While we experienced strong sales and gross margin trends on our core business in the third quarter, we believe that being proactively competitive with the overall marketplace will position us well for the start of the spring selling season. As a reminder, the primary drivers of the year-over-year contraction in operating margin are the successful integration of newly assumed operations, accelerated investments in our strategic growth initiatives and foreign exchange impacts. The fiscal 2014 tax rate is now estimated at 29% compared to our prior expectation of 30%. The net impact of our updated 2014 outlook keeps us in the range of our prior expectations, although we get there in a slightly different manner with stronger revenue growth, a slightly lower operating margin and a more favorable tax rate. We remain committed to investing in the growth initiatives that have supported the company's strong financial results over the last several years, and that provide us with a more robust platform for future sales and profit growth. While we are still in the process of refining our fiscal 2015 budget, I did want to provide some qualitative insight into how we are approaching the next fiscal year. On the top line, we expect significant contributions from a number of the growth initiatives we've invested in this year, such as the Polo and Ralph Lauren flagship stores Jacki spoke about earlier, global e-commerce expansion and new product development. Specifically, we expect the continuation of our strong momentum and our planning for revenues to increase at a high-single-digit rate. Fiscal 2015's consolidated revenue growth is expected to be retail-led with international markets and e-commerce providing outsized contributions to growth. There are several areas of incremental investment in fiscal 2015 that are expected to become important contributors to our growth over the next 3- to 5-year period. These include the global expansion of the Polo brand, continued investment in our luxury business and sustained investment in IT infrastructure. With respect to the global expansion of the Polo brand, we'll be investing on several fronts. First and foremost, we plan to accelerate our global store development for Polo. In addition to the Fifth Avenue flagship and Regent Street flagship locations, we'll be actively looking for locations throughout the U.S., Europe and Asia, including China, where we think the time is right for us to reenter the market with Polo product. We're also investing in broadening the Polo product portfolio, including the launch of women's Polo and the introduction of a men's tailored clothing line that we are now directly operating. As with other product launches and license take-backs, these will require incremental resources for design, merchandising, production and sales. We'll also support the Polo expansion strategy with increased global advertising and marketing to build awareness for the new stores and merchandise categories. For our luxury business, we're increasing our advertising, marketing and PR activity to support the opening of our Lee Gardens flagship store in China and also to drive the growth of accessories based on the success we have had with our Soft Ricky campaign. We will also be investing in the product by using finer materials and higher-quality manufacturing resources. While this will result in a higher cost of goods, it will allow us to offer even more compelling value to the consumer and to support strong global momentum we are experiencing with our luxury merchandise. Regarding IT infrastructure, we will begin the next phase of SAP implementation, which is focused on our European operations. We'll be starting this phase as we are simultaneously completing the successful implementation of our North America wholesale and global supply chain operations. Over time, we believe SAP should enable appreciable productivity improvements and procurement savings. We also plan to start a multiyear project to upgrade our core e-commerce technology platform globally. Our e-commerce revenues have grown at a 25% compound annual rate over the last decade, and we expect e-commerce to remain one of our fastest-growing businesses. This fiscal year, we invested $75 million in capital in ralphlauren.com's North Carolina-based customer fulfillment center, doubling the facility in order to support a doubling of the business from current levels. The global platform upgrade we are beginning in fiscal 2015 will require a substantial investment in both capital and operating expense. We were pioneers in selling luxury products online and have made tremendous progress in the last decade. As we build the new platform out, it will allow us to improve our omni-channel capabilities and significantly enhance our online and mobile shopping experience, ensuring that ralphlauren.com remains a world-class destination for our customers. We believe a more sophisticated technological backbone is a necessary enabler of sustained revenue growth, allowing e-commerce to become a more important part of our business. The investments we're making in Polo, luxury and e-commerce are consistent with our strategy to distort resources to high-growth, high-margin opportunities. While each of these areas of investment is expected to generate returns that greatly exceed our cost of capital, the near-term impact on operating expenses means that the fiscal 2015 operating margin will likely be below 2014's level. We'll be completing the fiscal '15 planning process over the next few months and we will provide a more detailed outlook for next year when we report our fourth quarter earnings in May. We are confident that we are making the right investments to expand the Ralph Lauren brand in a manner that maximizes our global sales and profit potential over the intermediate and long term. We have consistently made outside investments in the near term with an expectation that we would achieve strong returns as high-growth merchandising categories, channels and regions evolve in the future. You can see those returns playing out in the second half of fiscal 2014, which gives us the confidence to proceed with the next wave of important investments. Our Board of Directors shares our conviction, which is evidenced by the additional $500 million share repurchase authorization we announced today, bringing our total authorizations to $730 million. And with that, I'll conclude the company's remarks and open the call up for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit about this kind of mix. It sounds like your wholesale is accelerating, but retail has been such a big driver. Chris, your initial comments for next year sounded like retail is going to continue to be a big driver. But maybe there's some margin pressure because of the wholesale growth and it's obviously, at least, at the gross margin level. I think you made a comment about proactively -- being proactively competitive. Just help me put all this into context of what it means for margins looking out?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So I think in the fourth quarter, as we mentioned, we're expecting operating margin to be up 50 to 90 basis points, and that brings our fiscal '14 full year margin, operating margin, a little bit lower than our previous guidance. And really there's 3 factors impacting that. One is the revenue being stronger in wholesale than what we had anticipated previously, which does put a little bit of mix pressure because the wholesale business operates at a lower gross margin rate than the retail business. The second is we're going to incur a little bit higher restructuring charges than what we had originally anticipated. And then the third is although we had a very strong third quarter result in our core business, so if you looked at our gross margin in the third quarter, excluding the impact of -- the mix impact from Chaps and foreign exchange, our core business gross margin globally was actually up 50 basis points versus a year ago in the third quarter. We're just being a little bit cautious with regard to the environment we're operating, because what we're seeing from a competitive dynamic standpoint is an intensified promotional environment. And we want to make sure that in the fourth quarter, we work through our inventory plans so that we can convert in a strong fashion into the spring selling season. So that's really what's happening with regard to sort of margin dynamics this year. With regard to next year, I think we're still early in our planning phase for next year. And I would expect that next year, we'll see gross margin higher next year than we are this year. But because of the significant investments that we're making in future growth initiatives, at this point, we think it's likely that operating margin will be down next year versus this year, as I mentioned in the prepared comments.
Operator: The next question is from Kate McShane with Citigroup.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you could help us reconcile the rollout of Polo stores in China. It seems like most recently, the focus has been on the luxury end of Ralph Lauren in China, and now it seems there's a sooner-than-expected rollout of Polo stores in China. So can you help us understand what's changed there?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Let me start on that. So that's right. I think as we've taken the license back from the licensee that we had previously, several years ago, and we've rebased the distribution in China with closing 95 points of distribution and sort of resetting the brand image with opening our luxury store portfolio, we've been very closely monitoring the consumer reaction, both from an awareness standpoint and from a perception of the brand standpoint, not just in China through our store performance, but also outside of China as consumers are -- Chinese consumers are shopping when they travel. And so one of the things that we've been focused on is how is the Chinese consumer responding in our European business and in our U.S. business. And at least in the most recent periods, we've seen as a result of this resetting of the brand image in China, that, in the most recent period, for example, in Europe the Chinese consumer in Europe business is actually up 50% versus year ago. So we're starting to see the impact that we wanted to see from a consumer perception translate into increases outside of China when the Chinese customer travels. In the U.S., the Chinese consumer is now in the top 5 of our foreign customers that are buying in our stores as we're tracking that. And because of that, and because of the opening of the Lee Gardens flagship store that we have this fall, we think the time is now right where we've appropriately reset the brand image to begin to rollout Polo stores in that marketplace. And so that has been an active dialogue inside the company and is a decision that we've just made.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: And since -- let me add to Chris' comments, we are seeing that over 55% of the consumers that are Chinese consumers are actually shopping outside of China. So many of the important statements that we've made throughout the rest of the world, whether that's in Europe or in the U.S., we're starting to really see an acceleration of that customer. What we're also seeing is an important difference in the unit transaction with the Chinese consumer versus our more standard consumer that, that transaction is actually double the size of our standard transaction. So we're seeing that also as quite a meaningful opportunity for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of questions for you. Could we hear a little bit more about the change in trajectory? It sounds like you saw in Japan, in the quarter, I mean, obviously, the FX exacerbated an already challenging market there over the past few quarters, but maybe we could hear about a little bit more about what caused an inflection and if those concessions were actually positive and sustainable there. And then if I could ask one other question, it will be about the Polo women's opportunity that you talked about. Maybe if we can just hear a little bit more about that as an opportunity and how big you think that is and perhaps, how you see the distribution going for that. Is that a wholesale opportunity as we get through calendar '14 after you open the store later this year?
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Okay. I'll start with Japan and Asia, and then Jacki can comment on the Polo store, women's Polo plans. So in Asia, you're right, we did see an acceleration of our growth rate in Asia, specifically, and in Japan in particular. So if you look in Asia, our business was up, our revenues were up double digits in constant currency versus year ago in Asia, broadly defined. And in Japan, we went from a period where, on a constant currency basis, our sales were challenged to a period where our sales in Japan were up low-single digits on a constant currency basis. I think part of whats happened in the Japan market is, with the significant devaluation in the Japanese yen, we decided to take pricing back in May because we thought that it was the right thing for us to do as market leaders, to try to price to recover the cost impact of the yen devaluation. It takes some time for competitors to see what we've done and then to decide, whether they want to or not, adjust their pricing in the market. We think we're at a better place now having adjusted our pricing and having seen some of the competitors adjust their pricing. And so we're now at a point where that price gap that we established when we first took pricing is narrowing and is allowing us to return to a more normalized growth rate for that market.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: In addition to Chris' comments, we've put a task force in place around our Japanese opportunity. And we have solicited help from our very strong sales and merchandising teams kind of around the world to really build some of the very dynamic things that we've done in other parts of the world to help us really transition that business into what we believe is a wonderful opportunity. So whether it's the content or merchandising or store presentation, we've really worked hard to step up our game and we're starting to really see some nice results from that. In addition, on your comment about Polo women, we are actually doing a brand launch, both in retail and wholesale simultaneously. So our store will open in the fall season. And simultaneous to that, we will begin to ship Polo women in about 150 U.S. doors and then significant number of doors in Europe and in Asia, all simultaneous with this very unique launch. We previewed with many, many, many customers from all over the world, actually late December into early January, met with some very positive response to the line. And so that launch will be simultaneous in both retail and wholesale. We also intend to put an important marketing and advertising and PR strategy around that launch, around the world, doing something more similar to what we did when we launched our Soft Ricky. And so we will have a unified message around the world, around the Polo brand in general, and both Polo men's and women's.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffrey.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I just had a question on Europe. I mean, very encouraging that you see some of that strength return to that market. Could you just elaborate a little bit more on some of the regional nuances during the quarter and just how the local versus the tourist customer responded? And then secondly, if we think about the fiscal '15 top line guidance in the high-single-digit range, maybe could you just help us prioritize the rank of the potential sales growth rates from the key regions, so between Asia, Europe and North America.
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay. So I'll start with Europe. So in Europe, about half of our business is wholesale and about half of our business in retail -- is retail. And what has been sort of happening in Europe over the last 18 months as we made this decision, as we talked about 12 or 18 months ago, to proactively pull back on shipments in the wholesale channel in Southern Europe, particularly to the specialty wholesale customer which was, in our view, more at risk from a credit macroeconomic standpoint. During that period, we continue to see strong growth in our retail segment, but the decline in the wholesale business from the pullback proactively in shipments sort of mitigated that trend of European revenue growth over the last several quarters. In the third quarter that we've just reported, we've now annualized that. And so if you look at the wholesale business in Europe, we actually were up low-single digits in wholesale across the European region, and we were up double digits in the retail segment. And the combination of those businesses resulted in Europe on a constant currency basis being up high-single digits as the strength in the retail business is now coming through. So that's a little bit about what's been going on in Europe. If you continue to look at, geographically, at the strength of the business and the strength of the consumer holistically, I think we continue to be in a period where Northern Europe continues to be stronger than Southern Europe. But our view is that Southern Europe has stabilized now, so it's not in as tough a situation compared to year ago, as what we are facing 12 to 18 months ago. But certainly, the Northern European business continues to be stronger than the Southern European business. The other thing that we're excited about in Europe is that when you look out on the wholesale business at future bookings, the future bookings are stronger and auger for continued growth in the wholesale business going forward. I think the fiscal '15 in terms of the high-single-digit range was the other part of the question. So I think it's a little bit premature to talk about the specifics between Europe, Asia and North America. Certainly, we expect Asia to represent disproportionate growth, as a region, as we've opened some of our new stores that we've had in the pipelines like Lee Gardens and continue the momentum in that business. We continue to expect to grow market share with the plans that we have in place in the U.S. marketplace. And I think -- we think Europe is going to be strong because we think we're starting from a base now where we no longer have to sort of rebase the business. But we'll provide more specifics on the next call.
Operator: The next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: I'm interested in whether or not you see any potential for channel conflict as you rollout these Polo stores. As well as, longer term, what percentage of retail do you think will be achieved in the mix and what kind of store growth are you targeting?
Christopher H. Peterson: I think we don't see a significant channel conflict risk in the Polo store rollout strategy. And part of the reason for that is, I think, where you'll see us go with the Polo stores is we believe we'll have the flagship store on Fifth Avenue, which really sets the tone and the aesthetic of the brand globally, which we think will strengthen the Polo brand. But when you look at a lot of the other Polo stores that we're going to be looking at, they're going to really be focused on areas that are more whitespace to us. So if you think about China or if you think about parts of Europe or parts of the Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe, really, a lot of the locations that we're going to be going into are locations and geographies where there isn't a strong Polo distribution to begin with. And so it's not so much a conflict as it is an opportunity to fill out whitespace, I think, going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide some color on the performance of your e-commerce business in the quarter? And how should we be thinking about the return on those incremental investments? It would really be helpful for me if you could talk about that e-commerce penetration you've gotten where the targets are longer term.
Christopher H. Peterson: E-commerce in the quarter grew high-teens, which we feel very good about. It continues to be a channel where consumers are choosing to shop. I think the convenience of e-commerce and the brand experience that we have on our e-commerce site are really resonating with consumers. We believe that trend is likely going to continue. And so we're planning for e-commerce to continue to be a disproportionate driver of growth. It is a high-profit business in the U.S., where we have scale. So in the U.S., our e-commerce business is about 10% of our overall U.S. business today from a penetration standpoint. And the operating margin of the e-commerce business in the U.S. is at or above the balance of the U.S. business. And so we feel very good about where we are there. In Europe, we're at an earlier stage, so we're not yet as penetrated in e-commerce in the European business because we didn't start as early as we did in the U.S. This year, we're expecting the e-commerce business in Europe to turn profitable, but we still aren't yet at going operating margins because we are not yet at full scale. And in Asia, where we have just started e-commerce with really just a launch just in 2 countries, Japan and Korea, we're off to a strong start. But we're still in investment mode in those markets because we haven't yet reached scale. The other thing that may be worth talking a little bit about is we have a technology platform that underpins our e-commerce operation that the company put in about 8 or 10 years ago. And that technology platform has served the company very well. But as the e-commerce channel and shopping experience continues to involve, we believe there's an opportunity to upgrade that e-commerce technology platform to better service the consumer, improve the shopping experience. And so that's a multiyear project that we're going to be starting shortly here, that we'll talk more about over the upcoming calls.
Operator: The next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Could you talk about Denim & Supply performance U.S. and overall? Also can you comment on Club Monaco and what's going on there?
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Yes. Our Denim & Supply performance has been very strong, both internationally in Europe and Asia, and in the U.S. as well. We're rolling out both wholesale and retail points of distribution for the brand. And we're very encouraged as we continue to be a top performer in this space. It's a new business and there's an interesting learning curve. But the Denim penetration, which was something that we were very focused on has -- it's been quite impressive. And I think what we do in the tops and sweater area and outerwear area of the business are quite unique to this space. So we've really had a great acceleration in this brand that we expect to see continue. In Club Monaco, our businesses have been quite good. And we just, as you know, opened a new store in Fifth Avenue, which has been very exciting and a top performer in the company. And then a week ago, we opened our new store in SoHo, which is also off to a very, very strong start. So with the strength in the U.S., strong Asia business and a growing Europe Denim & Supply business -- I'm sorry, Club Monaco business, we're very, very excited. The business in Asia is a license business and we're over 100 stores in Club Monaco today. And we have similar plans for Europe, while we're in early and beginning stages as an owned and operated business in Europe.
Operator: The final question comes from Robbie Ohmes with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert F. Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jacki, can I get you to talk a little more about the Polo women's business? And how that will be positioned globally relative to -- well, I guess, in the U.S., relative to the Lauren business? You were talking about Denim & Supply maybe relative to the Denim & Supply growth on the women's side. And just help us understand how these different women's apparel, wholesale businesses you're doing will be differentiated globally.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Absolutely. Let me start with our Lauren brand, which is foundational today and the backbone of the department stores better business, and has had quite a strong year. And we're very pleased with where Lauren is and where it's positioned. While Lauren serves a broad customer, the foundation of that business is a customer who is essentially in the 35-plus area and who really looks for our brand and our style to supply her broad wardrobe, whether it's her daywear, her evening wear with a great success in our dress business. But again, very broad-based and it tends to be sort of the backbone customer in the department store. In Denim & Supply, it's a new space that's defined under the millennial umbrella. And in that space, as I said, we've really accelerated with our strengths. And in most cases, in that competitive space we're, now, kind of in a #1, 2 or 3 position. In our new Polo women's business, we tend to really see our competition there as a Burberry, as a Tory Burch in that of more contemporary sensibility. And while the line is defined through the iconic Ralph Lauren perspective, it is really appealing to what we see as a younger customer. It has a slimmer fit and the expression of the brand is very eclectic in the way we mix our pieces together and make it very fresh looking, and we think something unique in the marketplace.
James Hurley: Great. Thanks very much.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, all, very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Jackwyn L. Nemerov - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Christopher H. Peterson - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead.
James Hurley: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Jacki Nemerov, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will comment on our broader strategic initiatives and provide some merchandising highlights from the quarter; Chris Peterson, our Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial perspective on the second quarter, in addition to reviewing our outlook for the balance of fiscal '14. After the company's prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions, which we ask that you please limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Since this is the first call Chris and I are hosting in our new roles, let me take this opportunity to talk about the recent change in our organizational structure. As most of you are aware, we've created the Office of the Chairman that includes Ralph Lauren, our Founder, Chairman and CEO; Roger Farah, now our Executive Vice Chairman; myself as President and Chief Operating Officer; and Chris Peterson, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Office of the Chairman is a leadership structure designed to enhance the company's ability to support the growth of our business in an increasingly complex global environment and to allow us to capitalize on new opportunities that will drive the evolution of the company in the coming years. This new leadership team has a remarkable combination of tremendous and highly relevant experience starting, of course, with Ralph's unmatched vision, creativity and excitement about the future, and extending to this team's product and merchandising experience, operational discipline, global perspective and track record of leadership. Roger and I have worked both so closely with Ralph over the past 13 and 9 years, respectively, and Chris brings us all a fresh perspective, as well as his financial acumen and global operational sophistication. This collaborative structure will enable us to translate Ralph's extraordinary vision for the company into focused growth and long-term success. It is important to clarify that this new structure is intended to sharpen and deliver against, rather than change the company's strategic focus. Chris and I have spent much of the last 2 months meeting with our new team and visiting our offices and points of distribution around the world. We've come back from our travels so impressed by the exceptional talent that runs throughout our entire organization. There is no question that we have the right people with the knowledge, experience and passion to help us take this company to the next level. The diversity of the Ralph Lauren portfolio, the strength of our lifestyle positioning and our increasingly global reach are enviable assets that position us for strong long-term growth. As a leadership team, we are very excited about our future. And now shifting gears to the strategy. I'd like to spend some time today reviewing the 3 core pillars of our growth plans, which are building our international presence, extending our direct-to-consumer reach and investing in merchandise innovation. Let me take each of those in turn. First, the expansion of our international presence. We've articulated a goal of having the Americas, Europe and Asia, each represent 1/3 of our revenue. Today, the Americas represents approximately 2/3, Europe accounts for about 20% and Asia is a low double-digit percentage at this point. Over the last 10 years, we've made excellent progress on growing our global reach. International revenues have gained about 1,300 basis points of share in our consolidated revenue mix. The outlook for global growth is equally compelling as we focus on additional market share gains in existing markets and explore high-potential emerging territories, such as Greater China and Central and Eastern Europe. We're developing each market with the optimal mix of retail, wholesale and licensed distribution in order to maximize our opportunities. We'll support our global growth aspirations with world-class merchandising and marketing strategies that have always been both a defining characteristic of the Ralph Lauren brand, and an integral component of the company's success. Our recently created global merchandising organization is off to a strong start already, addressing local market needs across all channels of distribution, while simultaneously driving greater consistency across our assortments worldwide. We expect this consistency to deliver several benefits over the long term, including better leverage on our global sourcing, manufacturing and marketing efforts. Extending our direct-to-consumer reach is our second core strategic pillar. Today, our direct-to-consumer activities encompass a broad range of global retail formats, both physical and digital. Our physical Ralph Lauren, RRL, Denim & Supply, factory and Club Monaco stores, as well as our concession shops and licensed stores in Europe and Asia, showcase our brand messages and product assortment. And of course, we are excited about the launch of our Polo store on Fifth Avenue in the fall of next year, which will offer a beautiful assortment of men's and women's apparel and accessories and a restaurant. We believe that Polo stores are a compelling new way for us to leverage the powerful global appeal of our most iconic brand. On the digital front, e-commerce is another critical component of further extending our direct-to-consumer reach. This has been our fastest-growing distribution channel over the last several years, and we expect the momentum to continue as the consumer continues to respond to the convenience, selection and pre-shopping research capabilities of the online space. Because of the ongoing importance of these online stores, there has been an area of significant investment for us. During the second quarter, we opened a greatly expanded distribution center for our North American e-commerce operations, launched e-commerce in South Korea and are now transacting online in 10 European countries. We've invested over $1 billion in capital in our global retail development over the last 10 years, which has led to strong retail segment operating profit improvement in that same time frame. Looking to the future, we expect a growing portion of our capital will be allocated to our direct-to-consumer efforts, particularly as we see the worldwide appeal of our brand. We are simultaneously investing in the people and processes that will enable us to accelerate this growth over the next several years. The third core pillar is merchandise innovation. As you heard me say before, our products are the hallmark of our brand and the lifeblood of our business, and our ability to consistently deliver innovative products is one of our most powerful competitive advantages. The combination of Ralph's vision and the investment we've made in our world-class design, merchandising, sourcing and production talent is unmatched. The bandwidth of the Ralph Lauren brand and the desirability of our products have fueled strong multi-year growth. Consistent innovation has enabled us to intensify our leadership position in core merchandise categories and establish both excitement and credibility with new brands and product categories, such as Denim & Supply, our handbag business, footwear, watches and fine jewelry. Ralph has always believed in the combination of the finest quality, the most aspirational appeal and the most enduring value. Our women's Collection, men's Purple Label, luxury accessories and Ralph Lauren watches and fine jewelry lines are the purest expression of his vision. The intricacy of design and quality of materials from hand-beaded Collection gowns or a bespoke Purple Label suit to a crocodile Ricky handbag or our tourbillon movement watch, are now appreciated by our customers who recognize the craftsmanship behind these extraordinary luxury products. The magnificent store environments and global advertising, marketing and PR efforts, bring Ralph's spectacular world to life and establish the halo for our entire product portfolio. Our recent Paris fashion show, in support of the company's contribution to the restoration of L'cole des Beaux-Arts is the most recent example of our world-class brand coming to life in a unique and highly impactful way. And for those of you who may have missed it, I encourage you to visit RalphLauren.com to view the dog walk. The first runway show for dogs that was both an interesting way to showcase our fall Luxury Accessories Collection and a successful philanthropic effort for the ASPCA. This global effort has already drawn a tremendous editorial and social media attention around the world, with close to 140 million impressions today in broadcast, print and online, and over 10 million social media impressions globally. While sell-throughs for our entire product portfolio have been strong across most of our major distribution channels and geographic regions in the first half of the year, performance of our Luxury products was particularly noteworthy during the second quarter. The introduction of new products, such as the Steel Link Stirrup watch, the Safari watch and the soft Ricky Bag, each of which draws inspiration from our extraordinary design vocabulary and are quintessentially Ralph Lauren, have been extremely successful. Accessories will continue to be the main focus of our global merchandising, advertising and marketing efforts over the next several months. This fall, we had an impactful pop-up shop presentation for the soft Ricky in key wholesale locations around the world, from Harrods in London and colette in Paris to Saks Fifth Avenue in New York City. Our upcoming holiday campaign builds upon this momentum with a fully integrated product focus message behind our newest accessories icon that will be consistent across all key consumer touch points. If the women in your life does not already have a soft Ricky, we can't think of a better holiday gift. Our results for the first 6 months of fiscal '14 continue to demonstrate the strength and resilience of our diversified operating model. In the face of an uneven global operating environment, we plan the business prudently and experience solid results in our largest markets, even as we continue to make significant investment in the infrastructure necessary to support our long-term growth objectives. As many of you know, we have consistently made outsized, near-term investments with an expectation of achieving greater functional and financial leverage down the road, as high-growth channels, regions and merchandise categories evolve into the future. The consistency of this approach has allowed us to deliver strong shareholder returns over the last 3-, 5- and 10-year periods. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter sales and profits we're reporting today are in line with the expectations we provided in August, and I'd like to start with a recap of the quarter. Consolidated sales grew 3% in the second quarter, which was at the high end of our expectations. Excluding the impacts of discontinued businesses and unfavorable foreign currency translation, revenues were 4% higher than the prior year period. Growth in the Americas, Europe and most of Asia was partially offset by lower sales in Japan. Global sales trends were uneven during the quarter. July and August were slower as we cycled out of the more promotional spring/summer season, and trends were stronger in September as we transitioned into fall. Footsteps to brick-and-mortar stores remained challenging worldwide, although we continued to experience robust growth on the various online platforms where our product is distributed. Gross profit margin of 56.6% for the second quarter of fiscal 2014 was 220 basis points below the prior year period, primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency dynamics, the mix impact from integrating the Chaps men's sportswear business and lower profits from concession shops. Operating expenses of $789 million in the second quarter were 6% greater than the prior year period. The higher operating expenses primarily reflect cost associated with newly transitioned operations and continued investment in the company's strategic growth initiatives. The growth in operating expenses was partially offset by disciplined operational management. Operating expense rate of 41.2% was 110 basis points above the second quarter of fiscal 2013. Operating income was $295 million and operating margin was 15.4%, 330 basis points below the second quarter of fiscal 2013. Operating margin was in line with the guidance we provided in August. Net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2014 was $205 million, 4% below the $214 million achieved in the comparable period of fiscal 2013, and net income per diluted share declined 3% to $2.23. An effective tax rate of 29% in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 includes the benefit of restructuring certain international operations and compares to 38% in the prior year period, which included the net negative impact of a onetime discrete tax item. Moving on to segment level details. Wholesale revenues grew 1% to $928 million in the second quarter, primarily a result of the contribution from the newly transitioned Chaps men's sportswear operations and continued growth in core North American merchandise categories, which continue to gain market share. A planned reduction in shipments to certain European customers, lower Japanese wholesale sales and a shift in the timing of certain wholesale shipments due to SAP implementation, partially mitigated wholesale revenue growth during the quarter. Wholesale operating income of $202 million was 13% below the prior year period due to the foreign exchange dynamics and lower international wholesale sales. Retail segment sales rose 5% to $944 million in the second quarter, reflecting the incremental contribution from new stores, including the recently transitioned Australia/New Zealand operations, and growth for the company's e-commerce operations. Excluding the impacts of discontinued businesses and foreign currency, retail sales increased 8% from the prior year. Consolidated comparable store sales declined 1% on a reported basis and were up 1% in constant currency during the second quarter, on top of challenging multi-year comparisons. Positive comp growth of freestanding stores and e-commerce operations was more than offset by negative comp growth at Japanese concession shops. With the exception of e-commerce, customer traffic trends were soft across most retail formats during the quarter. However, the teams continue to mitigate lower traffic levels with exceptional customer service efforts that have contributed to improved conversion and higher average dollar transactions at most of our retail formats worldwide. Retail operating income of $135 million was 14% below the prior year period, primarily due to investments in the company's global store and e-commerce development efforts, foreign currency effects and lower profitability at concession shops. Licensing revenues of $43 million were 6% below the prior year period due to lower Chaps licensing revenues as a result of the men's sportswear license take-back. Licensing operating income of $35 million was in line with the prior year period. Consolidated inventory of $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter compares to $1.1 billion in the prior year, reflecting the integration of formerly licensed operations as directly operated businesses, investment to support anticipated sales growth and the accelerated receipt of inventory related to the SAP implementation. We spent approximately $148 million on capital expenditures to support infrastructure investments in new retail stores and shop installations. The company repurchased about 285,000 shares of its common stock during the second quarter at an average cost of approximately $176. $427 million remains available under previously authorized share repurchase programs for future buybacks. We ended the quarter with $1.4 billion in cash and investments. Included in our cash balance is $300 million of new bonds that we issued at the end of September. The proceeds from that offering were used to repay the euro bonds that matured in early October, which is why our consolidated cash and investments increased versus the prior year. Our net cash balance of approximately $835 million is essentially the same. Now I'd like to turn to some important developments on our strategic growth initiatives. We made excellent progress on our SAP implementation during the quarter. At the end of September, we successfully completed a major conversion of our systems platform from legacy systems to SAP. This latest wave represented about 1/2 of our North America wholesale business. We successfully converted millions of pieces of data, including materials, purchase orders, sales orders and inventory records with accuracy rates in excess of 99.9%. We went live on the new system in early October and quickly got to full operational capability. We'd like to thank the team for their extraordinary efforts and acknowledge the great partnership of our wholesale customers as we've executed this important project. With a series of successful codeovers [ph] behind us, we are confident in our approach to the conversions and are well on track to realize the benefits of SAP over the next several years. These benefits include more ready access to information, cost leverage through procurement savings and gross margin leverage through global merchandising. We also completed the integration of our Chaps men's sportswear operations during the quarter, and that business is now fully on Ralph Lauren systems and supply chain. The take-back of our Australia/New Zealand operations was also executed seamlessly, and that business is also fully operational on Ralph Lauren systems and supply chain. The successful SAP conversion and smooth integrations of formerly licensed operations were achieved while managing complex day-to-day operations and are great examples of the company's ability to execute with excellence. The foundational work that we've done in the first 6 months of the year is expected to be a critical enabler of our long-term sales and profit growth. We are pleased to be delivering highly resilient profitability in the context of these substantial investments, particularly with the global operating environment characterized by considerable political instability and fragile consumer confidence. As you will recall, fiscal 2014 was planned with increased investments in retail store and e-commerce development worldwide, the transition of certain formerly licensed products in-region to directly controlled operations and upgrades to our management information systems. Now let me turn to our expectations for the balance of the year. Based on the timing of our specific projects, we've characterized fiscal 2014 as a tale of 2 halves, with modest sales growth and outsized investment spending in the first half of the year, transitioning to accelerated revenue and profit growth in the second half of the year. Our year-to-date results have materialized exactly as we expected, and I want to provide some insight into why we are confident in the accelerated growth we anticipate for the back half of the year. There are 3 key drivers supporting our revenue outlook. First, we have good visibility in our wholesale orders for the balance of the year, and we expect them to be significantly stronger in the back half. Second, we anticipate greater contribution from new stores worldwide, including a larger benefit from the transition of our Australia and New Zealand operations to directly owned. Finally, we've seen strong customer reaction to our fall assortments in both our wholesale and retail channels. With that as backdrop, I'd like to review the outlook we provided in this morning's press release. For the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we expect consolidated revenues to increase by 8% to 10% with wholesale segment sales growing faster than retail segment sales. Foreign currency is estimated to negatively impact revenue growth by approximately 100 basis points in the third quarter, and will primarily affect our retail segment given its geographic business mix. Discontinued businesses are estimated to mitigate third quarter sales growth by an additional 100 basis points. Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be approximately equal to the prior year's 16.5%, as a lower gross margin is essentially offset by operating expense leverage. The third quarter tax rate is estimated at 30%. For the full year fiscal 2014 period, we are raising our revenue expectations to 5% to 7% growth, which is toward the high end of our previous range of 4% to 7%. Our revenue outlook includes an approximate 200 basis point negative impact from foreign currency effects and headwinds from discontinued operations. Adjusting for those factors, we expect to achieve high-single-digit revenue growth for the full fiscal year period. Based on the momentum we are currently experiencing and the growth we have planned for the remainder of the year, we have decided to intensify our investment in our global retail operations in the second half of fiscal 2014. This investment includes incremental spending on store operations and for our omni-channel efforts, in addition to more advertising and marketing spending. As a result, we currently expect our full year fiscal 2014 operating margin to be at the low end of our outlook, which called for a 25 to 75 basis point decline from the prior year's 16.2%, which was a record level for us. As a reminder, the year-over-year contraction in the operating margin outlook primarily reflects the integration of newly assumed operations, accelerated investments in our various our strategic growth initiatives and foreign exchange impacts. Without that pressure, operating income growth would be up low-double digits for the year. The fiscal 2014 tax rate is now estimated at 30%, down from the previous 31%, based on the favorable impact of restructuring certain international operations. We are one of the world's strongest and most admired brands and we are highly profitable and we have a strong balance sheet. The leadership team is excited about the clear and compelling growth trajectory ahead of us. Fiscal 2014 is a year of important investment for the company. We are allocating talent and capital to our most compelling, high-return opportunities and we intend to continue operating the business according to the clearly defined strategies and disciplined execution that are the hallmarks of the organization. Our expectation for accelerated sales momentum in the second half of the year is a testament to the growing desirability of the Ralph Lauren brand across an expanding range of merchandise categories and on an increasingly global platform. Improved sales growth is expected to be matched with even stronger profit expansion as we leverage the investments we are making in the business. We are confident that the strategic decisions and investments we are making will support substantial shareholder value creation over the long term. The board's decision to raise the quarterly cash dividend by 12.5%, demonstrates its conviction in the company's operating strategies and growth prospects. Now we'd like to open the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Jacki and Chris, congratulations on your new roles and in your first kind of conference call with your new responsibilities. I'd love to hear your take on the Polo store opportunity. I know it's still early. The flagship on Fifth Avenue doesn't open for a while, but I'd love to hear your vision for what it will look like, what kind of categories, price points, any sub-brands, the kids or RLX, kind of the long-term potential for that business. It seems to me that kind of Blue Label category has been mostly a wholesale business, historically, and the distribution expansion has been limited. And how do you view this opportunity as a way to take that kind of the heart of the brand there and expand it globally, and will there be any impact on your wholesale business?
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Excited to talk about this opportunity. As you know, you're absolutely right. The Polo store opportunity is a core strategy for us going forward. We opened our first Polo store, actually, in East Hampton this summer and met with outstanding results. Followed that, last month with an opening in the Short Hills Mall, the new Polo concept, primarily men's Polo. And in this case, women's Blue Label as over the next year we'll be transitioning to a new defined line called Polo Women's. That line will open in concert with our Fifth Avenue opening next fall, and we're very excited about that. So the categories will be men's and women's apparel. Our price points in women's, as you know our price points in men's, will be very consistent with our men's price points. So aspirational, exciting product but affordable and democratic in its reach and its audience. Our intention is to expand this concept globally and we already have a site planned and located in London, and are very excited about that location, as it is highly visible and heavy traffic. So we're really working hard on the new women's Blue Label line. It will be distributed for retail and wholesale. We're currently in conversations with our wholesale customers over new points of location within their stores, and we have met with a lot of excitement. That line will open over the next couple of months and it might be an opportunity to invite everyone to the showroom to see our new launch of Polo Women's, which we're obviously quite excited about.
Christopher H. Peterson: Omar, the only thing I would add is that, certainly, we see the Polo store rollout as a key plank in the company's growth strategy over the next 3 to 5 years. And we're looking very actively at real estate locations in the U.S., in Europe and in Asia to rollout the Polo brand. And I think your observation is correct which is, today, the Polo brand is largely distributed in wholesale, and we think we've got an opportunity to expand the distribution of the Polo brand given the strength of the brand and the desirability of the brand through a direct retail store rollout.
Operator: The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question is around the incremental investment that you highlighted today. I wondered if you could tell us a little bit more about where you're allocating that spend. Is it more towards Europe and Asia or is it more evenly distributed? And then how should we think about -- I know it's a little early, but how should we think about how this success towards fiscal year '15? Are you bringing any spend forward because of what you announced today and how does that impact spend for next year?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Well, first of all, with regard to the incremental investment, I would say that the incremental investment is really focused on 3 areas. The first is we're intensifying our investment in store operations. The second is we're focused on investing more money in some of our omni-channel capability that's directed against the retail segment. And the third is some of our marketing and advertising spend, where we're intensifying investment, based on some of the strong results that we've seen to date from the consumer response to a couple of our marketing campaigns, which I'll talk in a minute about -- I'll talk in a minute more about. We believe that this incremental investment is going to result in improved traffic trends and conversion for our retail stores going forward. And that's part of the reason why we're taking our revenue guidance up for the balance of the fiscal year versus our initial outlook. A couple of the examples on the marketing spend, just to give you a flavor, the first is we've -- for the first time, really, across the company, globally, come out with an advertising campaign around the Ricky handbag, the soft Ricky product, and we've coordinated that as a big idea where we've got it holistically supported in every market in the world. We have the product in our stores and we've -- are doing a holistic marketing and advertising campaign that's really hitting the consumer across multiple touch points. And we started to see that really resonate and drive an acceleration in our accessories business. And given the holiday season that's upcoming, we felt like that was a good one to continue to support and spend money behind going forward. The other one that you may have seen is, we have the Olympics that the company sponsors, which is coming up in Sochi in February. And we put a fairly significant effort behind an advertising campaign around Made in America, where the product that we're going to be rolling out for the Olympics will be made in America and we put an intense sort of advertising campaign and PR campaign around that product. So those are a couple of examples of where we're spending the money, and we're expecting to see a good return from the incremental investment that we see. With regard to fiscal '15, well, it's a little bit early for us to provide guidance on fiscal '15, we're just about to kick off our planning process. I suspect we'll have some initial thoughts to share on our next earnings call with regard to fiscal '15, and then we'll provide guidance for fiscal '15 as we always do at our end of fiscal year call.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. First, Chris, obviously, the noise on gross margins has been significant this year. I know you just said you're not -- we're not looking ahead to fiscal '15 yet. But as we think out about -- as we think past fiscal '14, how should we look at the gross margins? How much of that do you think you could start to recapture and maybe where will it come from? So when did the Chaps margin start to improve and when does the mix shift benefits you guys have start to override the current headwinds? And then secondly, can you talk a little bit more about Europe trends with the 2 businesses, where we're at on wholesale, and is that on track to still return to positive growth by spring?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So on gross margin, I'd say a couple of things. So the first is, if you look at the gross margin in the second quarter, the biggest driver of the gross margin decline in the second quarter was foreign exchange. That accounted for about 1/2 of the gross margin decline in the quarter. The second big driver in gross margin decline was the take-back of the Chaps men's sportswear business which, of course, goes from a license business, which has a very, very high gross margin, to a directly-operated business, which has a lower gross margin. So if you were to strip out those 2 elements, the gross margin this year was actually not down nearly as much as what the reported numbers would be. To your point on where we go going forward, I do think that we believe that gross margin can grow over the next 3 to 5 years versus where we are today, and there's a couple of reasons for that. I think as the business shifts more from a wholesale business to a retail business, that tends to have a positive mix effect on gross margin because, obviously, our gross margins in our retail business are higher than our gross margins in our wholesale business. The second thing I would say is that as our business shifts to stronger growth internationally, that international growth tends to come with higher gross margins because of the price points, particularly in Asia, tend to be higher with higher gross margins than they are in the core U.S. business. And then the third thing I would say is, some of the product categories that we're focused on, particularly the accessories product category, as that business continues to grow faster than the balance of the merchandise categories, can have a positive gross margin mix effect. So I think we're dealing with a couple of isolated events this year. But I think over our planning horizon, over the next 3 to 5 years, we expect some of the broader mix drivers to begin to take hold. And then on Europe, I would say on Europe that -- we were fairly encouraged in the quarter on Europe. And the reason we're fairly encouraged that the quarter on Europe is because about half of our business in Europe is wholesale now and about half of our business is retail. The retail including both our full-priced stores, our e-commerce business and our outlet business. And if you look within the European revenue results, what you would see is that our retail business in Europe in the second quarter was up double digits on revenue. And our wholesale business, we had planned to be down in the quarter, which largely offset the retail growth during the quarter, because we had proactively pulled back on shipments into the wholesale channel as we wanted to reduce our exposure from an inventory standpoint from some of the specialty stores, particularly in Southern Europe. As we look to the back half of the year, we're expecting the wholesale business in Europe, in the back half of the year, to be up versus year ago. So we now think that we have cycled through that planned pullback in shipments into the European wholesale channel.
Operator: The next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: A question on capital allocation and leverage. You announced a nice increase in the dividend today. It does appear you have excess cash balance and certainly some balance sheet capacity to borrow. You just refinanced one of your issues. And some of the feedback we got from investors is that there's potential to more meaningfully increase the dividend, more meaningfully increase share buybacks. As someone relatively new to the team, is that one of your strategies to be more aggressive in utilizing the balance sheet and returning more cash to shareholders?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. I would say a couple of things. In fact, we just had discussion on the capital structure with the board earlier this week. But I would say, our strategy on capital is, first and foremost, we want to make sure that we're fully funding investments into the organic growth of the business going forward, and that will always be our sort of top priority. Beyond that, we believe the company is going to generate excess cash that we intend to return to shareholders. And I think that the decision by the board to increase the dividend this quarter is a reflection of that fact that we are committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. I don't think that we have a strategy of trying to hold excess cash on our balance sheet. And as -- if you look over the past couple of years, we've tended to repurchase anywhere from $400 million to $500 million of stock a year and I think we planned to continue that trend as well. From a debt ratings standpoint, I think we like being about in the single A tolerance area, which is where our current ratings are. And so I would expect our strategy on, from a credit rating standpoint, to be relatively consistent. I wouldn't expect a change in strategy there. And then the final thing I would say that we're managing along with many other companies is not all of the cash on our balance sheet is in the U.S. We have a mix of cash that's in the U.S. and a mix of cash that's outside of the U.S. And obviously, the cash that's outside of the U.S., we believe, is better used investing in growth opportunities outside the U.S. rather than bringing back into the U.S. at this point, given the tax friction that would be created from that.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffrey.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a question on Asia. The concession seemed to be still a little bit of a headwind. Can you just contextualize some of the pressure points in the key markets there? Is it more macro, is it more competitive environment changes? And then in particular in Japan, can you just maybe parse out how the Denim & Supply stores versus the Ralph Lauren stores are performing? And then I guess as it relates to the acceleration in growth in Q3, what are your expectations around the Asian markets there?
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay. I'll start with Asia. And I guess what I would say on Asia is, if you looked at the Asian revenue results, excluding Japan, the company revenue was up double digits in the second quarter. The Japan business was down significantly, and really there were 2 things that were driving that revenue decline in Japan. The first, as many of you have been following, is the Japanese government has embarked on a macroeconomic strategy of weakening their currency with the attempt to accelerate GDP growth in the region. The currency impact year-over-year in Japan to the company was greater than a 20% drop from a translation standpoint in the sales results in the Japanese market for us. So that was kind of a first impact that hit us in Japan. I think as we talked previously, we have priced to try to recover some of that, but not all of that currency impact. The second big driver that's impacted us in Japan in the second quarter is that the traffic trends in the department stores continue to be challenging, and our business today is heavily weighted in the department stores. So the vast majority of our business in Japan is in the department stores. What we're trying to do there in the market is both reinvigorate our growth in the department stores and try to create a little bit more of a direct-to-consumer model with the launch of e-commerce and with the opening of some of our freestanding stores. You mentioned Denim & Supply, and I think we've got a handful of Denim & Supply stores open now in Japan. It's a little early to tell fully the results because it's still a new brand that we're driving brand awareness, but we're off to an encouraging start in the Denim & Supply stores in Japan.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: We have a couple of new stores that opened. Our store on Cat Street, which is near the Omotesando District. And most recently about a month ago, we opened our Denim & Supply store in Osaka, and that has met with outstanding results. So we're very encouraged in terms of the Japanese consumer, both loving our RRL brand, which is a cornerstone of authenticity and has been wildly successful in that market, and now followed by Denim & Supply, which is we feel we're off to a very good start in that market.
Operator: The final question comes from Dave Weiner with Deutsche Bank.
David Weiner - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to ask about, earlier in the call when you started the call, you talked about some of your long-term initiatives, which was pretty helpful. I guess, I was wondering if you could maybe, without speaking exclusively to guidance to next year, but just over time over the next several years, talk about how you think about sales and earnings growth? I think in the past you've talked about historic trends in the 10% to 11% range for sales and more like mid-teens for EPS growth. Is that still kind of how you think about this business given all the transitions that are happening kind of over the long term?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. I guess I would say a couple of things on that. So I think if you look back over the last 10 years, the numbers you're talking about of 10% to 11% revenue growth and mid-teens EPS growth is, historically, what the company has delivered over that time period. I think if you look over the last 10 years, part of what's characterized the company's growth has been the take-back of significant license businesses, which have added to the top line. I think the path going forward is going to be a little bit different than the path that the company has come on over that last 10-year period, because the path going forward is going to be more about growth through the strategies that we have articulated, direct-to-consumer, international expansion and product and merchandise category innovation. So I think we haven't provided long-term guidance in terms of what we expect over the next 3 to 5 years. But certainly, we anticipate delivering results going forward that we believe will be very competitive in the industry and we believe will lead to shareholder value creation.
James Hurley: Great. Are there any additional questions, operator?
Operator: We have no further questions.
Christopher H. Peterson: All right. Thank you very much.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Christopher H. Peterson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Faye I. Landes - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ralph Lauren First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will provide an overview of the quarter; Chris Peterson, our Chief Financial Officer will provide operational and financial perspective on the first quarter, in addition to reviewing our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2014; and Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide merchandising highlights and comment on some broader strategic initiatives. After the company's prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter results that we are reporting today continue to demonstrate the resilience of our diversified operating model. Despite an uneven global operating environment, we planned the business prudently and continued to make significant investments in our long-term growth objectives and in the infrastructure to support them. Ralph and I are proud of our team's accomplishments, especially since we made important progress on several of our key initiatives during the quarter. We expect our recent investments in new stores, e-commerce operations and international expansion to continue to accelerate sales and profit momentum in the second half of the year. And we are confident that the investments we are making today can support profitable, sustained growth for us over the long-term. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris, who will provide some operational and financial perspectives on the first quarter.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter sales and profits we're reporting today are slightly better than we expected, and I'd like to start with a recap of the financial results. Consolidated sales grew 4% in the first quarter. Excluding the impacts of discontinued businesses and unfavorable foreign currency translations, revenues were 6% higher than the prior-year period. This was slightly better than the low single-digit growth we anticipated due to better-than-expected wholesale revenues in North America and Europe. The cold and late start to spring resulted in sales trends that were somewhat choppy throughout the period, with business strengthening when weather conditions were more seasonally appropriate. While traffic to brick-and-mortar stores was challenging, growth in e-commerce continued to be very strong for both our Retail and Wholesale segments. Gross profit for the first quarter of fiscal 2014 increased 1% to $1 billion. Gross profit margin of 60.7% was 160 basis points below the prior-year period due to the integration of the Chaps men's sportswear operations and unfavorable foreign currency dynamics. Operating expenses of $728 million in the first quarter were 4% greater than the prior-year period. The higher operating expenses primarily reflect overall business expansion, costs associated with newly transitioned operations and continued investment in the company's strategic growth initiatives and infrastructure, all of which was partially offset by disciplined operational management. We also had a $16 million gain on the acquisition of the Chaps men's sportswear license. This onetime gain was included in the first quarter and full year outlook we provided in May and will mostly be amortized in subsequent quarters. Operating expense rate of 44% was 10 basis points above the first quarter of fiscal 2013. Operating income of $276 million was 5% below the prior year due to higher operating expenses related to the timing of investments in the company's strategic growth objectives, the Chaps integration and negative FX impacts. Operating margin was 16.7%, 160 basis points below the first quarter of fiscal 2013. The operating margin results were better than the 200 to 250 basis point contraction we anticipated back in May due to stronger-than-expected productivity gains in certain areas of the organization. Net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2014 was $181 million, 7% below the $193 million achieved in the comparable period of fiscal 2013. And net income per diluted share declined 4% to $1.94. EPS of $1.94 was better than we anticipated due to higher revenue and stronger profit flow-through, a testament to the operational excellence of our teams who are still contending with a relatively challenging global retail landscape during the quarter. Moving on to segment level details. Wholesale sales grew 6% to $735 million in the first quarter, primarily a result of the contribution from the newly transitioned Chaps men's sportswear operations and continued growth in core North American merchandise categories, which continue to gain market share. Product-wise, Women's wear and accessories were the most important contributors to Wholesale revenue growth in the quarter. A planned reduction in shipments to certain European customers and the transition of certain Japanese wholesale distribution to directly operated concession shops partially mitigated wholesale revenue growth during the quarter. Wholesale operating income of $154 million was in line with the prior-year period, as improved profitability in North America was more than offset by lower international profits and Chaps transition costs. Retail segment sales rose 3% to $879 million in the first quarter, reflecting the incremental contribution from new stores and strong growth for e-commerce operations. Excluding the impacts of discontinued businesses and foreign currency, Retail sales increased 6% from the prior year. Consolidated comparable store sales declined 1% on a reported basis and were up 1% in constant currency during the first quarter, on top of relatively challenging multi-year comparisons. We estimate that the earlier timing of Easter this year negatively impacted our comp growth by approximately 2%. With the exception of e-commerce, customer traffic trends were soft across most Retail formats during the quarter. However, strategic marketing efforts, along with the investments we've made in in-store technology and customer service, enabled us to mitigate lower traffic levels with improved conversion and UPTs at most of our retail formats worldwide. Comp store sales were stronger at directly owned Ralph Lauren factory and e-commerce operations and weaker at concession shops in Asia. Retail operating income of $160 million was 11% below the prior-year period, as costs associated with the company's global store and e-commerce development efforts and foreign currency effects were only partially offset by disciplined operational management. Licensing revenues of $39 million were 8% below the prior-year period as lower Chaps-related licensing revenues offset higher apparel and fragrance royalties for Ralph Lauren products. Licensing operating income of $29 million was in line with the prior-year period. Consolidated inventory was up 9% at the end of the quarter, largely due to the newly acquired Chaps business and new store openings. We spent approximately $66 million on capital expenditures to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. Free cash flow of $229 million in the first quarter was 11% greater than the prior-year period. The company repurchased about 850,000 shares of its common stock during the first quarter for an average cost of approximately $176, utilizing $150 million of authorized share repurchase programs. At the end of the quarter, the company had $427 million available under previously authorized share repurchase programs for future buybacks, and we ended the quarter with $1.4 billion in cash and investments. We made important progress on several initiatives during the first quarter. We completed the pilot conversion wave of SAP. This included global product procurement and North American Wholesale operations for a group of pilot brands and involves transferring millions of pieces of data, including inventory, purchase orders, sales orders and accounts receivable from legacy systems to SAP. The pilot implementation went very well with data conversion rates between 99% and 100%, and we are now fully on to SAP for the pilot brands. Based on the pilot's success, we are proceeding with the next wave of implementation later this quarter, which transitions a more meaningful portion of the company's brands and merchandise categories. As we articulated last quarter, we are taking a staggered approach to systems conversion in order to proactively manage the risk profile of the project. Over time, we believe SAP will yield productivity improvements and procurement savings in addition to providing the company with a stronger platform for future growth. The integration of the formally licensed Chaps men's sportswear operations has also gone smoothly. We worked on an accelerated basis over the last few months to take this business in-house since it is an important component of the overall Chaps brand. In a short period of time, we've successfully on-boarded about 50 new employees and established dedicated warehousing and distribution capabilities to support the business. We're now at a point where we are migrating from a costly transition services agreement to a wholly integrated and directly managed model. At the beginning of July, we assumed direct control of Ralph Lauren operations in Australia and New Zealand from our former licensee. As a result of the license take-back, we've integrated approximately 300 new employees, 13 stores and 20 shop-in-shops across the 2 countries. Although we have already incurred some upfront costs associated with the transition, the full financial impact of managing Australia and New Zealand will be reflected in our results beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2014. It's clearly been a productive start to the year. Before I review our outlook for the balance of 2014, I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results demonstrate that despite the formidable challenge of a cold and late start to spring around the world, we had a good spring-summer season and we're able to exceed our sales and profit plans for the quarter. The balance and diversity of our merchandise assortments, as well as the lifestyle positioning of our brand, which tends to emphasize a total sensibility over a single item, allowed us to offset softness in certain seasonal classifications such as knits and sandals, with strong performance in other categories such as dresses and denim. In addition to strong performance for the Ralph Lauren brand, the Chaps brand also had a fantastic quarter across a wide range of merchandise categories. As Chris mentioned, the integration of the Chaps men's sportswear business into our organization went smoothly and is, in fact, one of the fastest transitions we've ever executed. Chaps is $1 billion brand at retail with representation in over 40 merchandise categories, and we're excited about the growth it represents for the future. With direct control of the largest and most strategically important merchandise categories, we believe that we can further enhance the clarity and consistency of the brand to drive even stronger productivity gains and achieve merchandising and marketing synergies with our customers. The success of Chaps in North America over the last several years is a clear demonstration of the enduring value of trusted brands that deliver consistent quality and great value. In order to more fully leverage the power of this brand, we are building a plan to expand the distribution of Chaps around the world. I'm pleased to share with you that we have an agreement with a distribution partner in Mexico to launch Chaps in that market in both retail and wholesale locations next spring. This is the first step in an exciting new journey for Chaps, and we've received tremendous interest from other potential partners around the world, so there will be more to come on future calls. Now I'd like to spend some time on exciting developments on 2 of our strategic initiatives. The first being the evolution of our omni-channel approach to servicing the customer, and the second being an update on some of our non-apparel merchandise categories. With regard to the omni-channel, you already know that developing our worldwide direct-to-consumer presence is one of the most important long-term strategic growth objectives. We've invested substantial amounts of capital and operating expense to build both retail stores and online shopping experiences that are unique to our brands and distinctive to the consumer. During the quarter, we opened 2 high-profile Ralph Lauren retail locations in China, a spectacular 10,000 square-foot Men's flagship store in central Hong Kong, with an impactful 6-story facade and a 5,800 square-foot Men's and Women's store at L'Avenue in Shanghai, which is a new first-class retail and office complex. Both stores will showcase our luxury apparel and accessories in a powerful way. China is one of the company's largest and most compelling long-term growth opportunities. And the foundation of our strategy is a retail expansion that will require significant investment in both stores and e-commerce capabilities in order for us to be properly positioned in the market. As you know from our approach in the U.S. and Europe, our stores, both physical and virtual, are critical expressions of our brand, so the decisions we make in China are extremely important to the future of our luxury business. Last quarter, we spoke briefly about retail strategy for our Polo brand that would allow us to more fully represent that aesthetic across men's, women's and children's merchandise. We believe that a dedicated retail expression for the full breadth of the Polo brand will allow us to better serve a diverse customer base. Our existing luxury retail stores offer a smaller assortment of Polo and only for men, and those locations attract a customer who's really drawn to our Black Label and Purple Label products. The creation of dedicated Polo stores will provide the right environment in which to represent the sensibility of this powerful brand, with a full product line across not only men's, but also women's and children's. Given the broad appeal of the Polo brand, we believe that there's potential for these stores in many locations around the world. We opened the first dedicated Polo store in East Hampton during the first quarter and it's off to a great start. As we embark on the first phase of a multi-year plan to leverage the tremendous global demand for our Polo brand, several more retail projects are planned around the world, including a 35,000 square foot flagship on Fifth Avenue in New York. We are also excited about the continued global development of our Denim & Supply brand. We opened 2 Denim & Supply stores in the United States during the quarter, one on University Place in New York City and the other on Newbury Street in Boston. They joined a fleet of 15 other Denim & Supply retail stores, 8 in Europe and 7 Asia, and complement our worldwide wholesale distribution. Denim & Supply is a relatively new brand that resonates with the 20-something millennial audience. The product is fresh and distinctive, but grounded in the quality and the authenticity of Ralph Lauren. As far as the brand has come in its first 2 years, we believe there is considerable room for additional stores. In another aspect of our plan to fortify our omni-channel approach, we're on track to launch e-commerce in South Korea later this fall, which will represent the 14th country in which we are e-commerce-enabled. We have invested in e-commerce-capable distribution centers in Italy, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Seoul to support additional ship-to markets throughout Europe and Asia. We will also be opening our greatly expanded distribution center supporting our North American e-commerce operations this fall. Over the last year, we've invested about $75 million in capital to build a facility that can support the doubling of that business. Because we view our retail stores and e-commerce sites as not only important commercial ventures but also valuable branding vehicles for us, we believe it is imperative that both merchandising and marketing messages be aligned. To ensure this, we've invested in the technology and the distribution logistics capabilities that allow us to integrate and leverage the unique power of our product distribution, our inventory and our brand messages. Today, a customer in one of our stores works with a well-trained sales associate who uses an iPad to easily and quickly offer additional options that he or she knows are available online but that the customer is not seeing right there in that particular store. That additional option could be as simple as a size or a color or it could be a style or a label not sold in that location. The combination of sales associates who are knowledgeable across the entire portfolio of our products and technology that enables easy access to a single pool of shared inventory is a winning formula. The customer's experience is richer and more dynamic, and our productivity and profit margins are stronger. And of course, as technology and distribution capabilities have evolved, so, too, has the customer -- the consumer behavior, and we know that the customer explores, browses and shops our brand across these channels and that their expectation is one of alignment and seamlessness. We are very focused on servicing and delighting our customers wherever they choose to shop for Ralph Lauren. To that end, the investment we're making in our customer intelligent platform is focused on realizing a holistic view of our customers, so we can service them in a brand-centric, channel-agnostic manner in real time. Our omni-channel thought process extends beyond our directly operated retail business. Over the past several years, we've architected and executed a highly successful application of this omni-channel view with our wholesale partners. And it's been an important driver of our growth and success together. As you're well aware, our largest wholesale partners are focused on integrating their physical stores with their e-commerce operations. We have partnered with them to support those endeavors with fully integrated merchandising and marketing strategies that reinforce our brand's leadership position, both within their stores and on their sites. Now turning to our merchandise categories beyond apparel: handbags, footwear, watches, jewelry, eyewear and fragrance. I want to update you on our continued development and investment. You've heard us talk about handbags, small leather goods and footwear because they have been among our fastest-growing categories and represented approximately 8% of our consolidated sales in fiscal 2013. We are pleased with the credibility the Ralph Lauren brand has established in a relatively short period of time in the highest tier of the luxury leather goods market, and are also focused on building a strong platform for sustainable long-term success. This fall, you will see a lot of activity around our most iconic handbags, the Ricky. Launching in the next few weeks is a complete world of Ricky story built around a greatly expanded range of handbags and small leather goods products inspired by this signature bag. A high-impact, multichannel global advertising, marketing and public relations program featuring the recently introduced Soft Ricky style will be impossible to miss. The introduction of the Soft Ricky has already been a great success worldwide, and we are building upon its appeal with this introduction of a broader range of sizes, colors and related items for the fall and holiday seasons. Beyond luxury handbags, there's also momentum for other accessory categories. Building upon the worlds of Ricky platform in leather goods, we are leveraging some of our most iconic brand themes to develop new watches, eyewear and fragrances. This spring, we had a great success with 2 of our new watches, the Safari Chronometer and the Steel Link Stirrup. The high level of consumer interest in these new styles has increased exposure for our entire watch collection and had a beneficial impact on the business. The Safari aesthetic was also the inspiration for our latest eyewear collection, where both optical and sun styles were introduced into the line and were well received by the consumer. Ralph's passion for the design of fine automobiles was the inspiration for our newest men's fragrance, Polo Red. The fragrance and its messaging has been huge hits with consumers, and the early success of Polo Red will be supported this fall with substantial television and magazine advertising. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thanks, Jacki. We are pleased to be starting fiscal 2014 with strong progress on several long-term objectives and sales and profits that are trending slightly better than planned. As you will recall, fiscal 2014 was planned with increased investments in the business to support long-term shareholder value creation. Key areas of investment this year include accelerated retail store and e-commerce development worldwide, the transition of formally licensed products and regions to directly controlled operations and upgrades to our management information systems to support our long-term growth objectives. Based on the timing of our specific projects, we continue to expect fiscal 2014 to evolve as a tale of 2 halves, with the first part of the year characterized by lower sales growth and outsized investment spending related to the integrations of Chaps and Australia/New Zealand and by preopening costs for new stores. We expect accelerated revenue and profit growth in the second half of the year, with the benefit of revenues from new store openings, the launch of our South Korean website, expanding the number of countries we can ship to from our European e-commerce operations and the transition of Australia/New Zealand as a directly operated region. As we articulated in May, the combined year-over-year impact of the incremental investments we are making in new stores and e-commerce platforms and in systems upgrades on our operating profits is approximately $75 million for the full year period. While this step-up in spending will weigh on our near-term operating profits, we continue to expect each of these investments to deliver a rate of return that is well in excess of our cost of capital. For the full year fiscal 2014 period, we continue to expect consolidated revenues to increase by 4% to 7%, which includes 150 basis point negative impact from foreign currency effects and a roughly 100 basis point additional headwind from discontinued operations. Our full year fiscal 2014 operating margin is still expected to be 25 to 75 basis points below fiscal 2013's record level. The year-over-year contraction in the operating margin outlook is primarily due to the integration of newly assumed operations, accelerated investment in our various strategic growth initiatives and FX impacts. Excluding the impacts of the incremental investment in the company's growth initiatives and foreign exchange, underlying operating income growth would be up low-double digits for the year. We continue to expect the fiscal 2014 tax rate to be 31%. For the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we expect consolidated revenues to increase at a low single-digit rate, with Retail segment sales growing at a mid single-digit rate and relatively flat Wholesale revenues due to a shift in the timing of certain wholesale shipments out of the second quarter and into the third quarter due to the SAP implementation. Foreign currency is estimated to negatively affect revenue growth by approximately 100 basis points in the second quarter and will continue to have more of an impact on our Retail segment given its geographic business mix. Discontinued businesses are estimated to mitigate second quarter sales growth by an additional 100 basis points. Operating margin for the second quarter is expected to be approximately 300 to 350 basis points below the prior-year period due to higher operating expenses related to the timing of investments to support the company's long-term strategic objectives, the integration of formerly licensed regions and product categories and the foreign exchange impact. The second quarter tax rate is estimated at 31.5%. We've established aggressive goals for the year, laying critical groundwork for the future. Our global teams continue to demonstrate strong operational discipline as they not only manage the day-to-day, but also support the important progress we're making on key long-term initiatives, particularly our global omni-channel efforts and infrastructure upgrades. With that, we'd like to open the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm hoping you guys can comment on looking at the top line overall for the company, it's been a little bit soft for the last couple of quarters and you obviously got all this great kind of global long-term growth opportunities. It seems like there was also a little bit of discrepancy, Wholesale top line versus Retail. What gives you confidence in the kind of this re-acceleration you're going to see in the back half? Are there certain elements either within the segmentation of different brands, regions, channels? Just kind of give us an update on your overall kind of view on this top line re-acceleration that's coming.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. So, Omar, I'll try that, and then Jacki and Chris can chime in if they want to add. I think you're right, in the last couple of quarters, for various discrete reasons, we've had the results as you commented. While we delivered the plan for the first quarter, I would say that spring/summer was a bit choppy in terms of overall trends in the apparel market. On a regional basis, it was interesting because it was pretty good in the U.S., actually better than expected in Europe, with Asia being down. And that was really a combination of strong results in the early days of China and Southeast Asia, but weaker results in Japan and Korea. Some of that being FX, some of that really being the shop-in-shop businesses that dominate both Korea and Japan. And I think those 2 markets and the department store distribution network in them experienced contractions. And so really, it was a series of different results around the globe. As we head into fall and holiday, we feel good about the product early reads, and I know it's early for fall, have been good. We're seeing the strengthening of key markets in Europe. We've had some good wholesale pre-books in Europe beginning to flatten out and then grow the forward bookings after several seasons of contractions there. We've got some strong product initiatives as Jacki articulated. And so we're feeling like, in the go-forward business, we'll have less of the one-offs that we've experienced, plus the addition of Chaps for Men's, plus the addition of Australia, plus the launching of some of these e-commerce sites where we've been carrying the expenses and haven't gotten the revenues. And lastly, and this is true for most people with businesses here in the U.S., we're going against the effects of Sandy, which did impact part of the fall season last year. So for lots of reasons, the underlying trends of the last quarter with the Easter shift, which is sort of unique to us because of the way it splits between March and April, and some of the FX, we delivered the plan perhaps not as much as we had hoped but I think we're encouraged about fall and beyond.
Christopher H. Peterson: The only thing I would add is that this next wave of SAP, which we're implementing toward the end of the quarter, is causing us to shift a little bit of our revenue, particularly in the Wholesale business, out of the second quarter and into the third quarter. So we're going to shift some shipments out of the last week of September and into the first week of October. And that's having a little bit of a split impact between the second and the third quarter revenue guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citigroup.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Roger, this is somewhat answered in the first question but I wondered if there could be more, a little bit more detail. I know last year, around the time of the second quarter, you had decided to pull back some products from Europe because of the state of the world there at the time. Are those sales returning in that region?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Kate, well, you know I love detail so I'm glad you asked. I would start by just giving you a sense of the trends in Europe. We have talked in the past about sort of a general strength in the North and a little bit softer in the South. And while that continues sort of as a headline, we actually have seen this season, France get a little softer than it's been in the past, but strength in Germany and the U.K. and the Scandinavian markets and other markets have actually encouraged us. We proactively pulled back really on 2 levels. One, countries that are dominated by specialty store distribution like Italy where the specialty stores were struggling, and we were very cautious about putting product into them that, quite frankly, we might not have gotten paid for. So we really worked to proactively reduce that. We worked with our better specialty store customers, but that was a decision to balance inflow of product and the risk of not getting paid. And, quite frankly, we've managed that beautifully. In the department store channels, countries that are dominated mostly by department store distribution, which is Spain and Germany, parts of France and the U.K., as their business has been soft, excluding Chinese tourists, we worked hard to get the inventory turns and the supply and demand in alignment. And as I briefly said in the beginning of my comments, we're beginning to see that turn. And the go-forward bookings in Europe are encouraging in the places we're choosing to sell. So after several quarters or a year of contraction, that was strategically applied to the wholesale channel. We're beginning to see that reverse in the go-forward product categories, countries and regions. So I think that's good news.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. First, Chris, the 100 basis points you called out of headwind from discontinued operations, the headwind to revenues, it sounds like it's incremental just because I didn't see it when I looked back at the fourth quarter, is that new? Maybe you could tell us a little bit what that was? Was that in the original 4% to 7% guidance you gave last quarter? And then secondly, on the transitioning of Chaps, I'm wondering if there were any adjustments that you made to inventories that perhaps you weren't expecting -- that was the gross margin impact maybe a little bit more than you thought in the quarter related to some inventories you had to clean up. If you could just help me with that.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Yes, I think on the first question, the discontinued businesses are really primarily Rugby, which we had called out previously. I think we felt like we wanted to provide a little bit more specificity in the guidance on how much that discontinuation of Rugby was impacting the guidance. So it's not new news, it's just a -- additional sort of perspective on -- that we wanted to share with the Street. So that's the primary piece of that. On the gross margin impact and Chaps impact, it kind of came out as we expected. So you saw in the release that we had $16 million gain. Part of the way the accounting worked is because we terminated the agreement early because of the PVH and Warnaco merger, we had to take a step-up in the inventory along with a number of other items that resulted in a gain. The inventory that we shipped out in the April, May, June period, we then recorded higher cost of goods. So part of that gain wasn't really incremental, it was a shift out of the cost of goods into the gain number, but that $16 million gain wasn't all incremental. And we knew about that because we had negotiated the contract with PVH prior to our May release, and so that was included in our guidance but there is an underlying gross margin impact that's about what we expected because of that step-up in inventory and then you ship out and incur higher cost of goods than what the going cost of goods level would be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: Just questions around Retail. It looks like a lot of the Rugby stores were sort of re-purposed for some of your other growth initiatives. Is that, first, is that correct? How many were there? And what do you think about unit growth for this year, what should we be looking for? And then it also looks like there are quite a number of licensed stores opening under Club Monaco and some under Ralph Lauren. But to the extent that you have licensed stores opening, how do we sort of avoid some of the missteps that licensed partners have made in the past in terms of opening appropriate locations or not being appropriately positioned? Kind of how are you working with these guys to make sure that they get it?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Liz, let me try that. We re-purposed probably half of the Rugby stores. And those stores, some of which became Polo, for instance, East Hampton and Short Hills later this fall. Some of which became Denim & Supply, like Newbury Street or University Place downtown. And about half, we closed. The bigger news there is that while it's certainly early days, and Jacki touched on this in her opening remarks, we're feeling very bullish about the opportunity for Polo as standalone Retail. We've had Polo for Men's in our own Ralph Lauren stores, albeit smaller as we've expanded our luxury presentations. But standalone Men's and complemented with Women's Polo, which will be part of our fall strategy, is a very exciting concept for the customer. That will be displayed at its pinnacle on Fifth Avenue next fall. So we have 25 stores in the pipeline for this year to open worldwide. But the probes into Polo stores and Denim & Supply give us a very good feeling about the commercial viability of a high store count growth in the future, which is different than looking for luxury locations. Within our current performance this spring and heading in, the United States and really Europe had pretty strong Retail results. It was really offset by the shop-in-shop concession numbers in Japan and Korea, which we include in our Retail comps, that really dragged the business down in total. So when you put aside some of the moving parts with FX and Easter, the low single-digit positive comps were really stronger in the U.S., stronger in Europe and a little bit down in total in Asia, obviously supported by a very strong e-commerce growth. So there are levels of detail underneath the headline numbers that I think give us some confidence we're on the right path.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you provide some color on the marketing plans for the China business, and some color on how the stores have performed in their initial ramp phase?
Roger N. Farah: Yes, we have opened a number of stores over the last year, 1.5 years. Obviously, a lot more to come. China is running about 18% ahead. So Southeast Asia is also running mid double-digit, mid-teen double-digit increases, so we're encouraged by the early reaction there. That includes stores in Vietnam and Malaysia and some other markets. While it is still early days, we did open what we call a flagship in Hong Kong, in the Prince's Building, which is a dramatic statement about our Menswear. We had a soft opening in June. We'll have a bigger push in the fall, and that's had tremendous early reaction from the customers. And surprising to us, strong sales in building and furnishings. I think most of you know that the China customer today, and the male customer is the dominant customer, is more casual in dress, but we've had very good early success in clothing. So we expect to begin to ramp up the marketing plans, print, as well as store activities starting in the fall but really coming out more strongly in calendar '14. That's when we're planning a series of large store openings in the fall of '14 in Shanghai and in Hong Kong, and it really will represent a more complete coming-out party for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just a couple of quick questions, just a follow-up, Chris. If you can quantify the net impact on the gross margin from Chaps, I know you mentioned 2 moving parts there? And then secondly, Roger, you called out Women's as one of the stronger businesses, Women's and accessories. Accessories not a surprise, Women's, it sounds like it's getting stronger. I just wonder if you can comment on what you're seeing in the Women's business. And was Men's not called out because it was weaker or it just wasn't as strong as Women's?
Christopher H. Peterson: So I'll take the Chaps. The total impact to the gross margin on Chaps was about 120 basis points in the quarter.
Roger N. Farah: I'm going to ask Jacki to maybe touch on some of the product initiatives that you asked about David, and then we'll go from there.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: David, we have seen a strengthening across our entire Women's business, starting with our collection in Black Label business where they are starting off with quite a good fall at this point year-over-year. Our Lauren business had a very, very strong season, up high-single digits off of a very substantial base. As you know, we are the #1 brand in the department stores and continue to grow in that position and in that floorspace. Our accessory business, I commented on in the script, as our luxury accessory business with the centerpiece of the Ricky, which has done extremely well for spring, and we pretty much had sellouts. We're re-delivering now all of our fall colors. And I don't know if you noticed in the Sunday Times, but we had a fabulous Soft Ricky ad this Sunday. And that is now just the beginning of what we expect to see around that product for the fall right through the holiday season. We're putting a heavy emphasis on our accessory opportunity. Our Lauren accessory business had a very, very strong spring season, and it looks like a good lead into fall. And because of that, we are seeing additional store rollouts and, as I said, real nice double-digit increases in our Lauren brand as well. For anyone who wants a real treat, take a trip down to Macy's Herald Square to see our new Men's Polo shop, which was just opened on Friday. And it has -- it is a 10,000 square foot shop opened off of the new Seventh Avenue Men's door coming up into the shop on the second floor escalator right into the Men's shop. Dramatic presentation of all of the lifestyles that we see in our Polo customer, and from the most casual to clothing and dress furnishings and new accessory area that we installed in this Polo shop. And I think that speaks to how we feel about the opportunity, the continued opportunity in our Men's business. We had a very nice season off of our obviously very large based business, and in most stores ran a mid to high single-digit comp over prior year.
Operator: The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up from an investment perspective as it relates to SAP and recognizing the staged approach you're taking, are there more front-end loading of the investments particularly in Q2 than maybe were previously implied? And then just from the remaining investment as we think about it for the balance of the year, how should we think of that kind of progressing as we get through the next 2 quarters in the back half? And then just a second question kind of on some of the longer-term growth opportunities, particularly in Denim & Supply, as this brand has gone more into Retail and as that continues to grow, can you speak a little bit more about what you're learning about that consumer in particular?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. I'll take the SAP question. So the year-over-year spending on SAP is a significantly higher spending that's in fiscal '14 versus what we did in fiscal '13. I think we've said the combination of the investment in SAP, the new stores and the e-commerce platform is $75 million increase versus last year from those things combined, and SAP is a significant portion of that $75 million. If you look at the SAP spending, the SAP spending is a little bit more front half-loaded in the fiscal year than back half-loaded because of the timing of the waves that were going through implementation. This wave that we're going to do at the end of September is really the largest wave that we've got sort of remaining for this scope of the project that we're looking at. And so there will be -- it will be spread out through the quarters but it will be a little bit more front half-loaded.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: On the Denim & Supply consumer, Erinn, what we are really seeing is that the department store customer, our customers are focused on really driving this millennial customer into their stores. What we are seeing is a very strong and early reaction. For instance, in Macy's in Denim & Supply, we are in the Impulse department, which is focused on that millennial customer. In Men's, we're in the Young Men's area, sitting next to Levi. Both of those businesses have been tracking very, very strongly, Men's and Women's, in the department stores. We opened 2 locations in this quarter, one in Boston and one in New York for Denim & Supply, and off to a very good start. And we believe that there will be many stores following that. We have stores that have opened in Europe and in Asia, also performing very well. So what we're seeing is that certainly, within the Ralph Lauren brand in the Denim & Supply aesthetic, we've really been able to engage with this customer. And as I said, the sell-throughs, the product mix, the nature of and the exciting look of that product is clearly engaging that customer. We have a very interesting marketing campaign with the DJ Avicii, who is a very hot DJ in that market. And what's happening is we'd actually just launched this amazing video that has gotten millions and millions of consumer reactions to it. And it's extremely well done, and Avicii will be part of our fall campaign, with special appearances and special concert. So we're putting a tremendous amount of focus on the opportunity that we see with this millennial customer.
Operator: The next question comes from Faye Landes with Cowen and Company.
Faye I. Landes - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. Can you, first of all, you mentioned the impact of FX on gross margin. I'm just trying to figure out what the exact number is. And also, more -- perhaps more crucially, can you define or sort of outline when you expect to return to higher core top line growth rates post the anniversary-ing of China, America leaving [ph], et cetera, and what it's going to take to get there?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So let me start with gross margin. So gross -- foreign exchange had about a 50 basis point approximate impact on gross margin. So if you looked at the gross margin, we talked about the Chaps impact and the FX impact, if you looked at the gross margin excluding those 2 impacts, we would have been flat to slightly up on gross margin on the core business in the quarter.
Roger N. Farah: And I think, Faye, in terms of the top line growth, you know all the macroeconomic factors going on in the world today. So I'm not going to rattle those off. Our focus is on a very underdeveloped Asia business for us. We've talked consistently for years about seeing Asia as potentially 1/3 of our business in the future, with Europe being 1/3 and the United States being 1/3. So at 63% U.S, we've got a long way to go in the international markets, whether that's emerging markets like Brazil or other parts of Europe or really the more scalable opportunities in China. So we will continue to look at the distribution strategies, the brand strategies, the marketing strategies that will drive an acceleration in the international growth rates. Within product categories, which is the other focus for us, Jacki touched on several of them. They are the luxury businesses, they are the accessory businesses, and we feel very bullish about the size and opportunity of Polo for Women's, as well as the Denim business. So we have product category opportunities as well as geographic opportunities. And the last leg of that stool is really the ongoing opportunity in e-commerce on a global basis. We're running significant increases in Europe in e-commerce. In our second year, we'll be breakeven or profitable. We are making big investments in Asia, first in Japan, Korea, but after that, China. We think we have a compelling product. We have the brand integrity and the product integrity that allows customers to comfortably buy our products online, with low return rates. So these are very profitable ways to reach customers, particularly in new markets. It's a much more efficient way to talk to customers than trying to build a very big network of retail-only brick-and-mortar stores in these countries. So those are the headlines of growth. We're very committed to them. We've talked about the investments necessary to make. We think we're being prudent about balancing that and delivering ongoing shareholder value. But at this point, those opportunities remain unchanged and unshakable in our mind in terms of where we want to put our management time, energy and our money.
Operator: The final question comes from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about the number of -- the points-of-sale that you have in Greater China now versus last year? How many -- could you break out how many concessions you have versus owned retail? Are we likely to see Polo stores increasing in China versus concessions in the future? And then just sort of thoughts on flagships, after these flagships open next spring, is that going to be pretty much it for China? And then you will focus on other stores like the Blue label?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Barbara, let me see if I can summarize, and this will be more directional than absolute specifics. We took back the licensed distribution in China, which was heavily focused on department stores and partners, multiple partners in multiple cities around China. And when we made the decision to shut that down, it wasn't because they weren't doing business or there wasn't an appetite for the product or it wasn't making money. We just thought it did not lay the foundation for the kind of brand we wanted to build long term. So as we've said, about 95 points-of-sale were closed in China over the last 5 quarters. Some of that dribbled in to the first quarter of this year, when Chris talked about discontinued ops, but it wasn't meaningful. So in essence, we shut the network. We have been rebuilding really at this point with standalone stores, mall or street locations. And I think at this point, we have something in the low-teens. But the flagship we just opened in Hong Kong, Men's only, and the flagships we're opening next fall is part of a strategy to have key important flagships in Shanghai, Beijing and Hong Kong. We are not at this point looking to go into second or third tier cities in any meaningful way until we establish the full complement of the brand in those flagship locations. Once we've done that and we begin to raise the brand, the visibility and knowledge, which today only 7% of the population really knows us there, which is in stark contrast to our recognition in the United States or Europe, but we'll begin to cascade strategies, distribution points and brands in those markets. We also are looking to overlay that with a thoughtful e-commerce strategy, which will give broader access to the product than we can reach in a reasonable time frame with brick-and-mortar. So with that, I'd like to thank you all for listening. We continue to remain very committed to our long-term growth initiatives and think we've managed the short term as a team very well. Look forward to talking to you in November.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-05-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President and Director Christopher H. Peterson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling Ralph Lauren's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal '13 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the year and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some merchandising highlights; and Chris Peterson, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial perspective on the fourth quarter, in addition to reviewing our initial expectations for fiscal 2014. After that, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you please limit to 1 per caller. Today's call -- on today's call, we'll be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We're reporting excellent fourth quarter and full year fiscal '13 results today. The 42% earnings per share growth that was achieved for the fourth quarter and the 14% increase for the full year, excluding the Rugby-related charges, were a function of strong product acceptance and exceptional profit flow-through on sales. The double-digit earnings growth was a continuation of a multiyear trend that highlights the extraordinary creativity and operational excellence that characterizes our company. It also showcases the powerful diversity of our operating model across merchandise categories, channels and regions. This is particularly true for fiscal 2013 as our global teams successfully manage through a challenging macroeconomic environment during the year. Fiscal '13 was a year of important progress on each of our long-term strategic growth objectives. With respect to our direct-to-customer efforts, retail segment sales increased high single digits in constant currency and that growth was mostly comp driven led by e-commerce. During the year, we commenced an exciting multiyear initiative to grow our brand presence in Asia, with a particular focus on Greater China. We also significantly enhanced our global e-commerce capabilities. We have built a talented team with global oversight, supported by 3 strong regional teams. In addition, we extended our reach in Western Europe, launched our first Asia site in Japan and launched Club Monaco e-commerce capabilities in the United States and Canada. We are also in the final months of doubling the size of our customer fulfillment center in North Carolina. E-commerce will remain a critical area of focus and investment for us over the next several years. Retail now accounts for 52% of our consolidated revenues, up from approximately 40% 5 years ago, and we expect much of our future growth to be direct-to-customer led. Our second major strategy has been our desire to expand our international presence. European revenues were up low single digits in constant currency during the year as strength in our retail operations more than offset a proactive pullback in wholesale distribution. We're able to grow our Europe profitability at an even stronger rate as the locally based team prudently managed the business, distorting resources to higher performing channels and countries. In Asia where we are just beginning a long and exciting journey, we now have most of the major building blocks in place of our new shared service hub in Hong Kong with strong country management to focus on growth. And even as we've made outside investments in new stores and e-commerce, we were able to improve the profitability of our Asian operations with disciplined management. The increased global acceptance of our products is a validation of our sustained commitment to investing in innovation and world-class supply chain capabilities, and supporting those efforts further with highly strategic merchandising initiatives, compelling advertising and marketing campaigns and extraordinary shopping environments. Continued market share gains in many of our core merchandise categories in North America, which is our most developed market, is a clear indication of the incredible vitality of the Ralph Lauren brand. We are making great progress with our accessories, denim and home offerings since assuming direct control of those categories, and we look forward to nurturing the recently transitioned Chaps men's sportswear in a similar manner. Over time, we believe these emerging merchandise categories can become meaningful drivers of instrumental growth in the U.S. and around the world. During fiscal '13, we successfully completed the first phase of a multiyear implementation of an integrated global systems platform. We believe the consistent strengthening and evolution of our corporate infrastructure will boost the global information we need to run our growing business. The clarity and purpose of our company's vision and strategy is well understood throughout the organization. Ralph and I are proud of the progress the team is making with our long-term growth objectives and with the company's ability to consistently invest in those long-term strategies, while executing the day-to-day and consistently delivering annual results. We are excited about the many compelling opportunities that lie ahead and we intend to match this excitement with an accelerated investment back into the business over the next several years. We are confident we have the right strategies and teams to execute our goals, and with $1.4 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet, we certainly have the means to fund our strategies. Those of you who are familiar with our company understand that our consistent reinvestment back in the business has been an important driver of sales and profit performance. Over the last decade, we've delivered 16% compounded annual earnings per share growth on 11% compounded annual sales growth and have returned $3 billion to shareholders via repurchase or dividends. The net result of our actions have been over a 700% increase in total shareholder return, which reflects the focused execution of our global strategies. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to expand on 2 of the themes Roger touched on in his opening remarks, the first being the operational excellence that is a defining characteristic of our company; and the second being the incredible market share gains of our North American wholesale business. The operational expertise of our global supply chain organization is one of the company's most significant competitive advantages. Over the years, our sourcing and logistics team have navigated through not only the growing scope of our global operations across regions, channels and product categories, but also dynamic changes in input costs, all while meeting the company's high standards of innovation and quality. Their ability to consistently execute with excellence, delivering exquisite, high-quality product while still achieving cost savings and other efficiencies, has been an important driver of our sales and profit growth. Much of the organization's success is the result of the steady investment in talent and capital we've made to develop these world-class capabilities as our business has evolved. In fiscal 2014, our supply chain organization will ensure the seamless integration of Chaps men's sportswear and our Australia and New Zealand operations, the doubling in size of our U.S. distribution center for RalphLauren.com and our organic business expansion. I know that many of you have an interest in input cost dynamics, so I'll offer some perspective on our input costs for this year. Fall '13 costing is expected to be modestly below the prior year period. This is a function of lower raw material costs that are mostly offset by higher wages and our own plans to invest back into the product, whether through materials and trim or construction details, in order to deliver the most compelling product to the consumer. As we look even farther ahead to spring/summer 2014 season, we expect to see higher prices for our most important raw materials, but I'm confident in our team's ability to meet this challenge and find ways to mitigate that pressure. The continued expansion of our North American wholesale business is a testament to the strong aspirational appeal of the Ralph Lauren brand. The mid-single-digit increase in our comparable operations during fiscal '13 was a continuation of a multiyear trajectory that has far outpaced industry growth. Much of this growth has been achieved through our core men's, women's and children's apparel offerings. But our newer women's accessories, footwear, dresses and our Denim & Supply brand were also important contributors. We look forward to thoughtful wholesale distribution expansion of these categories and believe they have the potential to support our continued growth. On a related note, we just opened 2 freestanding Denim & Supply stores in the U.S., one on Newbury Street in Boston and the other, today, on University Place in New York City. These stores are an outstanding expression of the Denim & Supply brand and I encourage you to visit them. We believe that selective retail expansion of Denim & Supply worldwide will foster greater awareness for the brand and serve as a positive complement to its wholesale distribution. In addition to the strong wholesale performance of the Ralph Lauren brand in North America, Chaps also performed very well in the fourth quarter and full year periods. Established 35 years ago as a men's only brand, Chaps has evolved over the last decade into a complete lifestyle offering with a robust product assortment across men's, women's, children's, accessories and our home categories. The combination of classic style and great quality at an accessible price point has made Chaps a highly regarded and aspirational national brand. We are in the process of integrating our previously licensed Chaps men's sportswear business into our company as a directly operated wholesale business. We have in place a transition service agreement to ensure a seamless process without disruption for our customers over the coming months. With all of the largest merchandise categories now directly managed by our company, we will further enhance the clarity and consistency of the brand. We also believe there is a consumer appetite and a compelling opportunity to develop the Chaps brand on a global scale over time. Everything we do across all of our brands at Ralph Lauren is borne out of a sensibility and an aesthetic that are reflected across each of our merchandise categories. The extraordinary creativity that is a hallmark and point of pride for our company is matched only by tremendous merchandising discipline that has enabled us to maximize our market share potential. I want to share with you how we've transformed the historically strong U.S.-based merchandising organization into a truly global one. Since we've assumed direct control of most of our strategically important merchandise categories and regions, we've learned that there's a great commonality to our worldwide bestsellers. This insight is a foundational principle that grounds our global merchandising organization. Centralized in New York in order to work in close proximity to Ralph and his design teams, we have built teams made of merchants representing our key regions around the world to work side-by-side in a highly collaborative manner, to conduct global line reviews and plan global buys. These teams work very closely with their respective brand teams across sales, planning and marketing in order to inform their thought process with real-time feedback on sales trend, product performance and marketplace dynamics. We are confident that over time, greater consistency of the product story will drive both product development and production efficiencies that will allow us to leverage our global growing scale and provide opportunity for continued gross margin expansion. We believe a more centralized approach will ensure greater singularity of message, and therefore, global consistency of advertising, marketing and in-store presentations. Creating an even more direct link between Ralph's vision and the consumer experience across all distribution channels becomes increasingly important as tourists traveling all over the world become a larger subset of our customer base. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen in this morning's press release, we're reporting strong fourth quarter profit results today. Let me start with a brief recap of the quarter. Consolidated net revenues rose 1% to $1.6 billion, reflecting retail segment growth that was partially offset by a decline in wholesale shipments. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and strategic decisions to discontinue American Living and close certain stores in Greater China, revenues increased 4% in the fourth quarter. The revenue results were below the expectations we articulated in February due to unseasonably cold weather that hurt early spring merchandise sales and foreign exchange. For the full year fiscal 2013 period, net revenues grew 1% to $6.9 billion and were up 5%, excluding the impact of the strategic decisions and foreign exchange. Gross profit margin of 59.3% was 220 basis points greater than the prior year period. The improvement in gross profit margin is primarily attributable to lower input costs, beneficial channel and product mix and operational discipline. Operating expenses of $792 million were in line with the prior year, as we were able to offset higher investment in our growth initiatives and approximately $15 million of impairment and restructuring charges with operating expense savings through productivity gains. Operating expense rate of 48.2% reflects 50 basis points of leverage compared to the prior year, which was better than our expectations due to disciplined expense management across the organization. Operating income rose an impressive 33% to $182 million in the fourth quarter, and operating margin improved 270 basis points to 11.1%. Strong profit flow-through was a function of the extraordinary operational discipline of our global teams. For the full year fiscal 2013 period, operating income increased 8% to $1.1 billion, and operating margin improved 100 basis points to 16.2%. Excluding Rugby-related impairment and restructuring charges; the fiscal 2013 operating margin improved 130 basis points to 16.5%. Net income for the fourth quarter was $127 million, 35% greater than the prior year period, and net income per diluted share increased 38% to $1.37. Excluding Rugby-related charges, net income per diluted share grew 42% to $1.41 in the fourth quarter. Higher operating income was the principal driver of the substantial increases in net income and net income per share. EPS also benefited from a lower effective tax rate of 25%, which was 300 basis points below the prior year due to a favorable discrete tax item and geographic mix. For the full year fiscal 2013 period, net income rose 10% to $750 million and net income per diluted share increased 12% to $8. Excluding Rugby-related charges, net income per diluted share grew 14% to $8.13 in fiscal '13. Moving on to segment highlights for the quarter. Wholesale sales of $796 million were 4% below the prior year period, primarily due to the discontinuation of American Living in fiscal '13 and a proactive reduction in shipments to certain European wholesale customers. Wholesale operating income grew 16% to $175 million in the fourth quarter, and wholesale operating margin improved 380 basis points to 22%. The substantial improvement in wholesale operating margin was primarily due to higher gross profit margins as a result of lower input costs, favorable product mix and operational discipline. Fourth quarter retail segment sales rose 7% to $804 million, supported by the contribution from new stores and e-commerce operations, and a 4% constant dollar comparable store sales increase. Sales trends continued to be strongest online and at factory stores worldwide. Despite the challenges of the overall macro environment and unseasonable weather conditions, the fourth quarter's 4% constant dollar comp growth was achieved on top of difficult multiyear comparisons and was primarily a function of improved traffic and conversion. Retail segment operating income grew an impressive 73% to $74 million in the fourth quarter, and the retail operating margin expanded 350 basis points to 9.2%. The robust improvement in retail operating income and operating margin reflects stronger profitability in all major geographies, particularly in international markets and was achieved despite higher restructuring and impairment charges and continued investment in global e-commerce development. Licensing revenues of $43 million in the fourth quarter were in line with the prior year, as higher apparel product licensing revenues were offset by lower home product licensing revenues. Operating income for the licensing segment declined 3% to $29 million. Consolidated inventory was up 6% at the end of the fiscal year, and we spent approximately $276 million on capital expenditures to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. The company repurchased 3 million shares of its common stock during fiscal '13 at an average cost of $149, utilizing $450 million of our authorized share repurchase programs, and returned an additional $128 million to shareholders via dividend payments. At the end of the fourth quarter, the company had $577 million available under previously authorized share repurchase programs for future buybacks, and we ended the year with approximately $1.4 billion in cash and investments. We are very pleased with the strong fourth quarter and full year results. The prudent planning, operational management and financial discipline that characterize the company have enabled us to maximize margin opportunities and deliver double-digit earnings growth. We've achieved these results even as we've continued to make substantial reinvestments to support our longer-term growth objectives. Now I'd like to turn to fiscal '14. As we articulated to you in February, we expect revenue growth to improve in fiscal '14 and we are planning to increase our investments in the business to support long-term shareholder value creation. Key areas of investment in fiscal '14 include accelerated retail store development, global e-commerce capabilities and upgrades to our management information systems. With respect to retail store development, we currently plan to invest in approximately 30 new retail stores, mostly concentrated in international markets. This accelerated rate of store investment means we expect to have a substantial increase in preopening costs, particularly since our plans include a handful of large high-profile stores that are scheduled to open in the next 2 years. Among these stores are new Ralph Lauren flagship stores in Asia, as well as our first flagship store for the Polo brand in New York City. We are in the early stages of an exciting plan to open Polo stores worldwide. Supported by more than 45 years of Ralph's extraordinary vision and commitment, Polo is one of the most recognized brands in the world. Our efforts are focused on leveraging the tremendous innovation and expertise that exists in our design and merchandising organizations to satisfy the growing global demand for our Polo and Blue Label products. We believe Polo stores will be a good compliment to the important wholesale distribution that exists today in North America and parts of Europe. They will likely become the primary platform by which the brand is distributed in certain international markets, such as Asia and parts of Latin America, where the wholesale channel is less developed. We recently opened our first Polo store in East Hampton and we intend to open a second Polo store at the Short Hills Mall in September. We've also committed to open a 35,000-square foot flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York City that will be a major brand statement, featuring a full assortment of Polo men's, women's and children's merchandise, as well as a restaurant. Scheduled to open in the fall of next year, we believe the flagship store will really set the stage for the broader global strategy, especially since it is located in one of the world's most popular tourist destinations. We are actively engaged in and committed to finding additional Polo locations around the world, which will be a mix of flagship stores in key gateway cities and smaller formats in appropriately-sized markets. We also plan to increase our investment in e-commerce around the world, as the consumer is clearly choosing to shop more online. Over the last year, we've created a stronger global digital and e-commerce team to capitalize on this trend and provide a more holistic approach to managing this dynamic channel of distribution. Specific plans for fiscal '14 include a new Korean website, expanding the number of countries we can ship to in Europe and in Asia, evolving the online customer experience in existing markets and investing in expanded distribution and fulfillment capacity to support our long-term growth expectations for the channel. With respect to infrastructure investment, the largest area of incremental investment for us will be in a globally integrated ERP system. As a reminder, during fiscal '14, we plan to convert global product procurement and our North American wholesale order-to-cash processes from legacy systems to SAP. After several months of testing, we go live with our pilot wave later this quarter. While the pilot wave only represents a small part of our consolidated revenues, it allows us to test 95% of the functionality of the new system, allowing us to mitigate risk and make any necessary adjustments before rolling out to larger businesses. Over time, we believe the SAP implementation will yield productivity improvements and procurement savings, in addition to providing the company with a stronger platform for future growth. We expect each of these investments to deliver a rate of return that is well in excess of our cost of capital. However, for fiscal '14, they will represent a significant step-up in spending. The combined year-over-year impact of these investments is estimated to affect operating profits by approximately $75 million for the full year period. Foreign currency exchange rates will also be a significant headwind for us in fiscal '14, both in terms of translational and transactional impact. The recent devaluation of the Japanese yen is expected to have the greatest impact. Comparing the current yen to dollar exchange rate to the average JPY 83 exchange rate we experienced in fiscal '13, the yen is down approximately 25%. To mitigate the cost impact of the yen devaluation, we instituted price increases in Japan 3 weeks ago, but those actions will not provide a complete offset to the devaluation. For the full year period at today's rates, we expect about 150 basis points of negative currency translation on the company's top line, and that the combination of translational and transactional currency effects will negatively impact operating profit by about $75 million. With that as backdrop, I'd like to review our initial outlook for the year, which was outlined in this morning's press release. As we've developed a plan for fiscal '14, the year can be characterized as a tale of 2 halves, with the operating margin down in the first half and up in the second half. The first half of the year is impacted by upfront expenses related to the integration of the Chaps business and Australia and New Zealand, as well as preopening costs for new stores. The second half is expected to benefit from the integration of the new businesses, as well as the new store openings. For the first quarter of fiscal '14, we expect consolidated net revenues to increase at a low single-digit rate, with wholesale segment sales growing slightly faster than retail segment sales as a result of the Chaps integration. Foreign currency effects are estimated to negatively affect revenue growth by approximately 150 basis points in the first quarter and will have more of an impact on our retail segment given its geographic business mix. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately 200 to 250 basis points below the prior year period, due to higher operating expenses related to the timing of investments to support the company's strategic growth objectives, the Chaps integration and the foreign exchange impact. First quarter tax rate is estimated at 32%. For the full year fiscal '14 period, we expect consolidated revenues to increase by 4% to 7%, which includes a 150 basis point net negative impact from foreign currency. Wholesale sales are expected to grow slightly faster than retail revenues due to the disproportionately -- disproportionate impact that currency translation has on our retail segment. We estimate that newly transitioned operations, which include Chaps men's sportswear in Australia and New Zealand beginning in the second quarter, account for approximately 350 basis points of our consolidated revenue growth. We expect our full year fiscal '14 operating margin to be approximately 25 to 75 basis points below fiscal 2013's record level, due to the integration of newly assumed operations, accelerated investment and strategic growth initiatives across geographies, distribution channels and infrastructure, and to the FX impacts I highlighted earlier. Excluding the impacts of the incremental investment and the company's strategic growth initiatives and foreign exchange, underlying operating income growth would be up low double digits for the year. Our fiscal 2014 tax rate is expected to be 31%. The higher level of investment that's flowing through the P&L is also reflected in our capital spending plans. We are planning approximately $350 million to $450 million in capital expenditures in fiscal '14, primarily to support our global direct-to-customer and infrastructure investments. Approximately 75% of our capital is allocated for our global direct-to-customer activities, including new store investments and the expansion of our dedicated distribution and fulfillment center for our North American e-commerce operations. Our commitment to investing in our strategic growth initiatives and infrastructure is clear, as is our expectation for return on capital. We are excited about what we believe we can achieve over the next several years as we continue to focus our capital and managerial resources on the most compelling long-term opportunities. At this point, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Hoping to focus a little bit on the revenue line in the quarter. I know you guys had guided to something like a mid-single-digit increase in the fourth quarter. Obviously, it came in a little bit below that. I assume the yen was part of the factor there. Could you talk through some of the other factors that led to the slight revenue disappointment? Are there macro things going on out there? Is it weather related? Is it broad-based? Is it focused in certain areas? And then as you think about the guidance -- the revenue guidance and the top line kind of profile for this company for '14 and above, where do you think the kind of key factors are and the opportunities, or do you still see just a kind of very broad-based growth across geographies and categories and channels?
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay, I'll -- thanks, Omar. Let me start with the revenue underperformance versus our guidance. So when we provided the guidance at the beginning of February, we were coming off a month of January where we had a very strong revenue growth, and we were expecting February and March to be somewhat comparable conditions to the prior year. There were really 2 things that happened during the months of February and March that led to the revenue being slightly below our previous guidance. The first was we had an incredible weather pattern this year, with much colder conditions in both North America and Europe, as well as Northeast Asia, that led to a tough February and March for seasonal spring product. The second was, to your point, on foreign exchange was foreign exchange. The yen continued to devalue during the quarter and Japan, for perspective, is our second largest country from a revenue standpoint. So those were really the 2 factors that drove the revenue versus guidance in the quarter.
Roger N. Farah: I'll take the second part. So Omar, in terms of the go forward, I think we would identify the following as the key growth engines that would provide the distortion. Obviously, e-commerce and retail, we've talked about it, others have, customers making a clear choice to shop online, whether that's through our wholesale partners where we're experiencing strong growth with our wholesale partners online or whether it's in our own direct-to-consumer, whether it's Ralph Lauren or Club Monaco. We've seen an extraordinary response to the Club Monaco website in the first 9 months it's been open. And so on and on and on around the world, the customer is indicating to us they're comfortable shopping or getting product information, buying in the stores. And a lot of that interest is shifting to mobile. So the growth in mobile that you're seeing in the industry in general continues for us. I would say, the other headline is the Asia Pac region, with all the puts and takes, should provide distorted growth over the next couple of years. The bolt-on of Australia is relatively small, but it completes the region for us in terms of owned territories plugged into our shared service hub network through a lot of the infrastructure. I think it will be a nice positive addition. And then I think the new product categories that we danced through quickly in the script that we brought back in-house over the last 3 or 4 years, that have gone through some form of rehab, are now beginning to show their future potential, whether it's Denim & Supply, which Jacki talked about, or some of the accessory categories, or even some of the changes we've made in the Home business. And we think those will provide future growth. I think we're viewing Europe cautiously. The trends there continue, with strength in the northern part of Europe and then softer in the southern part. I think our team did an outstanding job managing through that to deliver a top line and even a better bottom line performance in the year. But I think we're planning that a little more cautiously going forward.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Kate McShane with Citi Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In your guidance, you highlighted it was a tale of 2 halves with the operating margin. However, can you give a little bit more detail around the cadence of spend throughout the year, and how we should think about gross margins for the year as well?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So I think on that, I would say the investments in the strategic growth initiatives are really going to be spread relatively evenly throughout the year. But if you look at the licensed businesses that we're taking back in Chaps, in Australia and New Zealand, we're spending a disproportionate amount of money transitioning those businesses to be wholly owned in the first half of the year and we expect them to be significantly more profitable in the second half of the year. We also -- FX is relatively evenly spread throughout the period. And so I think it's really a function of the take back of the licensed businesses that result in the operating margin improvement in the back half versus the front half.
Roger N. Farah: I guess the other thing I would add to what Chris said is that there are certain subjects like the Fifth Avenue store that we've talked about that we're planning to open next fall, September or October, that are very expensive and carry a lot of rent and we'll be carrying that for over a year without the benefit of any sales. So there are some of these big projects in Asia, here in New York on Fifth Avenue, that we think are extraordinary opportunities for us long term, will establish the brand, Asia will be Ralph Lauren, here will be Polo, and there's a cost of carrying those for 12 months until they come online with sales. So that's feathered in. I remember this time last year, we talked about fiscal '13 being a tale of 2 halves and I think there was some concern that we had anticipated more of the profit to come in the back half of the year. We're pleased to have delivered on that. And for different reasons, we're facing a similar situation, as really our profit profile is being rebalanced more to a 50/50 split than what it had been for many years, which was a heavier orientation on first and second quarter and a little bit lighter in the third and fourth quarter. Some of that's also coming from the growing retail business, where we get some distortion in the back half of the year versus the first half.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: I guess my question was regarding the Polo stores. Can you [indiscernible]
Operator: Yes, we'll move on to the next question. Ms. Dunn, your line, they cannot hear you. We'll move to Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide some perspective on what's embedded in your expectations for the European business for fiscal '14. And if you could provide some color on when we start lapping the distribution closures or some of the trimming of distribution.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think, as Roger mentioned in the prepared remarks, the underlying business in Europe this year was up low single digits on a comparable basis. We're expecting that to actually accelerate a little bit as we get into next year, from low single digits to a little bit faster than that, mid-single digits type of range. Part of the reason for that is because we have a plan to enter some of the under-penetrated geographies of Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East that we expect to contribute to the sales. Relative to the proactive reduction in shipments that we've made in the wholesale channel in Southern Europe, which you saw generate strong profit results in the European numbers that we just reported, we'll largely be through that from an annualization standpoint after the end of this first quarter of fiscal '14. So when we get to the second quarter, we feel like we will have appropriately rebased that business.
Operator: Next we'll move to David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just 2 questions. One, Chris, if you could help us understand what the constant currency direct-to-consumer comp guidance is for FY '14. And then secondly, Roger, any early learnings from your new store openings in China? And it sounds like you're potentially accelerating some of those openings, talking about a flagship, which obviously is an important investment and presence for you in China. So some of your early learnings and the pace of expansion in China.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I guess we've shied away from giving, as I mentioned, I think, on the last call or the call before, constant currency comp guidance. But what I would point you to on the first question is our guidance for the year is 4% to 7% revenue growth. Within that, there's 150 basis points of negative foreign exchange. So that would get you to 5.5% to 8.5% sort of all-in growth. And included in that is this 350 basis point improvement from the result of the Chaps and Australia business. So I think you can sort of back into the range that we're shooting for, for the year, which is sort of an underlying growth rate in the mid-single digits type of range.
Roger N. Farah: And I would respond to the second part of your question as follows. We've had a very interesting year learning about the Chinese consumer. And while the first profile is how do they perform in China, they're obviously a big part of the shopping trends in Korea, other parts of Southeast Asia, Europe and the United States. So we're learning about that customer through the really global footprint we have. But fundamentally, and I think Jacki touched on this, the best products sell worldwide. And so with our orientation towards apparel, we have to be mindful of the geographic and climate range in China. The northern part of China is almost similar to the coast of Maine in terms of its weather and it goes all the way down...
Operator: [Technical Difficulty] Mr. Hurley, please go ahead.
Roger N. Farah: In case nobody heard it, we were up 42% in EPS. I don't know if that got through. Maybe I'll start again. I was talking about China. I'll quickly summarize. We've learned a lot about the Chinese business. We've gotten a lot of feedback from the customers both in China, in Southeast Asia, in Europe and the United States. The good news is they are gravitating towards the same looks and categories and items. They clearly want luxury. We've created some unique products that respond to that market and they've really bought that well. And so every day, we're learning. We know we have a long way to go to tell the Ralph Lauren story in that market. We are investing and committing to key flagships, but in the key cities. I think one of the things we'll try to avoid is chasing the second- and third-tier cities too early on in our development of that market. I think we have to be important in Hong Kong, in Beijing, in Shanghai and some of the key markets before we start going out to the second- and third-tier cities. I also expanded my answer to include Denim & Supply, and in fact, the Polo stores. Because while we're in the early stages there, we think those are key high growth, brand-specific, high-margin stores. And the early reads on a more classified approach in East Hampton has been very strong, with color multipliers selling. Denim & Supply stores that we've opened internationally, about a dozen, 1, and today, 2 in the U.S. are really selling denim. And the key to that customer is getting a fit on the denim bottoms that resonates with them and then you can build the top business. The early trends there are reflecting a 30% penetration of denim bottoms, which is very high in that world. So I think the direct-to-customer business, whether it's flagships in Asia or more classified smaller locations, we're beginning to feel confident about the path we're on.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffrey.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I appreciate the detail, Chris, on kind of the key investment areas for this year. I wanted to focus just on the SAP in the second phase. So I appreciate the kind of key detail on the investments for the year, and I wanted to focus on the second phase of the SAP implementation. I guess, just given the global complexity of your business model, once this phase has been tested and implemented, could you just maybe provide a little more context on some of the key applications of this kind of second phase of this system, and how we should think about kind of the meaningful margin leverage going forward in the model as we kind of exit fiscal '14 and get into fiscal '15?
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So the phase of the SAP implementation that we're in right now really focuses on the global product procurement and the North America wholesale order-to-cash, which is a significant part of our global systems infrastructure. And as background, just to step back, because in the history of the company, the company started by licensing a lot of the geographies and a lot of the product categories, as the company brought those businesses back in, those businesses came back in with each on a different legacy system. And so the company's starting point from a systems infrastructure is a large number of systems that are not integrated and not as connected as they could be. And so we believe the implementation of SAP will allow us to get to an integrated global system that will drive significant productivity because, for example, we'll be able to put in a style once and that style will be consistent around the world, whereas today we have to do that multiple times around the world with multiple different codings and with manual interfaces from one system to the next. That process will all become automated. The second thing is that we'll increase our visibility to data. So today, where it's very difficult to understand, for example, how many of a specific item we're selling around the world, once we get to common nomenclature and common system, that will become much easier and we believe we will be able to leverage that information to drive procurement savings. The other point I would make on this is that, because it's a fairly significant endeavor, we've broken up the implementation into 3 waves because we didn't want to go with an approach where we tried to implement everything at once. And so the first wave, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, will be a wave that tests the majority of the functionality, but on a limited percent of the revenue from a branding standpoint. And then we'll go to a second wave and a third wave. We expect most of this implementation to be completed during fiscal '14, and we expect the benefits to start to really kick in starting in fiscal '15.
Operator: And our last question, we'll hear from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I guess, for Roger and Jacki, can you talk about efforts to modernize the Blue Label in Lauren? Women's product, obviously, staying within the brand aesthetic. And then secondly, can you talk about your plans to accelerate growth and penetration of key accessories? I know it's been growing, but there've been -- such categories as handbags and footwear have been so strong across the industry, how are you going to be accelerating that growth?
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: We've put a lot of focus on the development and the continued modernization of our Lauren brand. And we've had a very successful fall holiday season, followed by what is a great beginning of spring into summer. Whereas the women's business, over the last few years, had been very challenging, we are finding over this past year, with a lot of increased efforts from our design team to excite the customer and from our merchandising team to focus on the right strength of the line and the presentation of products, as I said, the results of that have been fantastic. In the most recent NPD, of course, Lauren stands ahead. We're 12% above plan, against last year, for the season. And the results of that keep us in that #1 position, distanced way above our competition. We have then, as we have the focus of our Lauren brand, we have a Lauren footwear and accessories business that we see very, very nice momentum in. And then of course, our luxury accessory business is also moving along nicely. We have our leather goods business there, our shoe business. And as the penetration to our company, we're moving into the mid- to high single-digit range at this point in our revenues. It's a higher percentage of our business in the Ralph Lauren stores, where we have beautiful and dedicated space to present our merchandise. And certainly, our longer-term growth plans and goals for accessories is for it to be a more substantial part of our business over time. We have introduced a bag, which we called the Soft Ricky and it's a new interpretation of our most iconic bag and it's been very strong worldwide. And we're in the middle of a big rollout for that bag, which we believe will have tremendous results within the fall season. And as you know, the accessory business tends to be an item business. Focused on the centerpiece of the Ricky, we believe we can develop a very strong accessory business with that as our centerpiece going forward.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. With that, I'll thank you, all, for your listening and your patience with the audio communication. Appreciate your support. We look forward to talking to you in August.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President and Director Christopher H. Peterson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Ralph Lauren Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on some of our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some merchandising highlights; and Chris Peterson, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial details for the third quarter, in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2013. After that, we will open up the call for your questions, which we please ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to be reporting better-than-expected third quarter and year-to-date profits this morning. Operating income rose 17% and diluted earnings per share was up 35%, excluding the Rugby-related charges, on sales growth of 2% in the third quarter. The strong profit flow-through really showcases the operational excellence of our global teams. Proactive and prudent planning, including thoughtful pricing and merchandise strategies, and disciplined expense management enabled us to improve our profitability despite sustained macroeconomic issues and several disruptive events in the 3-month period. During the quarter, revenue momentum was strongest at RalphLauren.com, Club Monaco, factory stores worldwide and our core North America wholesale operations. These top line trends were enhanced by excellent margin dynamics, a clear indication that we are gaining profitable market share in areas we are already very strong. We also experienced better trends out of Europe, where third quarter revenues increased 8% in constant currency led by growth at our retail operations. Momentum in the Americas and in Europe more than made up for the weakness in Japan and South Korea concession shops during the quarter. Club Monaco had a strong worldwide performance, a function of strong comp growth and expanded distribution, which is now included in the wholesale channel in Europe and e-commerce in North America. Both new and loyal customers are gravitating towards Club Monaco's compelling and unique merchandise assortments and the in-store experience. Our year-to-date results demonstrate that fiscal '13 is actualizing as the tale of 2 halves we described to you at the beginning of the year. Higher input costs and certain strategic decisions that weighed on sales and profit growth in the first half have transitioned to an improving profit growth story in the second half, supported by lower input costs, continued market share gains in North America and the incremental contribution of new stores and e-commerce platforms. This is happening even as we continue to make important investments in our long-term strategic growth initiatives. We've made good progress on our core initiatives, which are focused on the revenue side on extending our direct-to-customer reach, expanding our international presence and innovating with new merchandise categories in the year-to-date period while investing in our world-class infrastructure, supported by a fortress balance sheet. Our focus on these strategies lead us to expect more of our future growth to come from our retail operations as we are allocating a growing portion of our capital investment to retail development. We are funneling resources to our highest potential opportunities, particularly in e-commerce and in Asia. We've had to make some hard choices in resource allocation and in the process, such as closing Rugby, we believe these thoughtful decisions position us better for future growth. During the third quarter, we expanded our global e-commerce capabilities, leveraging our existing European sites to service Italy, Greece, Spain and Portugal. Today, we are servicing customers online in 11 countries throughout Europe. Two recent launches, Ralph Lauren in Japan and Club Monaco in North America, have gotten off to strong starts and confirm the growing importance of e-commerce. We continue to invest in this expanding online reach, particularly in Asia. Korea will be launched later this year, followed by China. As this year's holiday industry sales figures attest to, the continued shift in the customers' preference to shop online is undeniable. Industry-wide, online sales expanded at double-digit rates as brick-and-mortar stores struggled with sluggish customer traffic trends. Sales on smartphones and tablets are growing at an even faster rate. Traffic to RalphLauren.com from mobile devices was up 35% in the third quarter and gained 500 basis points of sales penetration compared to the prior year. The tremendous growth of our brand sales online is not limited to our own sites. We have experienced excellent growth with our most important wholesale customers, and we continue to invest in deepening those partnerships as e-commerce becomes more important to them. The incredible dynamism of e-commerce requires that we continually reinvest in upgrading the customer experience and improving customer service levels in all aspects of the business, particularly in people, technology, infrastructure and marketing. With the continued strong growth of our North American e-commerce operations, we have made the determination to intensify our support of the business by purchasing our distribution center in North Carolina, and beginning a project to double the size and capacity of the facility to over 800,000 square feet. We are contemplating our e-commerce efforts with the continued expansion of our brick-and-mortar store network. Our more recent store development efforts have primarily focused on marquee locations that appropriately showcase our most elevated Purple Label and Black Label assortments worldwide. Based on the tremendous demand of our Polo, women's Blue Label and children's merchandise, we believe there is a compelling global opportunity to open Polo Ralph Lauren stores that maximize the extraordinary appeal of these brands. Our past experiences suggest that when we are able to present our products in customized retail environments that really communicate Ralph's lifestyle vision, the customer rediscovers the World of Ralph Lauren in impactful new ways. So beyond the obvious benefits to our global retail development efforts, we believe a more compelling showcase of creativity and innovation supporting Polo, women's Blue Label and Childrenswear would be positively received by our global customers. The investments we've made to create the world's most fantastic shopping environments and enhanced customer service experiences, both online and off-line, has supported steady retail segment profit margin expansion over the last several years. The third quarter was no exception, with retail segment margins improving 60 basis points, excluding the Rugby charges. Improved profitability was achieved despite lackluster customer trends during the quarter. The 4% increase in global retail same-store sales is a testament to the success of our customer service and clienteling efforts, which ultimately delivered improved conversion and higher average dollar transaction size across most of our retail formats. I believe our third quarter performance, particularly the strong profit flow-through, confirms the vitality of our brand, the relevance of our strategy and the world-class capabilities of our management team. Our robust profit growth demonstrates the strength of our operating model in the face of a unique set of challenges, particularly in the United States, where consumers were distracted by a highly contentious presidential election and tremendous anxiety regarding the fiscal cliff, and where we experienced considerable disruption from Superstorm Sandy. I'd like to acknowledge the extraordinary effort of our organization in dealing with Sandy because I think the tremendous level of engagement and responsiveness really speaks to the heart and the character of our company. Ralph and I are proud of how our teams rallied to get the business back to normal in short order, especially during a time of significant personal disruption for many of them. And the team's energy wasn't just focused on the business, it was also channeled into helping out our colleagues in need and the communities in which we operate. Hundreds of employee volunteers committed thousands of hours to assist the recovery and relief efforts. The company donated tens of thousands of essential garments and warm-weather items and the Lauren family, the Polo Ralph Lauren Foundation and our employees collectively donated over $2 million to a variety of charities dedicated to improving the lives of those affected by the storm. The resilience, passion and optimism that was evidenced in how our team managed through Sandy is an inspiring reminder of the remarkable fabric of our organization. Chris will walk you through the outlook for the balance of the year and provide some perspective on how we are planning fiscal '14. But I want to underscore our commitment to investing in our key growth initiatives and our focus on monetizing those investments into strong returns for our shareholders. As Ralph said in this morning's press release, we have a successful track record of investing for growth. And with $1.4 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet, we certainly have the liquidity profile to stay the course with our key initiatives. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. As our third quarter results attest, we had a superb holiday season. The power of Ralph's vision and the strength of our product gave us the confidence to plan for robust growth across all distribution channels and in key regions, particularly in our core merchandise categories. Despite the weak operating environment that Roger spoke about earlier, the loyalty our brand enjoys is unique. And based on our third quarter performance, I think it is fair to say that our confidence paid off. As I mentioned in November, we were executing a two-pronged merchandising strategy to capture both self-purchase and giftgiving occasions. We offered exceptional merchandise across all product categories from the most luxurious items at our Ralph Lauren stores to robust assortments in department stores worldwide, thereby effectively leveraging the powerful equity and universal desirability of our brand. Our holiday bright story was extremely successful and beautifully combined strong fashion pieces, key items for a cohesive offering that struck just the right chord with the consumer. This approach was highly effective, particularly for our core men's, women's and children's offerings. Across all brand tiers, the strength of the product, the clarity of our key item strategies and the compelling value proposition clearly resonated with the customer. As we've become a more globally-oriented company, our merchandising teams are achieving an increasingly stronger and more consistent product message while still responding to important regional considerations for fabrics, weight, color and fit. Based on our success this holiday season, I believe that greater global coordination of our merchandising teams is something we will continue to leverage. How our product is presented to the customer is another important focus for us since this is where Ralph's vision truly comes to life. Our strong collaboration with both retail and wholesale partners ensure that our product and merchandising strategies were supported by best-in-class in-store and online presentations, as well as spectacular advertising and marketing that we believe contributed to excellent sell-throughs. Beyond the Ralph Lauren brand, our Chaps brand also had a very successful holiday season. Customers were drawn to its updated classic American appeal that was expressed through a fully-coordinated merchandising strategy across multiple product categories. Our regional merchandising tactics were particularly effective in driving great success in warm weather markets. Women's was especially strong, driven by trend-right fashions and colors and wear-now fabrications. I believe the momentum of Chaps is a clear demonstration of how perhaps even more in times of uncertainty, customers value trusted brands that deliver consistently high-quality merchandise at an excellent value. Important emerging merchandise categories, such as Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply and accessories, also achieved excellent growth in the quarter, and we continue to nurture these newer opportunities on an increasingly global scale. The excitement around Denim & Supply has grown as a result of the strong advertising and marketing that resonates with this brand's particular target audience. We have fantastic products with a fresh and youthful spirit that has tremendous appeal to the millennial customer worldwide. In a relatively short period of time, we've already established credibility as a go-to denim resource in what you all know is a highly competitive space. The strong acceptance of our washes and fits at this stage is especially encouraging because we know those factors drive tremendous customer loyalty. As we look to the future, we will build on this momentum by expanding distribution for Denim & Supply, adding additional wholesale doors, increasing the brand's online presence and opening more freestanding stores in high-profile markets around the world. Our accessories product continued to gain traction in the marketplace with increasing momentum from season to season and benefiting from expanded global distribution. Growth for our women's footwear, handbags and small leather goods has been especially strong, albeit on a relatively modest base. We've had great success integrating both Polo and Ralph Lauren's men's accessories into our existing points of distribution, where our apparel business is, of course, so strong. These highly-curated accessories offerings fit perfectly within our lifestyle merchandising approach and are seen as a natural extension of the brand proposition. Initial customer response has been better than we anticipated, and we look forward to seeing this category develop for us. Since accessories are a critical component of our company-wide strategic growth objectives to innovate with new products, extend our direct-to-consumer reach and expand our international presence, we continue to reinforce our commitment to the category. We're building a stronger platform for growth by investing in incremental design and merchandising talent, and supporting them with more sophisticated and efficient means of developing samples and prototypes. This will allow us to more readily effect change and leverage our innovation to drive either -- even stronger growth. Our ability to execute critical product development and merchandising strategies is made possible by the tremendous capabilities and support of our sourcing, supply chain and logistics teams. Their partnership ensures that we are flowing the right product at the right time, which is easier said than done for a business as complex as ours is across so many brands, merchandise categories, channels and regions. The extreme discipline of these teams enabled us to navigate through considerable disruption in the quarter. In addition to Superstorm Sandy, we were also contending with 2 dock strikes, but the teams didn't miss a beat. Their partnership means that we were able to flow through the margin benefit of the lower input costs. I don't think there's any better proof of the operational excellence of our organization than the 35% profit growth flow-through we achieved in the quarter. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen in this morning's press release, we're reporting strong third quarter results today. Consolidated net revenues were $1.8 billion, 2% above the prior year period and in line with what we anticipated back in November, despite the disruptive operating environment Roger spoke to earlier. The growth in net revenues primarily reflects continued retail segment expansion that was partially offset by a planned contraction in wholesale shipments. Excluding the impact of strategic decisions to discontinue American Living and store closures associated with the company's Greater China repositioning efforts, in addition to the net negative impact of foreign currency translation, revenues increased 5% in the third quarter. Gross profit margin of 59.3% is a new peak level for the third quarter and was 220 basis points greater than the prior year, which was better than our expectations. The improvement in gross profit margin is primarily attributable to lower input costs, favorable product mix and operational discipline. Operating expenses of $790 million were 4% greater than the prior year, driven by overall business expansion including higher retail segment mix, continued investment in our growth initiatives and approximately $13 million of impairment and restructuring charges related to the discontinuation of Rugby. Operating expense rate of 42.8% was 60 basis points greater than the prior year, but was better than our initial expectations for the quarter, primarily due to disciplined expense management across the organization. Operating expense rate also benefited from a shift in the timing of certain marketing and IT infrastructure spending out of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. Excluding Rugby-related charges, the third quarter's operating expense rate was approximately 10 basis points below the prior year. Operating income of $304 million was 13% greater than the prior year period and operating margin improved 150 basis points to 16.5%. Excluding Rugby-related charges, operating income increased 17% and operating margin expanded 220 basis points to 17.2%. The lower-than-expected operating expense rate accounted for most of the upside to the operating margin outlook we provided in November. Net income for the third quarter was $216 million, 28% greater than the prior year period, and net income per diluted share increased 30% to $2.31 a share. Excluding Rugby-related charges, net income rose 33% and net income per diluted share grew 35%. The substantial increases in net income and net income per diluted share were the result of higher operating income and a lower effective tax rate of 27%. The nearly 900 basis point decline in the third quarter's effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the net favorable impact of an approximate $15 million discrete tax item in the quarter. Tax rate was better than outlook we provided in November due to the geographic mix of business during the quarter. Regarding our segment highlights for the quarter, wholesale sales of $734 million were 2% below the prior year period as the discontinuation of American Living in fiscal '13, a proactive reduction in shipments to certain European wholesale customers and the net negative impact of foreign currency translation more than offset continued growth in core and emerging merchandise categories in the Americas. Wholesale operating income of $145 million in the third quarter was 29% greater than the prior year, and wholesale operating margin increased 470 basis points to 19.7%. The significant improvement in wholesale operating margin was primarily due to higher gross profit margins as a result of lower input costs, favorable product mix and overall operational discipline. Moving on to the retail segment. Third quarter sales rose 6% to $1.1 billion, supported by a 4% increase in comparable store sales and the contribution from new stores and e-commerce operations. Sales trends continued to be strongest online and at factory stores worldwide. Growth was partially offset by weakness at concession shops in Japan and South Korea, and by store closures associated with the Greater China network repositioning effort. We estimate that Hurricane Sandy had a 1% to 2% negative impact on our comparable store sales growth in the quarter as a substantial portion of our store network was incapacitated for several days and people in the affected areas were primarily focused on recovery and relief efforts. Despite the challenges of the overall retail environment, 4% comp growth in the third quarter was achieved on top of difficult multi-year comparisons. Comp growth was primarily a function of stronger conversion and higher average dollar transaction sizes. Excluding Rugby-related charges, retail segment operating income grew 9% to $211 million in the third quarter, and the retail operating margin increased 60 basis points to 19.8%. The improvement in retail operating income and the expansion in operating margin are primarily due to improved profitability in the Americas and Europe. Licensing revenues were $50 million in the third quarter, 1% greater than the prior year as higher domestic product licensing revenues were partially offset by the transition of certain South American licensing arrangements to directly controlled operations. Operating income for the licensing segment rose 3% to $37 million as a result of higher licensing revenues and lower net costs. Consolidated inventory was up 10% at the end of the quarter, and we spent approximately $78 million on capital expenditures to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. The company repurchased just under 1 million shares of its common stock during the quarter at an average cost of $154.50 a share, utilizing $150 million of our authorized share repurchase program. In the first 9 months of the fiscal year, we repurchased $450 million of stock and returned approximately $578 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividend payments. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.4 billion in cash and investments. So a great quarter by any standard and even more so considering the unique environmental challenges we faced. At this point, I'd like to review our outlook for the balance of the year. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue growth to accelerate and increase by a mid single-digit percentage. Our expectation is based on an 8% to 11% increase in retail segment sales and wholesale sales that are about flat to the prior year period. Included in our consolidated net revenue growth outlook for the quarter is an approximate 300 basis point net negative impact due to strategic decisions regarding certain operations, including store closures associated with the Greater China network repositioning efforts, the discontinuation of American Living and unfavorable foreign exchange effects. Operating margin for the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately 125 to 150 basis points greater than the prior year period due to lower input costs and continued expense management. The fourth quarter tax rate is expected to be approximately 29%. For the full year fiscal 2013 period, we expect revenues to increase by 2%, which includes an approximate 400 to 500 basis point net negative impact associated with strategic decisions regarding certain operations, including store closures associated with the company's Greater China network repositioning efforts, the discontinuation of American Living and unfavorable foreign currency exchange effects. In light of our better-than-expected third quarter results, we're raising our profit outlook for the year. The full year fiscal 2013 operating margin is now expected to be approximately 75 to 100 basis points greater than last year, which compares to our previous expectation of an approximate 50 basis point increase from the prior year's level. We continue to anticipate that an improvement in gross margin will be partially offset by a higher operating expense rate due to the investments we've made in the company's long-term strategic initiatives and to higher retail channel mix. We estimate the full year tax rate at approximately 32%. The fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2013 expectations that I just outlined do not include onetime charges associated with the discontinuation of our Rugby operations. We estimate Rugby-related impairment restructuring charges to be $20 million to $25 million on a pretax basis, which is at the lower end of our original expectation of $20 million to $30 million from last quarter. $13 million of these charges were incurred in the third quarter, and we expect the balance to be recognized in the fourth quarter. We expect all operations to cease before the current fiscal year end for Rugby. We remain committed to reinvesting in the business in order to fund the growth initiatives that have supported the company's strong financial results over the last several years. While we are still in process of refining our fiscal 2014 budget, I did want to provide some qualitative insight into how we're approaching next fiscal year. We expect revenue growth to accelerate from fiscal 2013's level based on the contribution from a number of the growth initiatives we've invested in this year and a more comparable base of business as we will lap the discontinuation of American Living and the store closures associated with our Greater China network repositioning efforts at the end of this fiscal year. Revenue growth is expected to be retail-led in fiscal '14 with international markets and e-commerce leading the growth. We intend to invest in a number of key initiatives as part of the fiscal 2014 plan. These include an acceleration in retail network expansion in China, continued global e-commerce expansion and a significant investment in IT infrastructure. With respect to retail network expansion in China, we expect to incur higher expenses associated with preopening, rent and other costs compared to fiscal 2013. For global e-commerce, we plan to increase our investment to broaden our reach into new countries, upgrade our sites and customer experience in existing markets, and expand warehousing and distribution capacity. Regarding IT infrastructure, we are executing a phased implementation of SAP over the next few years that will require a significant investment in operating expenses and capital. In fiscal 2014, we expect to convert global product procurement and the order of the cash process for our North American wholesale operations from legacy systems to SAP. Over time, we believe SAP implementation will yield productivity improvements and procurement savings in addition to providing the company with a stronger platform for future growth. It's an exciting endeavor for the company, and it's a process I've had a lot of experience with in my past. While we expect the investments we're planning to make in fiscal 2014 to result in higher operating expenses in the near term, they are all expected to generate returns that greatly exceed our cost of capital. We will be completing the fiscal 2014 planning process over the next 2 months, and we'll provide a more detailed outlook for next year when we report our fourth quarter earnings in May. Finally, I wanted to touch on the status of the Chaps men's sportswear license with Warnaco since I know many of you have an interest in learning about our plans for those operations. As I mentioned on the last call, we have the right to terminate the existing license agreement upon a change of control, which would be triggered upon the closing of the transaction between Warnaco and PVH. After reviewing our alternatives, we now expect that if a change of control is triggered, we will terminate the license and look to take direct control of the Chaps men's sportswear operations. Now we'd like to open the call up to questions. Operator, can you assist us with this?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Roger, could you talk about Europe? It was interesting to hear you mention -- it sounded like you're seeing a reacceleration there. But it's interesting that it's happening more on the retail side than perhaps the wholesale side. Can you talk about some of your strategies for the European market? What you're seeing across the different channels? Obviously, it's a very complex market with many different countries and regions. And then with some of the areas you feel like you can really improve the business there and still drive growth. That'd be very helpful.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Omar, we talked on the last call, I think, about beginning to see some signs of strengthening business trends in Europe, and I reported the constant currency revenue increase of 8%, which is quite exciting given the market turbulence. Retail has led that charge, and we're excited to see that continue. The wholesale business is actually split by region because what we're seeing is ongoing softness in Italy, Spain and the southern part of Europe. It's partly why we planned for reduced shipments into that specialty distribution in Italy, both in an effort to cut back and also to make sure we could collect on shipments made. And also because the Spanish business, which is very large wholesale customer, with ECI, we planned for lower shipments. That was offset by stronger wholesale business in the northern countries, including Germany and the U.K. and the Scandinavian markets. So even within that headline statement, it's really a by-country conversation, and we actually saw strong sell-throughs in the wholesale shipments for this holiday season. So while I think Europe will continue to be plagued by some uncertainty, we are adjusting our plans, our strategies for a realistic point of view. I think the euro has strengthened, surprisingly, in the recent past. And I think that's a positive. And I think Europe continues to be experiencing tremendous tourism. Albeit slightly off the run rate of earlier in the year, it's still getting large numbers of tourists. And in our case, we continue to look for growing penetration of the Chinese. But until that comes, the Russians, the customers in the Middle East who know us, and interestingly enough, the third-largest tourist customer base in Europe is the Brazilians. So we continue to work both the domestic customer in Europe and the tourist customer. And I think that speaks to our online strategies. It's why we opened additional countries. Our online site is resonating with the customers, as well as the brick-and-mortar strategies that go with it. So all in all, Europe is probably better than we expected as we started this year.
Operator: Next question will come from Kate McShane with Citi.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: With regard to the expense spending in fiscal year '14, I wondered if that was incorporating the flagship investment that you're planning to make in China, and if you can update us on the timing of those 3 flagships you've mentioned in the past.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. I think that's clearly part of our thinking. I think that with regard to flagships in China, we're focused on trying to make sure we have the right real estate. I don't know that we'll wind up opening all 3 at the same time. I think this is more of a vision of over the next couple of years of what we'll do. But certainly, it's contemplated in our fiscal '14 plan that we will be opening stores throughout China, including a flagship location.
Roger N. Farah: I think, Kate, you know that to find these unique locations takes time. We're very optimistic in the 3 cities we've articulated. We do have a flagship men's store opening up May-June of this year. We think it's going to be the World of Ralph Lauren as the Chinese have never seen it. But when you find the flagships, it's probably a year of dead rent and construction before you open the doors to take your first customers. So it's critical over time we get those. We're stalking them, they're stalking us. But at the end of the day, probably only one will open in fiscal '14.
Operator: Next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie Capital.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: So I'm interested in the 2014 outlook. It sounds as though you're saying sales growth will accelerate and SG&A investment will accelerate. But we saw some really nice earnings growth in this quarter. Any viewpoint on sort of whether or not that sort of that magnitude of earnings growth could continue through 2014?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I think at this point we're still in the planning stage, so we haven't completed the budget cycle for '14. So I think you're -- the overall comments we made about revenue growth accelerating, but also SG&A expenses being higher because of the investments we want to make in the long-term health of the business is what we're seeing in terms of how the budget's going to play out. But we're not at a point yet where we can provide detailed guidance in terms of what the net impact of that's going to be. And we certainly will plan to do that on the next call, in May, once we've completed the budget process.
Roger N. Farah: I think, Liz, we have demonstrated over the years and over the quarters that we do a pretty good job of flowing through profit on incremental sales. And so as we communicate the May results, I would probably not expect ongoing 35% EPS growth every quarter. We're very proud of that. We aspire to that. But that might be a tad bullish.
Operator: Next question comes from Christian Buss with Crdit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I was wondering if I could get some update on the more mature markets in Asia and how they're performing, and whether the initial response in China is as expected or ahead of plan.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Chris. I will try to respond to that. As you know, China is still in its infancy. We went through a very big decision to pull down most of the network that had been put in place by a 20-year plus relationship with a licensee, and that has played out over the last 18 months. And thankfully, we're lapping that as we head into the beginning of the new fiscal year. We're on track to open 11 stores this year, plus or minus a few 20 next year. And I think we're beginning to lay the foundation for what, over time, will be a very successful market. The bulk of our Asia Pac sales at the moment are generated in Japan and South Korea, and those are built on a network of shop and shops in the department stores. So we're really more dependent in those 2 key countries on footsteps generated by the department stores and then our ability to get market share within that footstep traffic. This third quarter for us, both of those department store models suffered traffic erosions. So while we think we picked up share, it was a more difficult trading environment. And the new stores in Hong Kong or China are still small in relation to the overall scale of the Korean and the Japanese markets. So the teams over there have worked very hard to refine assortments. We've learned every season more and more about that customer and what they want, and we're now beginning to supplement around it freestanding retail-owned stores in Japan, remerchandising Korea. And then, obviously, the Chinese business serviced in Macau or Taiwan or the Philippines or Malaysia is all oriented towards freestanding retail. I think the big change that maybe you all understand is that the early doors are primarily pure luxury. They are Collection, Black Label, Purple Label, and we feel very good about establishing that business. But we're also now feeling very bullish about the ability to open Polo stores, children's stores and Denim & Supply. So that the overall strategy of distribution in the market is balanced, allows us to attract customers within our pyramid of brands and we're getting good feedback every day on each one of those strategies.
Operator: We'll now hear from David Glick with Buckingham Research.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Roger, just wanted to get a little more color on the accessory business. Obviously, you're getting some nice growth there. I was wondering if you could perhaps dimensionalize the business for us in terms of the penetration, where you are and where you're headed, and in particular, how you might approach that business differently as you essentially kind of started a new business in China where obviously demand for accessories is very strong.
Roger N. Farah: Yes, David, we are very committed to the growth of accessories and, of course, it always depends on what your definition of accessories are. I'm going to use the term broadly to be small leather goods, handbags, footwear, eyewear, jewelry, watches, et cetera. And as you know, it represents a smaller part of our luxury business than most other people considered in the luxury sector. As we are expanding our own retail footprint, we are respacing our stores. A lot of the Asian real estate will be positioned with expanded assortments available in accessories. Clearly the Madison Avenue stores reflect expanded assortments, and Europe will do the same. So we're really in the early stages of giving it main floor expanded space, and we're beginning to see good traction from the customer. At this point, it's not really a strategy loaded with a lot of wholesale expectations, although there'll be some. It's really our ability to deliver a message and a level of expertise in our own brick-and-mortar and e-commerce space. So that is playing out as the new real estate is coming on, and we're encouraged by not only the Ricky Bag, but some of the key merchandise categories that are going to be important to us going forward. As you know, we're pushing very hard on that at a luxury tier. That business is the backbone of most of our luxury competitors at high margins, high productivity. And I think we've said before, and we'll say it again, it's very important. We aspire to penetrations, particularly in Asia where the customer is very oriented towards accessories, to penetrations that are 5 or 6 times what we get today in our normal stores.
Operator: We'll hear from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Roger, on Europe, I was encouraged by your comments that Europe sounds like it's showing some green shoots there. On the wholesale business, could you just maybe give us some thoughts on what inning you think you're in as far as the proactive reduction in shipments there, when do we anniversary those initial cutbacks, and how you see it going -- how do you think about restarting that business and the growth outlook as you kind of start to anniversary those cuts? And then finally, on the comments you made about the Polo brand and maybe opening some stores specifically for that brand and shining a light on that, I think it's safe to assume that that's where the real scale benefits you enjoy as a business come from. And I assume that comes with some gross margin tailwinds for the company if that comes with a bigger mix over the next few years. Maybe you could address that.
Roger N. Farah: Sure. I'll start with the Polo brands. As you know, we represent the most important menswear brands in the industry, in every market we're in, and the backbone of that has been Polo. And I think with all the excitement over the years about Purple Label and Black Label and RLX and all the other initiatives, we're very cognizant that Polo is in high demand around the world. And as we elevated assortments on a Madison Avenue or New Bond Street, we were shrinking the assortments of Polo represented in those stores to highlight the other luxury brands. And what we realized is that there was a tremendous appetite by our customers for what we call the Blue Label products, men's and women's and kids, that we weren't satisfying in the direct-to-customer. We certainly were excelling at the wholesale distribution where there is credible wholesale distribution available. But in parts of Asia and in other parts of the world, where you have to depend on direct-to-customer through your own stores, Brazil would be another example, we really got very excited, and Ralph has really led the charge on envisioning a more complete Polo story that we can take directly to the customer. That could be flagship locations or that could be smaller-sized footprints in appropriate sized markets. The margins on those business are higher than the total. So any incremental penetration of Polo is a positive for the overall company margins. In reference to your first question about -- I like the green shoots in Europe, we think that heading into fiscal '14, most of the recalibration of forward shipments has been done. If you go back about 5 years, the largest 2 wholesale countries for us in Europe were Italy and Spain. And today they're not. And so we've already seen over the course of several seasons and years a shift and a development in Germany, in France, in England and really the Scandinavian markets. But today I think we head into spring shipping for our calendar '14 and for fall bookings, and I think we're beginning to feel like that's leveled out.
Operator: We'll move to a question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Roger, I just wanted to kind of circle back on one of the prior questions related to Europe, but really focusing more on the margin side. I guess, it's encouraging to see some of the improved margins, in the retail side in particular. Could you just maybe address some of the changes you've made throughout the year in terms of merchandise flows, mark-down rate management or just maybe changes that have happened in the in-store selling environment that have really driven some of this improvement? And then, as we think about that segment from a profitability perspective, how should we think about the longer-term potential both in Europe retail profitability as well as the global basis?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Erinn. Let me see if I can condense my thoughts because there's not a single syllable or a single sentence that talks to what has been a multi-year initiative to raise the profitability of retail. Some of you who followed the story over the years knew that, that was one of our core initiatives. And we've come a long way and we continue to exhibit margin upside even in what would be called a tough quarter from macro issues. I think we've just learned to be professional retailers. Our history as a company was really in the licensing and wholesale side of the distribution network, and I think we do that superbly. I think it's interesting, the wholesale team teaches the retail team, and we cross-pollinate best practices in terms of assortments, presentation, sales support, customer service. And then when you overlay the e-commerce business, both in wholesale and retail, I think we're really trying to approach and service a customer in any of the channels they want to shop in on a global basis more consistently. So we're definitely getting more professional about staffing alignments with traffic patterns. We're definitely getting more thoughtful about conversion rates, average dollar transaction, multiple sales, fulfilling orders for customers that may come through the Internet out of the brick-and-mortar if we don't have the inventory or vice versa. And I think we have achieved the level of profitability on the back of extraordinary sales per square foot, and we have driven and continue to drive the sales per square foot as an operating metric. The other thing that we try to focus on, I think to our advantage, is gross margin dollars returned per square foot. So it's not always margin rates or sales per square foot, but it's the ability to develop the dollars per square foot and how you allocate space and how you focus your attention that ultimately has dollars flowing to the bottom line. So there are a lot of things going on that probably would be longer than I could answer here. But I think we've got some real professionals worldwide, and I think we're trying to apply lessons learned in one channel or one product category or one region to the overall corporate initiatives.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Barbara Wyckoff with Credit Agricole.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Going back to China, looking out 3 to 5 years in China, how would you see the balance of business kind of playing out, umbrella of Collection, Black Label, high-end luxury, the Blue Label type doors, crossing men's, women's, children's, and then the role of the outlets?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Barbara, I'm going to try. And I'm not sure whether 3 to 5 years or whatever we would define as medium and long term. I think the subject in China is really our pyramid of brands and our hierarchy of distribution will primarily occur in retail. So in other markets where we have a balance of retail and wholesale, the wholesale channels tend to carry a lot of Blue Label, a lot of the businesses that are more broad in their appeal and then our retail tends to focus on the more elevated luxury. I think given that China will be dominated by direct-to-consumer, whether brick-and-mortar or e-commerce, we will attempt over time to replicate the pyramid of products from the most elevated, most fashionable, most expensive straight through the hierarchy with a similar profile of real estate. That will partly be determined by square footage and location. It will probably be determined by productivity. And so as we continue to get better brand awareness in a country where our brands are not well known, we have to raise brand awareness about who we are and what we do. We also think beyond China, that will wash out into Europe and the United States and other markets. We just showed some statistics to our board yesterday that showed the Chinese today have now become the #1 luxury customer in the world, and they're 30% of the luxury buying in Europe and they're 15% of the luxury buying in the United States. And so our initiatives in China, while substantial and real, we think will have an extraordinary halo over the rest of the company in multiple locations. And today, it's not a very big part of our total. So our results and our achievements are absent meaningful contribution by the Chinese customer on a worldwide basis. So with that, I'd like to thank you all for listening and participating. We are all very excited about the results. We're very excited about the company's initiative around Sandy. We think we've got a beat on operating metrics for the balance of the year and into next year. So we look forward to updating you in May.
Operator: Thank you, sir. That does conclude today's teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President and Director Christopher H. Peterson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Robert F. Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Ralph Lauren's Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some merchandising highlights; and Chris Peterson, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial details for the second quarter, in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2013. After that, we'll open the call up to your questions, which we ask that you please limit to one per caller. During today's call, we'll be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I hope that those of you who were impacted by Hurricane Sandy over the past few days got through the storm safe and sound. As much as we wanted to report our second quarter and first half results, the safety of our employees was our first priority and that required that we delayed the release until today. As many of you have had a chance to see the results that we reported this morning, continue to showcase the tremendous resilience of our operating model in the context of the sustained macro headwinds. Revenues of $1.9 billion in the second quarter were modestly below the prior year, primarily due to strategic changes we decided to make in our business, including the store closures associated with our Greater China network repositioning efforts and the discontinuation of American Living. If we exclude the impact of those decisions in addition to the unfavorable foreign exchange effects, revenues increased approximately 3%. It's also important to recognize that the basis of comparison were pretty formidable. We achieved double-digit revenue growth in each of the preceding 2-year periods. Operating margins expanded 30 basis points to 18.7% in the quarter, reflecting strong improvements at both our wholesale and retail segments. The improved margin structure of our business was primarily a result of a recovery in gross profit margin that was achieved by the combination of lower input costs, thoughtful pricing strategies and operational discipline. While second quarter operating expenses were higher than the prior year, we were able to manage this through our sustained efforts of operational excellence on a global basis. As you will recall, we originally characterized fiscal '13 as the tale of 2 halves, with operating margin pressure in the first half of the year, followed by operating margin expansion in the second half. And while our year-to-date operating margin performance has been better than we anticipated, expanding modestly, we continue to expect stronger growth in the second half of the year. Since I know many of you are interested in business trends by region, I'd like to highlight some of our key observations. I would characterize the operating environment as mostly resilient in the Americas, where we are -- we continued to bolster our leadership position in our core men's, women's and children merchandise categories, and where we have successfully partnered with our key customers to secure incremental distribution for emerging categories, particularly handbags, footwear, dresses and Denim & Supply. In Europe, while our most recent experiences suggest that the trends are stabilizing, it's too soon to become more constructive with our near-term outlook in that region. The southern countries continue to be more challenging than the northern market. We continue to plan our businesses across all channels responsibly, and we will look to chase demand as it materializes. Over the long term, we believe that there is substantial growth of the Ralph Lauren brand throughout Europe, particularly as we focus on our direct consumer development, with new stores and e-commerce growth in the region. In Asia, the operating environment has been softer than we planned for. Customer traffic to Japanese and South Korean department stores, which is where most of our distribution is currently concentrated, is tracking below the prior year levels. We attribute the drop in traffic to the broader economic malaise that is weighing on consumers and business sentiment throughout the region. Performance at our freestanding stores in Asia is holding up better than our department store location, and we believe those stand-alone stores will become even stronger as we expand the Ralph Lauren store presence throughout the region. We continue to make excellent progress resetting our Asia presence by upgrading shop locations and merchandising assortments to better align with our global positioning. We opened 7 stores in the region and launched e-commerce in Japan during the second quarter. We plan to open an additional 14 stores there in the back half of the year. As many of you know, extending our direct-to-customer reach is one of our core strategic growth objectives. I think the real progress we've made with our retail operations over the last 5 years is a testament to the ability to continue to raise the bar and establish new levels of excellence and criteria for success. We've grown our retail mix to 51% of our consolidated sales in the first half of fiscal '13 from 39% at the end of fiscal '08, and our retail segment operating profitability has expanded to 19% from 11% in the same time period. This progress is a result of the consistent investment along many dimensions, including capital for our new stores, concession shops, enhanced distribution and logistics capability and from launching e-commerce sites and for technology to enhance our in-store experience. As you saw in this morning's press release, we've made the tough decision to close the Rugby brand. As a result, we'll be closing all 14 stores and rugby.com by the end of fiscal '13. This was not an easy decision to make, considering the hard work of the Rugby team over the few years and the tremendous loyalty of the Rugby core customers. We continue to believe that we can service the millennium Rugby customer with brands such as Denim & Supply and Club Monaco. And we have the opportunity to drive better returns in our vertical retail concepts by focusing our efforts on brands that have a proven global footprint. Our year-to-date results demonstrate that we are driving improved profitability by focusing our capital and managerial resources on the most compelling long-term opportunities, but the external factors we are contending with and managing day-to-day are real. The macroeconomic environment is mixed, at best, characterized by slowing trends in Asia, modest growth in the United States and continued uncertainty in Europe. We expect these conditions to persist through the balance of the year. Notwithstanding the current environment, we are excited about what we believe we can achieve over the next several years. And as Ralph said in this morning's press release, our vision and purpose are clear, and we have the financial strength and the operational excellence to deliver on a global basis. Before I turn the call over to Jacki, I just want to express how delighted we are to welcome Chris Peterson, our new CFO, to our organization and today's call. As many of you are aware, Chris joined us after a rich 20-year tenure at Procter & Gamble in various financial and operational roles. We believe his wide-ranging, world-class skill set will be an excellent addition to our leadership team, and I know you all will enjoy meeting him soon and working with him in the future. Jacki?
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. In the fall season, we strengthened our leadership position in our core men's, women's and children's merchandise categories and also continued the strong momentum of our newer dress and accessory businesses. As you know, the fall season is especially associated with the aesthetic and sensibility of the Ralph Lauren brand. Given the tremendous success of color in the spring and summer season, we incorporated bright into the classic autumn palette, which translated beautifully on the selling floor. Updated silhouettes and strong prints and patterns brought newness and novelty to our apparel and accessory offerings, and the consumer responded favorably. And, of course, fall coincides with the critical back-to-school selling season, where our core programs for boys and girls and our new denim fits and washes for Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply also contributed to our success. What I think is most impressive about the strong momentum in our core business is that it was achieved on top of already-robust increases over the last 2 years. As you've heard me say before, our leadership and market position start with the quality of our products, beginning with unrivaled design capabilities realized through the highest quality sourcing and manufacturing and showcased for the consumer with the most compelling merchandising initiatives and exceptional in-store and online presentations. This seamless collaboration and execution across all disciplines and departments also contributes to our gross margin performance. As you saw in this morning's press release, we experienced a very strong increase in our gross profit margin during the second quarter. Most of the increase was achieved as a result of lower cost of goods, primarily a decline in the price of cotton, but strategic and operational elements also contributed to the improvement. More upfront and coordinated efforts between our design and sourcing teams allowed us to achieve more favorable lead times and costing to produce and ship our merchandise. We also saw improvements in supply chain, where we more effectively leveraged our distribution centers to provide a higher level of customer service to our retail partners, while simultaneously reducing cost. With more direct control of our worldwide distribution, we believe we have the opportunity over the long term to establish larger and more global merchandising initiatives that not only support the incremental gross margin expansion, but also deliver a cohesive and impactful brand message to the consumer. Additionally, to support the growth of our handbag and footwear businesses, we have strengthened our in-house capabilities in Europe and Asia to more efficiently and effectively develop prototypes and samples. We believe this investment will continue to fuel our innovation in these high-growth categories, and it certainly reflects our commitment to building a powerful accessories business. Seamless execution has always been a core strength of the Ralph Lauren organization and the excellent work of these teams continue to leverage our world-class best practices and help to support our profit expansion. We expect additional gross profit margin improvement in the second half of fiscal '13 as a result of lower raw material costs, more ready availability of production capacity and ongoing improvements to our global supply chain and logistics processes. As we begin the holiday season, you all know there is no better gift to give or receive than the gift of Ralph Lauren. The power, equity and aspirational nature of our brand make the holiday selling period historically strong one for us. But we never rest on our laurels. This year, we leveraged the appeal of the brand and the breadth and depth of our product offering across our men's, women's, children's, accessories and home lines to ensure that we stand tall among the many choices before the consumer. With our strategic partners, we continue the successful approach of a focused holiday merchandising story, built upon distinctive, creative capabilities that our company holds. Our product and marketing messages will be strong and clear across all consumer touch points in-store and online. And this approach, so long associated with the Ralph Lauren brand, has also been extended to the Chaps brand, where we expect it will resonate just as well. Across all families of business, we are well prepared for a powerful selling season. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher H. Peterson: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be speaking with you this morning on my first earnings call as the company's CFO, and I look forward to meeting many of you over the coming months. As you've seen in this morning's press release, consolidated net revenues were $1.9 billion in the second quarter, 2% below the prior year period and better than the mid-single-digit decrease we anticipated back in August. The decline in net revenues primarily reflects a planned contraction in wholesale shipments that was offset by continued retail segment expansions. Excluding the impact of strategic decisions to discontinue American Living, store closures associated with the company's Greater China repositioning efforts and the net negative impact of foreign currency translation, revenues increased 3% in the second quarter. Gross profit margin of 58.8% was 220 basis points greater than the prior year, which was slightly better than our expectations. The improvement in gross profit margin is attributable to lower input cost, higher retail segment penetration and operational discipline. Operating expenses of $747 million were 3% greater than the prior year period, driven by continued investment in our growth initiatives, higher retail channel mix and increased advertising and marketing expenses. Operating expense rate of 40.1% was 190 basis points greater than the prior year but was better than our initial expectations for the quarter, primarily due to the operational discipline of the organization. Operating income of $348 million was 1% below the prior year period. Operating margin improved 30 basis points to 18.7%, a function of the gross profit and operating expense dynamics I discussed previously. The lower-than-expected operating expense rate accounted for most of the upside to the operating margin outlook we provided in August. Net income for the second quarter was $214 million, 8% below the prior year period, and net income per diluted share declined 7% to $2.29. The lower net income and net income per diluted share were primarily a result of a higher effective tax rate of 38%. The nearly 500 basis point increase in the second quarter's effective tax rate is attributable to the net negative impact of an approximate $15 million onetime discrete tax item in the quarter. Regarding our segment highlights for the quarter. Wholesale segment sales of $915 million were 8% below the prior year period as a proactive reduction in shipments to certain European specialty stores and the net negative impact of foreign currency translation more than offset continued growth in core and emerging merchandise categories in the Americas. Comparisons with the prior year were also challenged by the discontinuation of American Living in fiscal 2013 and the global launch of Denim & Supply in the prior year period. Wholesale operating income of $233 million in the second quarter was 4% below the prior year. Wholesale operating margin increased 120 basis points to 25.5%. The improvement in wholesale operating margin was primarily due to higher gross profit margins as a result of lower input cost and overall operational discipline. Moving on to the retail segment. Second quarter sales rose 5% to $901 million, supported by a 3% increase in comparable store sales on a reported basis and 5% in constant currency, as well as the contribution from new stores and e-commerce operations. Sales trends were strongest online and at factory stores worldwide, and growth was partially offset by store closures associated with our Greater China network repositioning efforts. Our 5% constant currency comp growth in the second quarter was achieved on top of challenging multiyear comparisons. Despite lackluster global traffic trends, particularly in the world's gateway cities, comp growth was primarily achieved as a function of stronger conversion, which is a direct reflection of our world-class customer service and clientele-ing [ph] efforts. Retail segment operating income grew 8% to $157 million in the second quarter, and the retail operating margin increased 60 basis points to 17.4%. The improvement in retail operating income and the expansion in operating margin are primarily due to comparable store sales growth and disciplined operational management that more than offset continued investment in global e-commerce and the impact from our Greater China network repositioning efforts. Licensing revenue were $47 million in the second quarter, 3% below the prior year, due to the discontinuation of certain American Living and South American licensing arrangements. As a result of lower licensing revenues, operating income for the licensing segment declined 2% to $35 million. Consolidated inventory was up 7% at the end of the quarter on a reported basis, and we spent approximately $55 million on capital expenditures to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments and $832 million in net cash. In the fiscal year-to-date period, we have returned approximately $355 million to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividend payments. We're pleased with our second quarter results and first quarter -- and first half results, which demonstrate the strong operational discipline of the organization in the context of challenging market conditions. As Roger mentioned earlier, while we exceeded our sales and profit expectations for the first half of the year, we continue to expect fiscal 2013 to play out as a tale of 2 halves, with the second half characterized by stronger year-over-year results. While it's too early to determine the full impact from Hurricane Sandy, we have tried to make reasonable assumptions based on what we know today. We know that when the storm first hit on Monday, 81 stores, representing about 20% of our directly operated store network, were closed. We also saw some disruption to the e-commerce business as many customers were without electricity. Reopenings have been staggered throughout the week, depending on safety conditions and the availability of electricity. Approximately, a dozen stores remain closed as of this morning. I do want to knowledge the tremendous achievements of our various corporate and retail store organizations, whose heroic efforts in the face of such adversity has enabled us to chart a course to recovery relatively quickly. At this point, we know we've lost a modest amount of revenues for the third quarter, but there is still some uncertainty with respect to the lingering impact the hurricane might have on future sales trends. With that as backdrop, I'd like to review the financial outlook we provided in this morning's press release. For the third quarter, we currently expect consolidated net revenues to increase by a low single-digit percentage. Our expectation is based on a mid-single-digit increase in retail segment sales that is partially offset by a low single-digit decline in global wholesale sales. Included in our consolidated net revenue growth outlook for the quarter is an approximate 400-basis-point net negative impact due to strategic decisions regarding certain operations, including store closures associated with the company's Greater China network repositioning efforts, the discontinuation of American Living and unfavorable foreign currency effects. Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be approximately 25 to 75 basis points greater than the prior year period. The anticipated improvement in operating margin is primarily attributable to gross margin improvement that is partially offset by continued investment in the company's long-term strategic initiatives and higher retail channel mix. We expect the third quarter tax rate to be approximately 29% due to the recent favorable resolution of a discrete tax item. For the full year fiscal 2013 period, we currently expect revenues to increase by 2% to 3%, which compares to our prior expectation of mid-single-digit growth and includes an approximately 400- to 500-basis-point net negative impact associated with strategic decisions regarding certain operations, including store closures associated with the company's Greater China network repositioning efforts, the discontinuation of American Living and unfavorable foreign currency affects. The moderation in our full year revenue outlook is primarily a result of weaker-than-anticipated store trends throughout Asia, in addition to sustained weakness in tourist travel to major gateway cities in the U.S. and Europe. The full year operating margin is expected to be approximately 50 basis points greater than last year, which is an improvement relative to our prior expectation of only a modest increase from the prior year's level. We anticipate an improvement in gross profit margin to be partially offset by a higher operating expense margin due to continued investment in the company's long-term strategic initiatives and higher retail channel mix. We continue to estimate the full year tax rate at approximately 33%. The third quarter and full year fiscal 2013 expectations that I just outlined do not include the estimated $20 million to $30 million in onetime pretax charges associated with the discontinuation of Rugby operations in the back half of the year, when we will close the 14 existing stores and the e-commerce website. We expect to incur approximately 75% of the charges in the third quarter, with the remainder booked in the fiscal fourth quarter. As Roger alluded to earlier, we remain committed to reinvesting in the business in order to fund the growth initiatives that have supported the company's strong financial results over the last several years. The ability to balance support for long-term growth initiatives with the strong execution of day-to-day core operations has been a critical part of the company's success over the past several years and has also been an important driver of substantial shareholder value creation. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and take any questions you may have. Operator, can you assist us?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Omar Saad from ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Roger, and, Jacki, too, I think, would you guys mind addressing this idea that we're in this -- globally, we might be in this -- consumers might be in this kind of accessories boom as we think about the accessories business versus the apparel business? Obviously, Ralph Lauren is still primarily an apparel-driven company. But especially on the women's side, do you see that happening in your consumer base, this kind of shift away from apparel or to maybe lower-priced apparel in terms of the wallet and spending towards more investment in accessories and footwear and things like that? And is that -- do you think that's having an impact on your business? How do you see that going forward? Do you think it's cyclical or structural? And your efforts around the accessories business as well, how important has that become if that's really what's happening?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Omar, I'll start and then I'll let Jacki continue. I think it's pretty common knowledge that the concept of accessories, broadly defined, has been an important growth category for the industry now for a while. And whether that's accessories at luxury prices or what's called affordable luxury or even at more moderate prices, I think the accessory category has clearly outperformed apparel and, specifically, women's apparel for a while now. I think in defining accessories, you've got to open it up to a range of products that include handbags, small leather goods, but clearly, footwear has been a strong category for the last couple of years. Watches, eyewear and, even more broadly, I think cosmetics. So with that, I think a female customer can express herself, freshen her wardrobe and accessories has fulfilled that. Interestingly enough, it's not dissimilar to the way Europe evolved over time, where a customer was more willing to buy a handful of high-quality investment pieces in apparel and then used accessories to keep them fresh. I think the other part of accessories that you all understand is that for emerging markets with new wealth, accessories, and particularly signature accessories, are a way of people showing their success, and they're arriving more easily than apparel. So whether that's been the Middle East, whether that's been Russia or whether that's now Asia, specifically China, I think the customer who's finding wealth is expressing themselves through either signature or easily identifiable high-end product. The mix of our business at Ralph Lauren, I think, uniquely includes all product categories. So we're seeing business from that customer in apparel, be it men's or women's, or even the extraordinary success of our kids' business, because I think customers, as they acquire spending capabilities, are spending it on their children, particularly in countries that have limited birthrates. So interestingly enough, you have parents and grandparents all focused on 1 child, that tends to drive up their willingness to spend on apparel as well. I think our accessory businesses are in early stages. We've taken back many of the key licenses over the last 5 or 6 years. We've developed sourcing capabilities. We think the Ralph Lauren aesthetic translates beautifully into accessories and where we have partnerships or licensing relationships with Luxottica or partnerships with Richemont or L'Oreal, I think we're with world-class, best-in-class partners. So I'm very pleased with where we stand and where we're going. One of the interesting realities of our results to date, both the extraordinary margin in wholesale and the extraordinary margin we now operate in retail, is without high penetrations of accessories, which, properly executed, brings with it higher profit margins. So I think we're making good progress. I think we're making quality progress. I don't think we're looking to jam this business artificially in the early stages. And my guess is over the long term, it's going to be a very big part of what we do, and that will be more prevalent in Asia and some of the emerging markets than perhaps some of the more mature markets. But I don't want to back off the apparel business. I think we're very pleased with the way we've got our market share and our positioning in all the key apparel categories. Long answer, but it was a long question, Omar, so.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Binetti from UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just one modeling question, and then I have a follow-up. Just the -- I think -- I thought you said last quarter that the 3 items that you mentioned as onetime was the China store closures, FX and American Living, would be a little bit higher in this quarter, about a 700- or 800-basis-point drag to revenues. It looks like they're only about 500. I just want to see if any of that was pushed back, I mean, in the back half, or if there was any other change that I might have missed. And then -- but more importantly, Roger, as you think about all the work that you've done with the company to establish Ralph Lauren as a luxury business over the last few years, obviously, the more mainstream brands, like the Polo brand, are a huge input to the profit story for the company globally. Do you think there's an opportunity to, I guess, even boost the focus on that side of the business over the next year and refocus on some of those big profit drivers now that you're more -- I guess, more established as a luxury player?
Christopher H. Peterson: Michael, on the modeling question, I'll address that and then turn it over to Roger. The real difference between the 3 items, the 700 to 800 basis points in the guidance and what we reported was FX, which strengthened a little bit from when we gave guidance last time. So that accounted for the difference. FX was just better than we expected when we gave guidance previously.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. The known effects of the store closures and American Living are very clear, so it's really just the movement of the FX, as Chris said. Michael, I think your question is spot on. And I think we, as a company, feel that the core brands or the brands such as Polo have enormous legs on a global basis. And one of the internal discussions we're having at the very moment is how to make sure we're properly focused to capture the extraordinary appeal of some of those brands. And while we don't want to back off the incremental luxury positioning, either in retail or product developments that Jacki has alluded to, absolutely, brands such as Polo and others are bedrock for us. And we're looking at how to accelerate their position and growth now, whether it's distribution ideas or marketing and branding ideas. So I think you'll hear more to come in the next couple of quarters about strategies we hope to employ to focus on those.
Operator: We'll go next to Liz Dunn from Macquarie Capital.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: My question is for Chris. What are your initial impressions of some of the opportunities there are to sort of evolve the CFO role? And I was wondering if there's any change in the scope of the role or the reporting responsibilities versus what was in place previously.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. I guess I'd -- I'll start by just giving you a little bit about why I chose to come to Ralph Lauren and my initial impressions after being here for 6 weeks, which are really the same. First, I was very impressed with the iconic nature of the brand and its equity, including the ability to stretch across both price tiers and merchandise categories. The second thing that I was impressed with was the management team. I think the company has a very strong senior management team and one that I'm excited to be joining. And then, third, I would say is I think the company has significant growth opportunities, both in terms of international penetration, as well as new merchandising categories, such as accessories and footwear. In terms of the specific question on the role, the scope of the role is very similar to the scope previously that Tracey had, and the reporting relationship remains the same. I report to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Liz, are you implying you want Chris to report to somebody else?
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: No. I was asking about any changes in reporting up to the CFO.
Christopher H. Peterson: I'm sorry. So no, there's no changes with regard to who reports up to the CFO.
Roger N. Farah: Yes, I think I would answer that. Chris has been very impressive in 6 weeks. And I don't want to put pressure on him, but he's really a fast study and has made his presence felt. We're obviously in the early stages of thinking about next year's planning process, and Chris will really lead that. He's also going to be taking a world trip, starting next week. That will take him from Europe through all the key points in Asia and back to the U.S., sometime right before Thanksgiving. So I think Chris is going to be a very active participant with the business units, with the corporate finance people. And his impact, I believe, as a business partner to the IT function, which is critical to the future of the next part of our growth, will be felt very quickly. So no pressure, Chris. But he's off to a good start.
Operator: We'll go next to David Glick from Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Chris, just a quick modeling question and a follow-up with Roger. What's the comp assumption embedded in that mid-single-digit increase in Q3? And then, Roger, can you update us on what's going on in the pace of store openings in China? I believe you said you're going to open 15 stores in the second half of this fiscal year. If you could give us a sense, is that still on track and how you anticipate that rolling out over the next couple of years, and also kind of the size of the stores that you're anticipating, so we can try to put some rough numbers around what these stores can produce.
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay. I guess, on the modeling question, I think we want to stay, from a guidance standpoint, on an all-in basis. So I think we're not going to go to providing the comp guidance at the retail segment. We expect mid-single-digit growth and overall revenues for the retail segment as we reported in the press release.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. I think one of the things to keep in mind is that we'll be winding down against the China repositioning in third and fourth quarter, when the bulk of the stores were closed. And clearly, the wind down of Rugby over the balance of this year will be sales drags. But we're actually seeing the business opportunity in the back half of the year against softer comps as more robust. The pace of opening in Asia is -- our original annual target was 20 stores. We've opened 7 to date, so we have 13 in the back half. That may move around by 1 or 2, depending on a variety of situations. Our strategy there is not dissimilar from Europe or the United States. We are looking for key flagship hubs in the major markets, and then we'll network around them with smaller footprints from 5,000 to 9,000 feet that will primarily be located in malls, because the markets in China are really involving into mall-based shopping experiences. The flagship opportunities are harder to come by. We have a couple in discussion. So the bulk of the 20 stores, at the moment for this year, are primarily in the 5,000- to 10,000-foot range, a combination of men's and women's luxury stores, as well as a few children's stores and a couple men's only and a couple women's only. So we should have a good read on how that first 20 stores is being reacted to by the customer by the middle of the spring, and I think that will be a good time for us to get sufficient customer feedback to make sure we're on the right path.
Operator: We'll go next to Erinn Murphy from Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I was just hoping both, Roger and Jacki, maybe you could just elaborate a little bit more on some of the prepared remarks you made on the global merchandising initiatives. Can you just speak more about what the process is, what the benefit maybe? And then how are you thinking about global queue [ph] density in that context? And then just a quick clarification, Roger, for you. You mentioned, at the very beginning of the script, talking about seeing some stabilization in Europe. Could you maybe just parse that a little bit more by region, kind of what you are seeing there? That would be very helpful.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: So, Erinn, what we're really focused on is transitioning our company from a more U.S.-centric company to a global company. And what we recognize certainly is that all of our critical regional components have very important voices as to how we succeed in the future as a global company. In order to accomplish that, we have reestablished our merchandising divisions to support those global roles with key personnel involved from every regional area. So as we make our decisions, we're making them as worldwide decisions rather than U.S.-centric decisions that have bolted-on European or Asian influences. And what we are finding is that the world is, primarily, 80% the same, but those 20% variations are very important to capture the voice of our international customer. We certainly know that customer is traveling around the world. We want our footprint to look the same, but yet, there are regional nuances that we believe are very important to state in each market. And that's our approach. In doing that, we have also seen some efficiencies that have come out of that structure and regarding SKU efficiencies and being able to have more impressive quantities behind each style decision. So all in all, while we are in this for approximately a year at this point, we still believe we're in early stages, but we're very encouraged with what we see as the outcome.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. Let me try the Europe question. Second quarter for us was a little better than first quarter in Europe, although the general statement I made, which is the northern markets are better than the southern markets, continue. In our definition of Europe, we also include the Middle East and Russia. So those 2 markets have continued to be strong, have continued to perform well, whether in their home markets or whether those customers are traveling to Europe. So that's a particular bright spot. And almost like a heat map from the Scandinavian markets moving down, the strength of the business there has continued. I think what has occurred in some of the southern markets is this -- less panic perhaps over Italy and Spain. And I'm discounting the disruption in Greece because it's a relatively minor part of our business. But I think there's a sense that those markets, while difficult, there is a pathway for recovery. And so while those markets continue to be softer than others, I think we're beginning to see the customer breathing again and being willing to function. They're very different markets. Italy is almost entirely specialty store driven, and Spain is dominated by big department stores. So the specialty store market in Italy is still being run by small mom-and-pops and is more cautious in their forward purchasing. They don't really want to buy new product until they've sold the existing product. And so we've been cautious about what we're willing to sell into that market in an effort to be responsive to their situation, also to be mindful of we want to get paid. So with that, we continue to operate cautiously, but we are seeing a bit of a comfort with the customer as financial decisions are being made that give some backstop to the consequences of the euro. So we'll see. I think the holiday season will be particularly important. We still don't have large penetrations of Chinese tourists as other brands do, and they are reporting much of their either growth or results are underpinned by 25%, 30% or 40% Chinese tourists. Our Chinese tourist penetration in Europe is still less than 2%, and I don't think it will get larger until we're better represented in China. So they know our brand, they understand our brand. And then when they travel, they'll look for our brands in capital cities. So that's still to come in the years ahead.
Operator: We'll go next to John Kernan from Cowen.
John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So I wanted to ask a little bit longer-term, thematic-type question. The theme of you guys taking direct control of your brand and the profitability impact that, that has, the retail operating margin has obviously been on a tremendous upward trajectory, essentially, since 2010. And with all the emerging category expansion, the e-commerce growth and the eventual China expansion, can the profitability of this business reach similar levels to what the wholesale side of the business generates now, looking multiyears out? And then, keeping on that directly-controlled theme of your brand, the Chaps license, what your plans are for potentially directly operating that business, too?
Roger N. Farah: All right, John. I'm going to start with the thematic question, and I'm going to let Chris answer the specific one. We have extraordinary wholesale margins. There aren't any people I know about, who are primarily apparel driven, that run margins in the 25% range. And I think that it's unrealistic to believe that we will get there in retail without a meaningful mix of accessories, which should come with higher margins over time. So the real sign of that possibility will be determined by our ability to create store layouts that are productive with high allocations to accessories while still giving quality representation to our apparel. I think the kind of high-teens margins we're running in retail now, primarily in luxury apparel, is pretty astronomical. So I think it's going to be driven off a mix change and regional development. Because as I said before, I believe long term, the regional opportunities for retail in Asia should be high-profit contributors. And I think the fact that we've taken back these geographic territories or product categories and been able to manage them is embedded in why we've done so well over the last 5 or 10 years in good times or bad. And, Chris, do you want to try the Chaps question?
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I'll try the Chaps question. So I think as most of you know, we have a license agreement with Warnaco for the men's sportswear business for Chaps. That license agreement has a change of control provision in it that gives us the option to take back the business in the event of a change of control of Warnaco. Given how recent the news is, we haven't made a decision at this point. But we are in the process of evaluating options with regard to that business, and we'll provide an update in due course once we get through that process.
Operator: We'll go next to Barbara Wyckoff from CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: My question is on Denim & Supply. What do you see as the successes and challenges when you're in -- can you talk about domestic versus international? And then as part of this, how many doors do you have by region, wholesale plus owned stores?
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Well, we're very pleased with the initial response over our first year in Denim & Supply. As you know, this is our second fall season. And as you develop a brand, because of the cadence of purchase and sales, you literally can't make any changes and tweak a brand for the first 9 months or so. So following our initial launch with what we thought were positive results and what we thought would be things that we needed to change, one of the biggest standouts to us was how positive the jeans business is as we presented Denim & Supply as a lifestyle brand. So we are working diligently now having identified what those key products are, and now we're putting in a BFR programs in both men's and women's in our core Denim to be able to drive that opportunity to be a minimum of 30% of the business; highly successful and highly predictable. The attitude of the brand, driven by the gritty nature and unusual presentation in our marketing context, both in print and online, has been extremely successful. We partnered with Avicii, and he has created a very interesting draw for the brand. He is a highly successful entertainer, and he has really created tremendous crowd draw to this brand and to its success. We've had a very positive fall season. And while we continue to tweak a little more of this and a little less of that, we're very optimistic. As you know, the brand in the U.S. is exclusively in Macy's. That will be rolling out to additional 100 doors starting next fall, and to Hudson Bay in Canada, where we're also experiencing some very positive results. And at this point, we've confined the brand to those 2 key customers. As I said, we're very optimistic on our position for the millennial customer, which is a high focus area for our department store customers, and one that we believe will be, with this Denim & Supply brand, a strong reach towards that customer and driving additional opportunities into our department stores. We also have launched our Denim & Supply brand internationally, beginning with freestanding stores in both Asia and in Europe, and those also have performed extremely well. In that environment, instead of having men's separate from women's, which is sort of the requirement of the nature of a department store, there, we're able to merchandise the brand together and with a very exciting impact, where the consumer really, it's the place to be. So the customer is shopping with significant other in the store and it has a tremendous pulse and a great result. And as I said, we're very pleased with where the first few stores are at this point, and I think we have plans for many stores to follow.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Robby Ohmes from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert F. Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two very quick questions. Roger, I wanted to ask you, actually, on Rugby as a follow-up. You mentioned, I think, in your comments that it was a tough decision. Is there anything you can tell us just -- was there a strategic decision behind that? Or what pushed you over the edge? And is it a commentary on how you see smaller brands out there or brands that are too U.S.-centric, maybe just your thoughts on that? And then just a quick follow-up for Jacki would be could you maybe give us a little more detail on the approach in North America for holiday this year versus last year, in terms of where you see pushing by channel and inventory investment versus last year?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Robbie. It was a tough decision because we've put a lot of time, energy and money into this brand over a number of years, and I think that comes with a lot of heart and a lot of personal effort by a lot of people in the company. Our decision, at this point, was really based on our desire to focus on opportunities that we have in front of us. And I think Michael talked about this a little earlier in terms of Polo and some of the other brands. I think our conclusion was to take our energies and our resources and apply them against existing brands that have a global footprint as opposed to the ongoing efforts to build something from scratch. I think to build a brand from scratch organically, in a brick-and-mortal retail environment, takes a lot of time and money and energy. And I think the company's decision really just reflects the numerous choices we have to expand some of our other initiatives, one of which Jacki talked about, Denim & Supply, or Polo, or children's, or even at RRL. And I think in the past, many of you have talked to us about focus and are we focusing on the right issues. And I think in our decision making, it was relative weights of opportunities and the expected returns we anticipate getting. So that was all part of our decision. The second part of your question, I think, is directed to Jacki?
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Yes, on our approach to holiday. So in our retail stores, where sort of our thoughts start, we had a very crisp approach to a very strong and bright statement in our holiday accessory business. It's what do you want to buy for yourself and what do you want to buy as a gift. So that starts off our first question to ourselves. And I think we've put together a very exciting presentation of product that begins to roll out into the stores, this -- between November and, of course, early December, that speaks to that. That is -- that story is really supported by a fabulous holiday mailer, which speaks directly to our VIP clientele for our Ralph Lauren stores. Our holiday approach in department stores is a very crisp and very direct approach to what we want that customer to buy. So we're crystal clear when we determine what we want to set it up -- set up, how many colors do we want to set up, where does it sit on the floor, how do we speak to the customer with that specific item. We try to create a lot of ease of shopping and, at the same time, a lot of excitement as to what we're presenting. We back that up with all of our strategic partners with critical marketing that speaks both in-store and online to those special items and those key purchases for the holiday season. And I think we've put together an extremely appealing assortment as we enter into this critical holiday period. We're armed and dangerous.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. With that, I would just like to, again, reinforce my thanks for the hard work that everybody within our corporation has extended to those affected by this unfortunate hurricane. I'd also like to, again, welcome Chris and know that as he and Jim plan the next couple of months of a listening tour, I think you'll all get to know him and enjoy him as much as we have already. And with that, I hope you and your families are safe and warm and dry. So thank you very much. I appreciate your attention.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President and Director Robert L. Madore - Interim Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Conference Call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some merchandising highlights; and Bob Madore, our interim Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial details for the first quarter, in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2013. After that, we will open the call up for your questions, which we ask that you please limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We reported better-than-expected first quarter results this morning, delivering 4% revenue growth and diluted EPS that was 7% above the prior year period. The first quarter sales growth and margin structure were both better than we anticipated, and they demonstrate the tremendous operating discipline of our organization. I'm proud of these results, considering the global retail environment was increasingly challenging during the quarter, particularly for apparel merchandise. Revenue growth was well balanced across main channels of distribution, and were achieved on top of extraordinary gains in each of the prior 2 periods, 32% in the first quarter of last year and 13% in the first quarter of fiscal '11. This multiyear growth is a real testament of the diversity of our operating model. Strategic changes, we decided to make in our business, which include the impact of closing 60% of our Greater China distribution network and winding down American Living, combined with unfavorable foreign currency effects, suppressed our consolidated sales growth by approximately 500 basis points in the quarter. Organic growth in the quarter was close to 9%. Looking at our wholesale segment performance in the quarter. We continue to experience double-digit growth in North America, as we intensified our leadership position in core merchandise categories and in growing distribution of emerging products. Jacki will provide more insight into resilience of our North America wholesale trends later on this call. In Europe, where retailers and consumers alike are contending with unprecedented economic and political challenges, our first quarter wholesale results primarily reflect our decision to proactively scale back shipments at the specialty channel in order to calibrate inventories to more muted customer demand trends. Our first quarter European wholesale revenues were also negatively impacted by the shift in seasonal merchandise shipments and currency exchange rates. Retail segment sales were modestly below our initial expectations for the quarter, primarily as a result of challenging traffic trends at our Ralph Lauren stores in Europe and concession shops in Korea and Japan. Volatile equity markets and global economic challenges have clearly had an impact on highly discretionary luxury apparel sales. They have also created reduced stores' traffic in key locations, some of which is also a function of unfavorable exchange rate dynamics. However, our strategic marketing efforts and focus on world-class customer service, particularly for our most important and loyal customers, have enabled us to mitigate lower traffic levels with improved conversion rates at most of our retail formats worldwide. As customers have become more cautious and value-conscious with their discretionary spending, our factory stores are providing -- are proving to be extremely resilient worldwide. Our brand and shopping experience is commanding a greater share of the value customer's wallet, as we also continue to see an increase in acceptance of shopping online, where traffic and sales trends to our e-commerce operations worldwide maintained double-digit rates of growth in the quarter. As you saw on this morning's press release, beginning with a new fiscal year, we have moved to reporting comp store sales growth as a single consolidated metric. With the integration of South Korea last year, we now directly control our distribution at our largest and most strategically important markets. Given the broad range of retail formats associated with the Ralph Lauren brand that the company operates worldwide and the growing importance of having an omni-channel approach to the customer intelligence and relationship management, we believe the single metric better aligns our discussions with you on how we manage our multichannel approach as a much more integrated and global organization. The resilience of our gross margin in the first quarter is noteworthy since our retail segments are still cycling through the tail end of the extraordinary spikes in raw material costs that started to affect our margins last year. Lower wholesale shipments to specialty stores throughout Europe put additional pressure on the gross margin, since those accounts tend to be among our most high margin relationships. With inventories in line and lower product costs for the fall, we feel good about our gross margin prospects for the remainder of the year. Our better-than-expected operating profitability in the quarter was a result of expense leverage in certain large and growing operations that mitigated the impact of the investments we are making in resetting our brand presence in Greater China and our global e-commerce development in customer intelligence and customer relationship management platforms in our systems and infrastructure. Stronger operating profits were also supported by diligent management expense in the face of a more challenging environment, and included a shift in the timing of certain expenses out of the first quarter into the balance of fiscal '13. We executed against decisions to align our expenses with the softening global market trends, and that is particularly evident in the resilience of our retail segment profitability in the quarter. This delicate balance between near-term market realities and our commitment to our long-term growth objectives is a defining characteristic of our organization. Historically, it has been a competitive advantage for us in unsettled market conditions. With over $1 billion in cash and investments, very little debt, well-controlled inventories, our financial condition is very strong. Our cash flows remain robust, allowing us to continue to invest for the long-term growth, while simultaneously returning capital to shareholders by a strong share repurchase program and higher dividends. As we communicated to you in May, we are planning a year of tale of 2 halves. The first 6 months have profit pressures from raw material cost inflations, incremental investments in our growth initiatives and comparisons to very strong first half results from last year. The second 6 months are projected to see strong growth in operating profits. Our perspective has not changed. And while our new fiscal year is off to a strong start, we are maintaining a cautious view of the global retail environment for the balance of the year. Bob will walk you through some of the specifics of our guidance later, but we are essentially maintaining the full year outlook we provided in May. It's early in the year and we continue to operate in highly uncertain market conditions around the globe -- around the world. Global financial, economic and political conditions are not only having an impact on the underlying demand trend, but are also resulting in more unfavorable currency dynamics than we initially planned for. We don't expect to have a true read on the health of the consumer until we're through fall and holiday selling periods. By then, we should also have a better understanding of the political landscape in the U.S. and in China and more insight into how the European Union is dealing with the debt crisis and the implementation of their austerity measures. In the context of this uncertainty, we want to maintain the flexibility to respond to the market conditions as they evolve. But we remain committed to staying the course with our investments in our long-term strategic initiative this year, particularly in Asia, for global e-commerce and for customer relations management. Our first quarter results confirm the quality of our brands and our products. And as Ralph Lauren said in the release today, our products are the lifeblood of our success. We will continue our leadership position in apparel as we create excitement in categories like accessories, footwear and watches. Great products supported by the management teams commitment to world-class global execution will help us navigate through difficult times. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. The growth we achieved across channels and regions in the first quarter affirms the strong consistent appeal of the Ralph Lauren aesthetic across a large and growing range of merchandise categories. We continue to enjoy a leadership position with more established categories while gaining excellent momentum with emerging ones. And our reported results only tell part of the story, because sales growth among products that we license to third parties, particularly for Polo and our Lauren brands, were also very strong in the quarter. Our first quarter sales results were supported by strong marketing and advertising for Lauren at Mother's Day, Polo at Father's Day and children heading to camp for the summer. The Ralph Lauren brand continues to resonate as the perfect gift choice across women, men and our children's category. Our association with world-class sporting events such as the U.S. and British Open Golf Tournament, Wimbledon and the Olympics, heightened the global exposure of our brand during the quarter. The elevated and iconic presentation of the Ralph Lauren brand through these high visibility partnerships will become even more valuable as we continue to develop our international businesses over the next several years. Today, I'd like to share with you what's behind our sustained success in the North American wholesale channel, where we've grown our revenues by more than 30% over the last 2 years. This growth is even more noteworthy when you consider the scale of our North American wholesale operations, which exceeded $2 billion in fiscal year '12. I'm extremely proud of not only the volume, but also the quality of this growth. In addition to the rigor of our sales planning process, we generate extremely high productivity for our core merchandise categories through the disciplined management of our department store distribution, which is, as you know, limited to the best locations in the best doors. We leverage the strength of this foundation to execute high-profile introduction of exciting new merchandise categories such as handbags, footwear, dresses and our newest brand, Denim & Supply. In the past, you've heard me talk about how design and product development has been important contributors to our market share gains. Another critical ingredient to our success is the tenure and experience of our North American wholesale team. We have an impressive roster of leaders who are constantly raising the bar by driving innovation through compelling strategies and disciplines that not only accentuate the strength of our product, but also drive exceptional profit and growth. I believe that the passion and the commitment of this team is unparalleled, and the progress we've made over the year truly speaks for itself. Our success is also a function of the deep, long-standing relationship we have with our key North American wholesale partners. Over the years, we've developed the spirit of collaboration that ensures seamless alignment of priorities and objectives and enables mutual success. That collaboration has also inspired the creation of compelling new opportunities. Many of our wholesale partners who are in the midst of exciting transformation in how they are managing their growing their businesses, and we are right by their side to support these plans with financial and strategic resources, as well as infrastructure and expertise to ensure their success. A good example of this is in the area of e-commerce and online marketing, where we have built a dedicated team of experts to fully exploit this rapidly growing channel with each of our partners. With respect to the first quarter, double-digit growth in our North American wholesale operations was primarily fueled by comp store productivity gains from our men's, women's and children's apparel. Our growth also reflected incremental distribution in Canada for Denim & Supply, Lauren accessories and footwear and Lauren dresses. The tremendous momentum of Polo in department stores and Black Label in specialty stores contributed to strong performance in the men's category. We had a powerful Father's Day, and it was supported by elevated marketing campaign and the additional halo of our Sports of Summer initiative that drove high interest in our men's product heading into this important holiday. Our performance in children's was also strong across boys, girls and babies, driven by key items and updated classics. As many of you know, Lauren is our dominant women's brand in the North American wholesale channel and is the embodiment of the iconic Ralph Lauren lifestyle. The broad appeal of the Lauren's sensibility has allowed the brand to grow in what's been an extremely challenging environment for women's sportswear. Over the last few years, the Lauren brand has successfully evolved to meet the customer's need for more casual and contemporary product that suits her style and her life. Updated silhouettes in the core sportswear assortment and continued expansion of Lauren Jeans, Lauren Active, Lauren dresses and of course, Lauren accessories and footwear has hit the mark with the customer. During the first quarter, the focus on color, prints and novelty across all categories of the Lauren portfolio was an important contributor to sales growth across the brand. Our Mother's Day marketing efforts in-store, in-home and online beautifully brought the product stories to life and emphasized the brand's unique breadth across product classification in a highly impactful way. This was instrumental in driving both gift-giving and self-purchase activity. Lauren Active and Jeans were particularly strong in the quarter and dresses continued its momentum with double-digits comp growth. The performance of Lauren footwear was also spectacular with productivity continuing to climb as we introduce more lifestyle sensibilities to the product mix and delivered strong results on trend-right espadrille and sandal styles. Thanks to our success here, we are expanding distribution with our largest accounts. Distribution is also growing for Lauren handbags and small leather goods. In addition to new points of sale, we are successfully acquiring incremental real estate in our best performing doors. We are especially excited about our new main floor shop at Macy's Herald Square that will be unveiled in September as part of the first phase of the magnificent renovation of that iconic store. Before I turn the call over to Bob, I do want to call out that we have worked our way through this incredible spike in the cost of cotton that has weighed on our gross margin for the last few seasons. We started to experience some margin relief beginning with summer shipments, and we expect further improvement in the fall season. As we head into spring '13, we will be operating on a more apples-to-apples basis with more normalized cotton prices. I also want to acknowledge the strong partnership and sophistication of our global sourcing and supply-chain organizations for their remarkable achievements in helping us steer through that challenge with such great skill. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob for a review of our financial performance in the quarter.
Robert L. Madore: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As Roger mentioned earlier, our consolidated first quarter net revenues rose 4% to $1.6 billion, which was better than we anticipated, primarily as a result of higher wholesale shipments. Double-digit North American sales growth was mitigated by lower international revenues, primarily as a result of lower European wholesale volumes and the impact our a Greater China store network closures. Foreign currency effects negatively impacted consolidated sales growth by approximately 2% in the first quarter, which was primarily due to the weakness of the euro. Excluding strategic decisions to terminate certain North American and Asian operations and the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue growth would have been approximately 9% in the quarter. The gross profit margin of 62.3% was 70 basis points below the record level we achieved in the prior year period, and was in line with our expectations. The decline in gross profit margin was mostly a function of sustained impact of raw materials cost inflation at our retail segment, in addition to overall geographic and wholesale customer mix, primarily in Europe. Operating expenses rose 3% to $700 million in the quarter. Although the operating expense margin of 43.9% was 60 basis points below the prior year period, which was much better than the outlook we provided in May. The lower operating expense margin was primarily a result of disciplined operational management, particularly at our retail segment, and included a shift in the timing of certain expenses out of the first quarter and into the balance of fiscal 2013. Operating income of $292 million was 4% greater than the prior year, and the operating margin of 18.3% was 20 basis points below the prior year period, the net result of the lower gross profit margin and operating expense leverage I just discussed. First quarter net income rose 5% to $193 million and net income per diluted share increased 7% to $2.03. The growth in net income and diluted EPS was primarily a function of our higher operating income, in addition to lower effective tax rate in the first quarter of fiscal 2013. Diluted earnings per share also benefited from lower average weighted shares outstanding this year. Turning to some segment-specific highlights for the first quarter. Wholesale revenues rose 3% to $694 million, a result of continued momentum in North America, but it was offset by lower international wholesale revenues, primarily due to lower European wholesale sales and the continued transition of certain former Japanese wholesale distribution to directly operate concessions shops. As a reminder, the decline in European wholesale sales mostly reflects lower shipments to specialty accounts in Southern Europe, changes in the shipment cadence that we called out last quarter and the net negative impact of foreign currency translation. Wholesale operating income grew 3% to $156 million in the first quarter and the wholesale operating margin was 22.4%, 10 basis points below the prior year period. Improved profitability in North America was more than offset by a decline in Europe as a result of lower sales and overall customer mix. Retail segment sales grew 5%, $857 million in the first quarter, supported by the contribution from new stores and incremental e-commerce operations, in addition to 1% comparable store sales growth on a reported basis and 3% in constant currency. Retail sales growth was partially offset by store closures associated with our Greater China network repositioning efforts. Sales trends were strongest online and at our factory stores worldwide. Lower tourist travel and restraint among local customers continued to weigh on Ralph Lauren stores in Europe. Double-digit declines in traffic to department stores in Korea and Japan negatively impacted sales at concessions shops during the quarter. Retail segment operating income of $180 million was 4% greater than the prior year period and the retail operating margin was 21%, 30 basis points below the all-time high achieved in the first quarter last year. The growth in retail operating income reflects strengths in our international operations and for e-commerce worldwide. While the decline in retail operating margin reflects gross margin pressure from the continued net negative impact from raw materials cost inflation that was partially offset by disciplined operational management. Licensing royalties of $42 million in the first quarter were 5% greater than the prior year period on higher apparel and fragrance-related royalties that were partially offset by a decline in home product licensing royalties due to assuming direct control over our home textile operations. The higher licensing royalties contributed to increased licensing operating income in the first quarter. We ended the first quarter with inventories up 8% from the prior year period, primarily in support of our retail-led expansion worldwide. We spent approximately $62 million in capital expenditures during the first quarter for our retail store and wholesale shop development worldwide, in addition to our continued investment in our global systems and infrastructure. We purchased 2 million shares of our Class A common stock for approximately $300 million during the first quarter and had approximately $277 million remaining under our authorized share repurchase programs at the end of the period. After funding all of our capital needs and working capital requirements and returning capital to shareholders, we ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash and investments, which is a 14% increase from the prior year period. Now I'd like to review the financial outlook we provided in this morning's press release. For the full year of fiscal '13 period, we continue to expect revenues to increase at mid-single-digit rate. Strategic changes we decided to make, such as closing a large portion of our Greater China distribution network and winding down American Living, combined with unfavorable foreign currency effects that are expected to persist throughout the year are estimated to suppress our consolidated sales growth by approximately 5% in fiscal 2013. We continue to expect our full year operating margin to be modestly above fiscal 2012's level, as a recovery in gross profit margin in the balance of the year is largely offset by an increase in operating expense rate to support our investments in our strategic growth initiatives. The increased expense rate is also reflective of our higher retail mix this year. Relative to our initial outlook in May, our full year operating margin outlook also includes incremental costs associated with the acceleration of our real estate development and store openings in Greater China, expenses related to the suspension of certain operations in Argentina and higher advertising and marketing expenditures. The full year tax rate continues to be planned at approximately 33%. For the second quarter, we expect consolidated net revenues to decline at a mid-single digit rate as a low double-digit decline in wholesale revenues is partially offset by a mid-single digit growth at our retail segment. Reduced distribution in Greater China and for American Living and unfavorable foreign currency effects are estimated to mitigate consolidated revenue growth by approximately 7% to 8% in the second quarter. As a reminder, we will be comparing against last fall's large initial shipments for the launch of Denim & Supply during the second quarter. Operating margin for the second quarter of fiscal 2013 is expected to be down approximately 175 to 225 basis points from the prior year period. The decline in operating margin is entirely attributable to an anticipated deleveraging of operating expenses, that is partially offset by an improvement in gross margin. The increase in the second quarter's operating expense rate is primarily due to lower wholesale revenues and reduced sales in Greater China, where we're still absorbing the cost of our infrastructure and investing for growth and to incremental costs associated with our investments and our strategic initiatives. At this point, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Omar Saad with ISI group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Roger, wanted to see if I could ask you about the retail business. It's a big focus for the company globally. You mentioned -- you had some interesting comments in your prepared remarks about maybe some of the shifts going on and the factory business is really holding up very well and that luxury apparel side in the full price might be a little bit more challenging. As you try to manage the brand kind of across these price points and diverse customer bases, what are the key elements there? Is it the macro factor that is playing the biggest piece? Are there product fashion issues that might be going on affecting as well? How do you think about managing that whole -- that retail business holistically across the channel, the price points, the different sub-brands, et cetera?
Roger N. Farah: Yes. I think it's a good question, Omar, because we obviously have been focusing a lot on retail over the years since you've been following the story, as well as anybody, you notice our ongoing ability to develop a very profitable business model. I think what you're alluding to is some of the channel mix issues that go on between e-commerce or factory stores, the Ralph Lauren stores we own or even the licensed stores that we don't necessarily report as part of the retail comps. I think what's happening is in the first quarter and probably the first half of the year, we're going against some extraordinary comps last year. First quarter last year was plus 19% and double LOI was plus 7%. So we are up against some extraordinary changes. I also think what's happening on a macro basis is we're really dealing with a worldwide customer. We're seeing more and more the high end customer who shops in London and shopping in Paris or Dubai or New York or Beverly Hills or Asia, and so our efforts around a global customer consistency, merchandising consistency, marketing, the same standards for service is a big push for us around the globe. Now in the first quarter, the Ralph Lauren store business was softer than prior trends. I think most of that has been a footfall issue with the higher-end luxury apparel customer was not shopping in Europe or in key markets with the same kind of urgency they've had in the past. I think the accessory businesses, watch, jewelry businesses have held up better perhaps than the apparel customer. The other thing affecting that is the shifting of the tourist business. There is no doubt that Chinese tourists today are the #1 consumer who are traveling around the world and are distorting sales in stores or cities or markets to a much higher degree. We have a very low penetration at the moment with the Chinese customer. I think we talked about it last time, it's less than 2%. And we think, over time, as we build our presence in China and build our brand, we'll begin to see them in some of the other markets. Very interesting to me is the data point, even a smaller business like Club Monaco that today has almost 20 stores in China. The second largest tourist that they're seeing in New York are Chinese. We're in the Ralph Lauren business, where we've closed our distribution and we don't have a big network there, the Chinese customer doesn't make the top 10. For us, the largest tourist groups are Brazilians and Russians and people from the U.K. So it's a very interesting global dynamic playing out across the world landscape. The factory business is strong worldwide, and we feel good about that. Not really through door expansion, it's just through the way we're executing and running that business, and we think that does complement the value customer's need for product at a price. And then, of course, the ongoing overlay of e-commerce continues to be very strong double-digit growth here in the United States. Our business in Europe has almost doubled, given the expansion of countries and markets, and we continue to see growth there. We're very excited with the Club Monaco launch here in the United States and Canada in March and April. We think that's going to have a real strength with the customer. And then, we'll launch in Japan this fall. So it's really multichannel customer today in terms of some of our customers access all 3, and we expect that to continue. The other, again, subject that's not reported in that number is the license market, like the Middle East or Russia, where we've had great strength and continue to have great consumer acceptance, which we think is why those customers when they travel throughout Europe or the United States are fans of the brand. So it's getting to be integrated, complicated world. And I think that our ability to reach all of those customers with consistency is going to help us in the long run.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Kate McShane with Citi.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Roger, I was wondering if you could comment at all about inventories at retail and clearance activity -- I'm sorry, inventories at your wholesale accounts and clearance activity in both the U.S. and the European market.
Roger N. Farah: Sure. The inventories within our wholesale channel are very clean. As a matter of fact, Jacki and I were just talking about the August performance, which is strong, really, on the back of new fall receipts. So with a very strong double-digit spring, summer performance we've had, we're in good shape domestically. In the European markets, consistent with what we said earlier in the call, we actually chose not to ship some products into the market that were originally on order, combination of our concerns about their ability to sell through it, as well as some deteriorating credit with some of the customers. So the actual inventory levels in Europe are down, and the inventory in the channel is clearing through, perhaps a couple of weeks slower than this time last year in Europe. Domestically, we're fine.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Roger, it's impressive that you're maintaining your full year guidance despite the incremental stem that you talked about, and you've always spoken about the year -- as the year of 2 halves. I think we can appreciate the margin opportunity at the back half, but it clearly calls for revenues to accelerate in the back half. So if you could share with us why you and why should we be confident in that acceleration at the back half given some of the softer footfall issues you've talked about with the higher-end consumer impacting retail sales today.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Adrianne. Well, thank you for putting me on the spot as to whether I'm comfortable. But as you know, we try to be thoughtful in our guidance, we make no guarantees. It really did lay out, as a year that had 2 halves, the first half being impacted by all the things we've talked about. Many of those things begin to become less meaningful in the back half. So particularly in Asia, where we closed a lot of stores and that continued through the year, we do have the beginning of 15 new stores coming online during the fall. So that will begin to mitigate some of that. And the American Living shipments begin to get to be a smaller percent in the back half of the year as well. Obviously, FX is anybody's guess, and our forecast today really just reflects what the currency exchange rates are. So there's no new news there. We happen to think that the comparisons in comps get more favorable in the back half of the year. We've had extraordinary comps in the first half, and then they flattened out in the second half, we think, as customers began to accept the new pricing. We are fundamentally maintaining that pricing as cost of goods come down, so we'll get margin expansion, we hope, beginning next quarter. And we think we've got a great roster of products position for the retail channel, as well as the visibility we have into the wholesale channel at this point, at least through holiday, gives us some confidence in the guidance and the forecast we've given. Our willingness to invest long term, as you said, Adrianne, continues. But what's offsetting some of that is exchange rates are softer than we thought. We are closing our operations temporarily in Argentina that will be a small hit to the original guidance. And we've got an opportunity to take a couple extra great locations in China, which will also hurt the second half a little bit. But given the strong first quarter and given the visibility we have, that's our best thinking at the moment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Roger, maybe I know we've talked a little bit about the global retail outlook today. But maybe if I could focus in on Europe for just a minute, a little more color on what you're seeing in your own stores in Europe. And we heard from you guys in late May, and it seems like things got a little worse than what you were thinking, you would see Roger since then. So maybe some color on whether you think it's stabilized at this point? Or what gets you comfortable with what you're seeing over there right now as far as how you talk to us about the guidance on the retail side today? And then any -- maybe any -- just to follow up that, maybe any help you could give as we look at our models for gross margin outlook for the year beyond what you've given us to help out with the second quarter would be helpful -- in the back half of the year.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, let's talk about Europe. There's a lot of macro issues to deal with, and I'm not going to attempt to go through all of that with you. Our first quarter, when you put retail, wholesale together, on a constant currency basis was plus 3%. And while that's certainly down from where we've run in seasons past and years past, I think it's a very respectable number. We're seeing skittishness by our wholesale partners and orders, future bookings and forward orders. They are operating cautiously as their footfalls and business has been down. So they're trying to increase their turns and therefore, are looking more cautiously at initial orders. I think if business picks up, we'll be able to get some of that business back through replenishment. But net-net, by the end of the year, if we hit our forecast, we're looking to be flat to single digit up in Europe, depending on exchange rate. I think it's going to be lower wholesale businesses and higher retail businesses. And so we'll keep updating you every quarter, but that's our current point of view. The margin, as Jacki touched on and you've heard from others, we have certainly seen return of cotton, which is our primary raw material to pre-spike levels, somewhere in the low-80s, mid-80s per pound, which is a more normalized level. I think we'll begin to see that impact in the second quarter in the balance of the year. We talked in the past about wholesale inventories turning much faster. And therefore, new receipts with lower cost of goods go into the markup on sales, and that's what we're reporting. Markup and margin on sales, not receipts, but it comes through the wholesale distribution faster because of the turning inventory. Comes through more slowly in retail, where you've got on hand that have prior cost of goods, which were higher. And as the new receipts come in and they blend and they work their way through, I think we'll see the retail impact later in the year. So all in all, we're pleased with the retail prices, as I said earlier, we'll maintain. Cost of goods will start to come down. Obviously mix product categories will make that move around a little bit. But we think you'll start seeing that return in the second quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Liz Dunn with Macquarie Capital.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: In terms of the retail commentary, I just kind of want to dive in a little bit to the factory, because I was surprised at your positive comments on factory stores given the traffic drop-off that others have noted there. Is there something that you're doing differently? Or is it just the conversion that you kind of highlighted? And then also, as it relates to the China customer, does that also impact your business in Europe that you don't have as much mind share with that Chinese tourist customer.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. Liz, I think the factory business has held up well, high single digits. That was really achieved on slightly negative footfalls early in the quarter that began to flatten out later in the quarter, and then as slightly positive as we head into the beginning of a new quarter. So we've seen some firming in the foot traffic there. I think our ability to outperform was really a tribute to the higher unit sales, the higher average price of the products, which became a higher unit in dollars sales and higher conversions. So we track rigorously how we convert the footsteps into sales, and we saw an increase both in the ticket pricing and the conversion rates, so that's good news, particularly if the footfall continues to creep up as we work our way into the critical back-to-school and early fall selling. The Chinese customer is, quite frankly, critical at the moment to the global sales of luxury products. Our conversations with many luxury brands is that it can be 25%, 30% or 40% of the European sales. But when you see reports of strong European sales for other luxury brands, 25% to 40% of it is coming from Chinese tourists. So us of the moment that's less than 2%. So until we get our network and our brand presence in China and better educate the customer, I think we're going to continue not to get a high penetration of Chinese in our international markets.
Operator: We'll go next to Christian Buss with Crdit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a bit about your accessories penetration, where's that gone, and also about how the responses been to new lines in the accessory side.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Well, we've introduced our Ralph Lauren Collection handbag business and footwear business over the last couple of years, and have really built on the fashion in that product, the quality in that product and the broader appeal of that product. And we're very pleased with the direction of where we're headed with that accessory and footwear product. And we are really playing that as an important aspect of our own retail stores. So in all the new stores we've built, what you'll notice when you walk in is a great presentation of accessories, which includes handbags, belts, scarfs, a great presentation of footwear from the dressiest style to the most casual, and we've been working very diligently on the growth of those opportunities. We've seen some great penetration in the success of those businesses. But as I said, they're small and they're growing. In our department store business, where we have our Lauren brand and Polo brand, in Lauren, we began in footwear a few years ago, and we're seeing a great penetration and increase in sales. We just came off a marvelous season in our Lauren footwear business. We introduced Lauren handbags just under 2 years ago, and that is really starting to take on some great success, again, a great season and great growth. We've added Lauren handbags and Lauren footwear to Europe as well, and we're pleased with the early results there. Our Polo footwear has really accelerated very successfully, and we are now the #5 brand in men's footwear, which is quite an accomplishment from starting a couple of years ago, sort of not having a footwear business. And we are introducing our Polo men's accessories into our top doors for this fall. And because of, certainly, the power of our Polo brand, we're anticipating some very nice early results there on that product, which our intention is to build on the loyalty of that Polo customer, the introduction of this new category, the positive reaction we've gotten from our customers to the look of that product and the price point that we're introducing it at makes us feel very positive and very excited about what the future of that business can be as well.
Operator: We'll go next to David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Roger, just want to clarify your comments on Europe for your outlook for the year. You said flat to low single digits. Was that on a constant currency or a reported basis? And I was wondering if you could get into a little more detail on your comps in Europe in constant currency in Q1, how you're thinking about that for the balance of the year. And any color on Northern versus Southern Europe will be appreciated.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. So my comments were really based on a constant currency. At this point, I'm not quite sure how to forecast it. We have, like others, seen weaknesses in Europe in the southern tier, not that we have big businesses in Greece, but certainly Italy, which at one point, was our largest country in Europe. Spain, which is also another large country, have seen the greatest impact of their businesses. Italy, almost all specialty store distribution; Spain, almost all department store distribution. The northern countries, whether it's Scandinavia, whether it's England, France, Germany all have performed better, and they continue to show more high potential parts of it. The other part of Europe that I talked about earlier, which we add in, the Middle East and Russia have also been very strong. So it's really a range of performances, depending on where in Europe you want to talk about. We see online growing. We see the retail growing. And I said earlier, we're going to be cautious about wholesale sell-ins. We want to manage the flow of product into the marketplace. We're also going to manage those places that in a specialty channel may have deteriorating credit metrics. So all of that rolls into my comments about viewing Europe for the year as kind of flat to mid-single digits on a comparable currency basis.
Operator: We'll go next to John Kernan with Cowen & Company.
John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So looks like this year, you expect to finish the year around a little bit above 15% operating margin as you reposition some of your distribution and you continue with the rollout of some of your newer product categories. What's the long term -- what's your long-term view on your operating margin? And is there any reason to believe that there isn't a meaningful long-term operating margin expansion potential as you continue your international rollout?
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, I think you've been a student of our business. And other than the spike in the raw materials in the recent past, we've seen tremendous progress in growing our merchandise margins, and we would expect, as we continue to go out over the next couple of years, to see some of that growth rate return. Now the other thing that gives me some confidence about the long-term margin opportunities of the company is our ongoing ability once we fully integrate Asia, is a desire to get some expense leverage. As we spent many years integrating merchandise categories, product categories, regions, we do think we will get some expense leverage. The other piece that we think is exciting for the long-term prospects and margin is many of our new initiatives successfully accomplished should be high-margin businesses, not only the accessory business, but the margins in Asia should be meaningfully higher than the margins in either the United States or Europe. So a lot of the areas we're focusing on, I think, do speak well for the long-term margin opportunities of the company, and we'll see how they play out. I think at this point, operator, we've hit the time limit. So I thank everybody for their interest and their questions. Appreciate the focus this morning. We're very excited about the back half of the year, and think we're well positioned to navigate some of the short-term turbulence. So thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-05-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President of Wholesale Brands, Licensed Products, Sourcing, Merchandising, Home and Asia Pacific and Director Tracey Thomas Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Faye I. Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Ralph Lauren's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full year fiscal '12 conference call. The agenda for today's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the year and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some product commentary; and Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the fourth quarter in addition to reviewing our initial expectations for fiscal '13. After that, we will open the call up for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to be reporting exceptional fourth quarter and full fiscal '12 results this morning. For the full year, our sales increased 21% to nearly $9 billion, reflecting -- $7 billion, excuse me, I'm already excited, reflecting excellent growth across our major channels of distribution and geographic regions. We achieved record level operating earnings of over $1 billion, a function of our strong sales growth and our ability to leverage expenses even as we continue to make substantial investments to support our long-term growth objectives. Diluted EPS rose 24% for the year, which is an acceleration from the low-teens compounded growth we delivered in the prior 3 years. We ended fiscal '12 with $1.3 billion in cash and investments. In recognition of our strong performance, liquidity metrics and comfort with our long-term plans and projections, our Board of Directors recently authorized the doubling of our cash dividend to $1.60 a share annually. This is the third 100% increase in the quarterly cash dividend in as many years and is a clear demonstration of our company's commitment to enhance shareholder returns. As strong as our operating performance was for fiscal 2012, let's not forget that we started the year facing some formidable headwinds. Every year has its own unique set of challenges at the onset. Some of that is purposeful and strategic and some of that are a function of external realities. At the beginning of fiscal '12, we were contending with considerable political and social uncertainty in Europe and the Middle East; the aftermath of the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan; and most significantly of all, we faced an unprecedented spike in our cost of goods. We managed through these external factors thoughtfully while staying focused on our long-term growth objectives of expanding our international presence, extending our direct-to-customer reach including significant investments in global e-commerce, innovating and developing new product categories such as the launch of Denim & Supply and assuming the control of our home textile operations, investing in our global systems and infrastructure and attracting and developing world-class talents. Our results confirm the extraordinary operational and managerial disciplines of our global teams, and they are reflective in the incredible appeal of the Ralph Lauren brand worldwide. Our international sales rose 33% in 2012 and represented 36% of our revenue, which is 300 basis points above the prior year level and compares to just 20% 5 years ago. Our European revenue was up 26%, an acceleration from the low-teens compounded growth rate we achieved over the prior 5 years. This is considerable progress for a period characterized by substantial macroeconomic challenges. And despite near-term caution, it's also a validation of growth opportunities we continue to see in Europe over the long term. We made major progress transforming our operations and brand presence throughout Asia during the year. Our talented locally based teams are leveraging our more comprehensive and direct control over the regions and are implementing plans that, we believe, significantly benefit our company over the long term.  We have a unique opportunity to get this right. So we're being thoughtful and deliberate in the pacing and sequencing of our investments in people, systems, infrastructure, distribution and marketing. In some cases, this involves taking a step back in order to find a clearer, more profitable path to the future. This same approach has worked very well for us in the past in Europe and Japan and with the transition of many of our product licenses. As most of you know, we embarked on a major brand repositioning effort in Greater China, closing 95 points of distribution, representing 60% of our network, during the year. We effectively reset our presence in the market, leaving us with what we believe is a more brand appropriate and a stronger foundation for growth. Over the next 3 years, we expect to open approximately 60 new stores in Greater China, all in premier locations and adjacent to the world's leading luxury brands. 15 of those stores are in place for the back half of fiscal 2013 across many of the major cities including Beijing, Shanghai and Hong Kong. The integration of our formally licensed South Korean operations was executed seamlessly during the year. And in a relatively short period of time, the local team has embraced our culture and operating procedures. Over the last year, we successfully closed and repositioned 30 concession shops, which is approximately 17% of our total Korean shop presence, and we are beginning to implement many of the strategic merchandise initiatives that have worked well for us in other parts of the world. Today, more than half of our Asian revenues are generated in Japan. We started fiscal '12 with a cautious outlook for Japan in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake and tsunami. And while sales were challenging in the few weeks following disasters, they recovered quickly and gained momentum throughout the year. I believe the current strength of our Japanese operations is a function of resetting our presence there. This is a process that began in earnest 4 years ago and include the closing and relocating of shops and implementing strategic merchandise initiatives. Over the next several years, we intend to build on our strong foundation in Japan by relocating and adding concession shops in addition to growing our freestanding store network, which is very modest today. It will take time and patience for us to substantially scale up our presence throughout Asia especially since we will not compromise on the real estate or brand positioning. Securing appropriate incremental distribution is a multiyear process especially with our standards of excellence. However, growing a more elevated local market presence should help sales to Asians and especially Chinese tourists visiting other parts of the world, particularly Europe and the United States. In addition to opening new stores and concession shops, we made a significant investment in e-commerce last year. We launched international e-commerce for Ralph Lauren in France, Germany and several other French- and German-speaking countries, and we launched e-commerce for Club Monaco in the United States followed by Canada. We will continue to invest in this high-growth global channel with more dedicated marketing, more sophisticated technology and more focus on delivering a best-in-class customer experience. For fiscal 2013, we intend to launch e-commerce in Japan in the second half of the year. We will also be doubling the capacity at RalphLauren.com, dedicated U.S. customer service and distribution center in order to support an expected doubling of the business from current levels. Since an increasing portion of our anticipated long-term growth is expected to come from our retail segment and customers are shopping across channels more than ever, during fiscal 2013, we intend to make substantial investments in global customer relation management and customer intelligence platforms. We're in the early stages of development and investment, but we believe that over time, knowing and our servicing our customers better should support stronger sales and profits growth into the future. We are already driving excellent productivity in our brick-and-mortar stores. The substantial strength of our retail comps, which rose 14% in 2012 on top of a double-digit gain in 2011 is the best evidence of this. In fact, the last 3 years, productivity per square foot at our directly operated retail concepts in the United States and Europe has accelerated. These productivity gains are important drivers of consistent improvement in our retail segment profitability even in the context of fairly turbulent market conditions. We have made some meaningful changes in our management team and organizational structure in 2012. These changes provide more direct alignment with our key long-term growth objectives and should enable more powerful leverage with certain strategically important areas of our business. Jacki assumed the oversight of our global supply chain and logistics organization. Since she already managed our global merchandising and product development, Jacki now manages the full product life cycle from end-to-end, which was a real asset as we navigated through the raw materials inflation last year. We also welcomed Daniel Lalonde to our organization in February as President of International with oversight of our operations outside of North America and in support of our ongoing focus on growing our international presence. We also elevated Eric Korman to President of our Global Digital & E-Commerce operations, including leadership and oversight for our customer intelligence initiatives. Fiscal '12 was a strong and productive year by any measure. With a fair amount of uncertainty at the onset, the team planned prudently but were positioned to seize market share opportunities as they emerged. And ultimately, our performance was better than we anticipated. Our results are an affirmation of the powerful diversity of our operating model across channel, regions and merchandise categories. They confirm that the strategies, as we execute them, continue to position us for compelling growth even as we contend with unforeseen external realities and make substantial reinvestments back into the business. And while we enter fiscal '13 excited about our long-term global growth prospectus, we are faced with another set of unique challenges. Once again, some are purposeful and strategic and some are a function of the external factors. We are absolutely committed to our repositioning efforts in Asia, to our investment in global e-commerce and customer intelligence and to the continued upgrading of our systems and infrastructure. These commitments will likely weigh on our expenses especially in the first half of the year, but we believe they are critical to achieving our long-term objectives. As we consider the current environment, we are concerned about near-term global economic trends, especially the uncertainty in Europe. Geopolitical issues are likely to dominate consumer psyche for some time whether it's adjusting to the new political realities emerging in Europe or the upcoming presidential elections here in the U.S. We believe we are proactively positioning ourselves to navigate through these dynamics, planning prudently while remaining agile enough to capitalize on opportunities as they emerge. This approach has served us well in the past. Regardless of the near-term dynamics, we have a clear and compelling growth trajectory ahead of us. We are allocating talent and capital to our most compelling high-growth, high-return opportunities. And we intend to continue operating the business according to the clearly defined strategies and disciplined execution that are the hallmarks of our organization. The consistency of our approach has created significant shareholder value in the past, and we believe it can support additional value creation over the long term. And with that, I turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2012 was a tremendous year for us. The allure of our brand and the impact of our merchandising initiatives drove strong global sales growth, including mid-teens expansion in our largest market, North America. This exceptional performance was supported by momentum in even our most core product categories where we have long dominated. We also saw excellent traction in the emerging accessories and denim categories. The strength of our sales performance is supported by disciplined merchandising, planning and allocation strategies that, combined with our brand leadership, generated strong profitability for the company and our wholesale partners. Our market share gains in men's and children's worldwide is a testament to our commitment to innovation. The constant evolution of our assortments to include a broader range of products and lifestyle sensitivity gives existing customers something fresh and attracts new customers to the world of Ralph Lauren. In women's, the spring/summer Live in Color merchandising and marketing program for the Lauren Lifestyle brand is a beautiful and highly coordinated expression of a brand-right and trend-right statement. As a result, we are experiencing very strong performance across sportswear, dresses, accessories and footwear. In fiscal 2012, we made a major commitment to growing our presence in the denim arena across multiple customer segments. For our most premium customers, we introduced Black Label denim for men in our own stores and select specialty stores worldwide. This not only added a compelling new dimension for the current Black Label customer, but it's also attracted a new customer to the brand. We look forward to building on our early success with additional points of global distribution in the near future. In addition, we introduced Denim & Supply last fall. In the last 6 months of the year, we opened or converted hundreds of department store shop-in-shops and 4 freestanding stores worldwide. The scale of the launch demonstrates our commitment to both denim category and the younger, more trend-conscious consumer. As we transition out of Polo Jeans, which is primarily in international markets, we continue to focus on building customer awareness for Denim & Supply around the world, leveraging the familiarity of the Ralph Lauren name while expressing the youthful and independent spirit of this new brand. Handbags and small leather goods are another meaningful growth strategy for us. In the Ralph Lauren luxury segment, we are experiencing strong performance of our seasonal fashion styles, and at the same time, steadily building a stable of signature styles that we expect to be the backbone of this global opportunity. The majority of our distribution is still limited to select Ralph Lauren stores worldwide, but given the reaction to the line, we have slowly expanded the distribution to include a handful of our existing shops at our most prestigious partners including Bergdorf Goodman, Saks Fifth Avenue and Harrods. With our Lauren Lifestyle brand, we are in our second spring season with handbags and small leather goods, and the brand has achieved more than double the distribution it had at this time last year. For those of you who are familiar with the category, I'm sure you've seen the evolution of the Lauren handbag and small leather goods assortment in a relatively short period of time. We believe that the quality and value proposition of the line is unmatched in the category. Customers have responded, and comp gains at existing locations have been strong. With more focused attention on product development and procurement and with expanded distribution and dedicated advertising and marketing, we believe handbags and small leather goods will become a very meaningful contributor to our consolidated sales growth over the next few years and they are, of course, a key component of our growth plans in Asia. As our businesses become more complex across brands, merchandise categories, distribution channels and geographies, we have put a great deal of emphasis on streamlining our global processes. A critical aspect of my expanded role is to bring continuity from design to merchandising, to manufacturing into supply chain and sales. Our optimized organizational structure provides a vantage point for me to leverage our unique strength in each of these disciplines in a more integrated and impactful way. It should also allow me to identify and develop new competencies that will enable us to be an even more agile organization. A good example of how this optimized structure can add real value is how we navigated an unprecedented spike in raw materials last year. It was imperative for us to maintain the design aesthetic for which we are known and the quality of make and continuity of execution for which we are respected throughout the industry. In order to do so while maintaining the value proposition to the customer and protecting our profitability, we mobilized an extraordinary collaboration across our merchandising, buying, sourcing, production and logistics teams. We also leveraged our strong relationship with outside partners and customer organizations. Our sales results and market share gains attest to the fact that customers appreciate the decisions we made, and we ended the year with only a modest decline in our gross profit margin, which we will experience in the second half a recovery in product margins. If you have a feeling in the coming months of the Ralph Lauren brand is even more visible than usual, you will not be wrong. Beginning with Father's Day, we will be celebrating what we call the Sports of Summer as a proud sponsor of this summer's great global sporting events from the U.S. Open and British Open golf championships and the U.S. Open and Wimbledon tennis championships to Black Watch Polo and most notably, the London Olympic Games. Event-specific merchandise will highlight the heritage of each sport and the unique connection between the sensibility of the Ralph Lauren brand and these iconic athletic lifestyles. We'll be supporting each program with advertising and marketing that reflects our multi-channel distribution. The Sports of Summer will reinforce our position as the preeminent sports lifestyle brand and create global visibility and a powerful halo for all Ralph Lauren merchandise around the world. We are very proud of our progress in fiscal 2012 and are especially excited to be in the earliest stage of the development in some of the highest growth categories, which means that with as much as we've achieved, there's still so much more to come. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tracey.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As Roger highlighted earlier, we reported excellent fourth quarter and full year operating results. We achieved this performance while managing extraordinary cost inflation and meaningful investment in our long-term growth initiatives, including the integration of formally licensed South Korea and home textile operations; the global fall launch of Denim & Supply; the continued expansion of our international e-commerce capabilities; and commencing a major repositioning of our distribution network in Greater China through exiting the balance of what amounts to 95 total shop and store locations. We ended the year with record sales and profits, and we achieved progress on all of our strategic initiatives. With respect to the fourth quarter, consolidated net revenues were $1.6 billion, 14% greater than the prior year period and in line with our expectations. We achieved double-digit growth in all of our major geographies and across both our wholesale and retail segments in the quarter. The gross profit margin of 57.1% was 30 basis points higher than the prior year period and better than we expected. The improvement to the prior year was primarily a function of favorable channel and product mix that more than offset the net impact of cost of goods inflation in the quarter. Operating expenses rose 14% to $790 million in the quarter, and the operating expense margin of 48.7% was modestly above the prior year period. The increase in operating expenses was primarily a function of our sales growth and the mix of overall business growth, specifically higher retail segment growth, which maintains a higher expense structure than our other business segments. We also had incremental costs associated with the assumption of our home textile operations and shifting in timing of some corporate expenses that we discussed with you on our third quarter conference call. Restructuring charges of $10 million in the fourth quarter were also in line with the outlook we provided on the third quarter conference call. Excluding the restructuring charges, we would have achieved 50 basis points of operating expense leverage. Our fourth quarter operating income of $136 million was 16% greater than the prior year period, and our operating margin rose 20 basis points to 8.4%, the net result of the higher gross profit margin and offset by the impact of the restructuring charges I mentioned. Net income for the fourth quarter increased 29% to $94 million, and net income per diluted share rose 34% to $0.99. The growth in net income and diluted EPS was primarily a function of our higher operating income in addition to a lower effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 due to the favorable effect of discrete tax items. Regarding our segment performance in the fourth quarter. Wholesale revenues rose 10% to $828 million, a result of continued momentum in North America and in Europe where the fourth quarter also benefited from the earlier shipment of certain spring/summer product. Our core apparel offering, particularly our men's and children's wear merchandise supported most of this growth worldwide. Incremental distribution for handbags in North America and footwear in Europe also contributed to the growth. In North America, wholesale revenue growth also benefited from continued sales of new categories such as Denim & Supply and home textiles. Additional points of distribution for Lauren in accessories were growth drivers in Europe in the quarter. Wholesale operating income grew 12% to $153 million in the fourth quarter, and the wholesale operating margin rose 30 basis points to 18.5%. The improvement in operating income and margin rate was primarily a result of stronger product margins that were partially offset by incremental expenses associated with new and emerging merchandise categories, particularly home textiles, Denim & Supply and the expansion of certain products in Europe. Retail segment sales grew 19% to $752 million from the fourth quarter. We experienced broad-based momentum with particular strength at our factory stores globally, at concession shops in Japan and Korea and online. Overall comp store sales increased 12% in the fourth quarter including 30% growth at RalphLauren.com, 5% expansion at Ralph Lauren stores, a 10% increase at our factory stores and 14% growth at Club Monaco stores. Comp growth across retail formats was primarily a function of higher transactions and higher average dollars per transaction. Trends at our Ralph Lauren stores in the U.S. and Europe remain the most challenging during the quarter as local customers continue to be somewhat restrained with their discretionary luxury apparel shopping. We did, however, experience strong growth in the Asia-Pacific region led by Japan and despite completing the closing of an additional 53 points of distribution as part of our China brand elevation and network repositioning efforts. Performance at RalphLauren.com and our factory stores worldwide and the Club Monaco remained robust, a continuation of trends that have persisted for all of those concepts throughout the year and on top of strong comp growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. Retail segment operating income of $44 million was an impressive 72% greater than the prior year period, and the retail operating margin improved 180 basis points to 5.9%. The growth in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate are primarily a result of strong comp store sales growth and improved profitability in each of our major geographic regions. Licensing royalties of $43 million in the fourth quarter were 2% below the prior year period, reflecting a decline in home product licensing royalties due to assuming direct control over our home textile operations. The decline in licensing royalties contributed to a contraction in licensing operating income in the fourth quarter. We ended the year with inventories up 20% from the prior year period. Approximately 7% of the increase is for merchandise to support revenue growth on comparable products, geographies and distribution. The remaining 13% of this increase is related to non-comp items included in inventory this year, primarily home textile, new stores and international e-commerce in addition to cost of goods inflation. There was no material foreign currency impact in the quarter. We spent approximately $272 million in capital expenditures during the full fiscal year to support our retail store and wholesale shop development worldwide in addition to continued investment in our global systems and infrastructure. Approximately half of our capital spending for the year was to support our international growth efforts, and we continue to expect that an increasing portion of our capital spending will be allocated to international retail and development, particularly in Asia over the next several years. Consistent with our commitment to return capital to shareholders, we purchased an aggregate 3.2 million shares of our Class A common stock for approximately $395 million during fiscal 2012. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had approximately $577 million remaining under our authorized share repurchase program. We also returned $74 million to shareholders in the form of dividends in fiscal 2012. After funding all of our capital needs and working capital requirements and returning capital to shareholders, we ended the year with $1.3 billion in cash and investments, an increase from the $1.1 billion we ended fiscal 2011 with. Fiscal 2012 was clearly a year of substantial growth and strategic progress for the company. We are very proud of our accomplishments, and as Ralph mentioned in this morning's press release, we are also very excited about what's on the horizon for us. As we look to the future, we remain committed to reinvesting in the business in order to fund the growth initiatives that have consistently supported our strong financial results. As you are already aware, a critical part of our success formula over the past several years has been our ability to balance our support of initiatives that represent critical growth areas for the future along with the exceptional daily execution of our core business operations. Our European operation, our footwear line, our Lauren apparel brand and RalphLauren.com are all examples of investments we made within the last decade and they represent meaningful contributors to our profit growth today. In fiscal 2013, there are a few areas of incremental investment that are expected to become important contributors to our growth for the next decade. These include continued global e-commerce development with a more concerted focus on building capabilities in Asia in order to continue to support our customers' desire for channel shopping options. As Roger spoke about earlier, we are also building internal capabilities to institutionalize and maximize customer relationship management and intelligence on a global basis across all channels of our business. We intend to invest incrementally in the Ralph Lauren brand via advertising and marketing, particularly as we support our newer merchandise categories and regions of the world and as we leverage our sponsorship of the world's premier sports events, most notably this summer's Olympics. We will also continue to invest thoughtfully in operating systems and infrastructure that support our global growth aspirations. While we enter fiscal 2013 on the heels of impressive multi-year momentum, in the last few months, we've experienced the effects of some remarkable sociopolitical upheaval and the onset of another recession throughout much of Europe as many consumer-based companies have already noted in their earlier press releases. Economic growth also appears to be slowing in other regions within Asia that have been important engines of global expansion for some time. In the U.S., which remains our largest market, economic recovery remains uneven across many segments. A derivative effect of these macro dynamics is reflected in volatile foreign currency exchange rates, which have evolved into a material headwind for us this year. The impact of this uncertainty, combined with actions we have taken to proactively position ourselves to take advantage of future growth opportunities, does mean that we expect fiscal 2013's growth will be less robust than our stellar fiscal 2012. With that as a backdrop, I'd like to review the financial outlook that we provided in this morning's press release. For the full year fiscal 2013 period, we currently expect revenues to increase at a mid-single-digit rate, with a low single-digit decline in wholesale revenues offset by a low double-digit increase in retail segment sales. Areas of our business that were the primary drivers of our strong revenue growth in fiscal 2012, including most of our retail formats worldwide and our core North American wholesale operations, are expected to provide continued momentum throughout fiscal 2013, but at a more modest rate given the economic climate. And while Europe was an important contributor to our growth last year, we expect low single-digit expansion in the region this year as momentum in our retail segment in Europe is largely offset by a decline in wholesale volume due to the severity of the economic slowdown I discussed earlier. We continue to transition certain Japanese wholesale license to directly controlled concessions, which is also expected to impact wholesale revenue growth throughout the year. And strategic changes we decided to make in our business such as the impact of closing 60% of our Greater China distribution network and the winding down of American Living, combined with unfavorable foreign currency effects that are expected to persist throughout the year, are estimated to suppress our consolidated sales growth for fiscal 2013 by approximately 4%. Our full year operating margin is expected to be modestly above fiscal 2012's level as the recovery in gross profit margin is largely offset by an increase in operating expense rate to support strategic investment in our growth initiatives and also reflects the impact of our higher retail mix. Our fiscal 2013 tax rate is planned at approximately 33%. As I just mentioned, while we do expect to realize gross profit margin expansion this year, we don't expect meaningful improvement to begin until the fall season, which is our fiscal third quarter. This, coupled with the anticipated sequencing of our investment in our strategic initiatives, means that fiscal 2013 will evolve as a story of 2 halves for us. We expect to experience operating margin pressure in the first half of the year followed by operating margin expansion in the second half of the year. For the first quarter, we expect consolidated net revenues to grow at a low single-digit rate as flat to slightly lower wholesale revenues are offset by high single-digit growth at our retail segment. Our outlook includes continued broad-based strength in North America and at most of our retail formats worldwide that is moderated by a decline in European wholesale volume, some of which is a function of a shift in the timing of certain spring/summer shipments that benefited the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Revenue growth will also be impacted by reduced distribution in Greater China. Foreign currency effects are estimated to negatively impact consolidated sales growth by approximately 2% to 3% in the first quarter, primarily due to weakness of the euro. Operating margin for the first quarter of fiscal 2013 is expected to be down approximately 250 to 300 basis points from the prior year period. The decline in operating margin is primarily attributable to an anticipated de-leveraging of operating expenses due to relatively flat wholesale revenues and lower concession sales in Greater China where we are still absorbing the cost of our infrastructure despite the network contraction. We are also incurring investments in the strategic initiatives I outlined earlier. Our first quarter gross profit margin is expected to be pressured at many of our retail concepts as they are still cycling through the cost of goods inflation that impacted our wholesale segment in the latter part of fiscal 2012. We intend to spend approximately $360 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2013 to support our retail and wholesale growth initiatives and the consistent upgrading of our global systems and infrastructures. Approximately 1/3 of our capital spend is allocated to our distribution network development in Asia, mostly concentrated on Greater China. While we are once again entering our new fiscal year amidst a lot of uncertainty, we are taking proactive measures to navigate through these challenges in a manner that is both Ralph Lauren appropriate and that supports our future growth objectives. Whatever the near-term headwinds might be, they in no way alter our enthusiasm for or our focus on our long-term goals. We are very confident in the relevance of our strategy and the strong growing appeal and glowing appeal of the Ralph Lauren brand across many merchandise categories worldwide, which should enable us to continue to deliver meaningful profit growth over the long term. And with that, we will take your questions. Operator, would you assist us with that now?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping, Roger and team, you guys could give a little bit more detail on kind of what you're seeing in Europe and how you're thinking about it, near term and long term, especially in the context of several other high-profile companies reporting a significant slowdown there and your guidance for flat to down wholesale growth, how you're thinking about the consumer spending environment, the macro, your opportunity kind of to offset that through retail -- own retail growth, additional distribution on the wholesale side either doors and/or categories and then how you're thinking about the tourism piece as well. Is there a benefit there as the brand continues to grow globally?
Roger N. Farah: Omar, I know we ran a little long with our "end of the year presentation", but that's a pretty long question. Let me see if I can talk about Europe broadly and then hit on some of the specifics you touched on. If I miss some of them, I apologize. We reported extraordinary results last year, 26%, and we really saw that across all strategies: retail, wholesale, across almost all of the countries. We had double-digit growth in France, Germany, Spain, the U.K., Scandinavia and others. I think what you've heard from us today and what you've heard from other people is that the ongoing overhang of economic uncertainties in Europe, which have been now prominent in the press, pretty hot and heavy since the middle of last fall straight through the spring are weighing on the customer's mind. And I think that's true of the local customers by country and to some degree, that's been masked by the tourist business in many of the key capitals. Depending on the brands that you're talking about, if you have a high penetration of Chinese tourists visiting the major capitals of Paris or London or Switzerland or Milan, that has inflated, I think, the European results. We don't happen to have, based on our small penetration in China, we don't happen to have that kind of Chinese tourists running through our European operations. While we do get a high degree of tourism, our major tourists are coming from the Middle East or Russia where we have strong presences, and then they find us in other European cities. So we think over time as we build our Chinese presence and we talked today about the 60 stores we plan on opening over the next 3 years, 15 in the back half of this year, we think our growing presence there at a luxury level will, in fact, begin to develop the tourist business in Europe and the United States that others are enjoying. So our results to date have been primarily based on the local markets and/or tourism from other countries. We're planning, based on our relationships with our key wholesale distribution, cautiously. They want to be tight with their inventory. They want to try to improve their turns. There's a great deal of uncertainty in the southern tier of Europe, particularly Spain. Italy has particular problems with their specialty distribution. The specialty channel there has gone through several turbulent years. And then the northern parts of Europe whether it's Germany, France, Scandinavia or the U.K. held up better last year and we believe will hold up better into the new year. But I think the constant overhang of economic concern and then what the corrections will be to manage that set of issues I think is what's dragging that market into a slower growth environment. So while we're planning growth, I think Tracey said it very clearly, we're just planning it more conservatively than we've done in the past. Against that, we continue to invest in e-commerce growth in that market. We launched in the U.K., France, Germany and we'll continue to look for that channel to grow. Quite frankly, the factory channel continues to perform well in Europe. But in our Ralph Lauren stores, we're seeing a softness that I think is a reflection of the local customer being cautious with their shopping in the near term. None of this dissuades us from our long-term ambitions in Europe. In '08 and '09, we took market share during a very difficult time. My hope is that we'll do that again, but we're very committed to the long-term distribution of Ralph Lauren in Europe and we'll continue for the right real estate. Maybe this economic environment creates opportunities either to get better access to property or maybe at a better price, or perhaps some cases, to buy. So I think being nimble and being light on our feet in Europe will give us our long-term objective. The question is what happens over the near term. Clearly, the euro has suffered. So for us, that's an impact to us as it continues to kind of gyrate in the high 1.20s, low 1.30s. And we'll just see how that plays out as the year goes on.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Roger, you've proven that you do better when you're in control. We saw that in the '08, '09 downturn. And so with this clear ongoing shift to retail, my question is really twofold: one, as it relates to sales, help us think about how you're planning with wholesale down low singles versus retail up low doubles, how much of that is self-imposed as you shift to more retail; and then the second part of the question, how it relates to profitability. As you mentioned, productivity per square foot is accelerating. So how do we think about this mix shift impacting overall profitability?
Roger N. Farah: Yes, Adrianne, I mean we've operated under the belief consistent with what you just said that whether it's controlling a license or controlling a region that our commitment to doing it right over the long term has paid off. The shift in distribution channel from wholesale to retail or concession shops, primarily in Asia to owned, I think has served us well in terms of communicating to the customer in its purest way. And so I think you saw comp stores last year that were extraordinary at 14%, on top of the year before that of 10% and years and years of compounding have given us very high sales productivity. That, in turn, has given us very strong profitability in retail. Those of you who have followed our story for a long time know that we started from a very low point and we've made a pretty amazing progress. Our point of view is that in Asia particularly, where there's not an appropriate or robust distribution channel, our future depends on our ability to run our shop-in-shops or run direct retail. Now the margins in retail, even at the high levels we're at today where our hopes of getting them higher are not quite as high as our wholesale margins, which are extraordinary. The inventories will turn slower. There'll be capital involved, but we believe over the long haul, our ability to take our message directly to the customer in brick-and-mortar or e-commerce really is the foundation of our future growth. The other issue, which I'll just mention, and I think you all know this, but as cost of goods begin to improve and inbound receipts begin to return to a more normalized level, we're very pleased with our decision a year ago not to change the quality and not to change our sourcing strategy, and I think the customer reacted to that quality. But those inbound receipts come in and turn faster in our wholesale segment where the margins will begin to recover sooner. In retail where the inventory turns slower, it's a combination of the on hand and the new receipts. And as they turn through the year, the margin will begin to rise. So the rate of margin improvement cycles through different at wholesale and retail because it's not the inbound receipt that's driving margin. It's the margin on what you sell. So if the wholesale goods are turning 5 or 6 or 7x a year and retail's turning 2 or 3 or 4 depending on the format, the wholesale margins will recover faster followed by the retail margin. So that's an important nuance to the way the year lays out.
Operator: We'll go next to Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: I guess I'm wondering about your sort of awareness with the Chinese customer, the consumer. Is the reason that you don't have as much of that business in Europe just that the business hasn't been positioned well there? And what -- other than just distribution in China and getting the right locations, what other steps are you taking to increase your awareness with the Chinese consumer?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Liz. The reality is that we had a licensee that was based in Hong Kong for many, many years. And with that, his focus was on Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia and had very little distribution in Ralph Lauren products in China proper. What he did have was positioned as a casual sportswear brand primarily for men in B- and C-type locations. So our brand awareness over the last 10 or 15 years and the quality impression of our brand is very different than the way we see it here in the United States and Europe. So as those customers travel, they're looking for the brands that they have learned over the last 10 or 15 years signify quality and heritage, and their knowledge of our brand is much lower and incomplete. So we believe that not only will that grow business in China as we have the right kind of stores, but as we expose the customer through the store experiences, through marketing or through future Internet activities, they will then look for the brand when they travel around the world. Today, many of the luxury brands are reporting European sales of 25%, 30% or 40% to Chinese. Our Chinese tourist business in Europe is less than 2%. So we believe that we'll get the multiplier effect as we push out in China over the next 3 to 5 years.
Operator: We'll go next to Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the cadence of incremental investments over the balance of the year? Can you help us understand how you're planning to roll out some of the investments that you're talking about now?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, well, let me break the investments into a couple buckets. The primary international investments are being made in Asia and I think I said earlier that the bulk of the 15 stores that are being opened in China will be in the back end. That doesn't mean we're not spending money in the front half. So the opening date is really the culmination of the spending. So in that case, back-side openings will be front-side spending. The ongoing investments in the Internet are really 12 months of the year whether that's distribution and logistics here in the United States or the ramp-up in building as we go to a full launch in Japan. So that's spending in advance of the revenue will be for the first 9 months. Separately, the ongoing investments in technology, infrastructure and systems is really a 12-month cycle and should be evenly spread through the year. So I guess the sum of all that is more investment spending in the early part of the year culminating with openings or launching in the fall, and we get the revenue in the back half of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just curious, a little bit more color on the domestic business, the wholesale business, given the strong spring we had in the industry, the apparent interest in color, which seems to play very well into your brand -- your brands. Wondering, puts and takes kind of, Roger, by category. You have some new categories that are gaining distribution. What about kind of the organic or heritage categories? Any movement in the number of doors that you're in or floor space would be helpful.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Jeff. I would say that you're correct. We've had a very strong domestic performance with our wholesale partners at their retail. And putting aside the way Easter falls within our fiscal reporting because, as you know, the March, April time period for us is split between fourth quarter and first quarter. For most other people, not. We've enjoyed our strongest businesses this spring in our heritage and core businesses like men's. That's had a very strong spring. The children's business has had a strong spring. Lauren has begun to perform better in sportswear, but we've had a very strong business in dresses. Jacki talked about accessory and footwear. So we're really seeing broad-based strength in the performance of our products at retail. The domestic retailer continues to operate with a mindset towards conservatism in terms of inventory and turn, but nevertheless, we've had a strong spring. As you mentioned, color plays well for us as a brand. And I really do believe, based on our last couple of experiences with Olympic products, it will be a very exciting lead up through the August Olympics. So we think domestically, we are well positioned in the core product categories. Denim & Supply, it's the first spring we're in the market. We have added to the distribution of our handbag and accessory businesses, so those are beginning to roll out. I think Jacki quoted a doubling of the doors in our handbag and accessories from this time last year. We're also beginning to see traction in our ownership of the home business. I think our partnerships with the department stores and their confidence in the way we've taken licenses and repositioned them, I think people are beginning to get excited about the opportunities at home here in the domestic market. So lots of good things in the core, and the new businesses are beginning to get traction and door count.
Operator: We'll go next to Faye Landes with Consumer Edge Research.
Faye I. Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Two quick questions, one more technical. But the first as follows: first of all, Roger, you've spoken before of volatility in -- relative volatility quarter-to-quarter -- week-to-week, rather, in your U.S. retail especially in gateway cities and in flagship stores. You've talked about that in the last several calls. I was hoping you could address that. And then the more technical question is it appears that you've bought back few, if any, shares in this quarter and I was hoping you could address that given your general enthusiasm for the share buyback.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Faye. I'll start with the week-to-week. The predictability of the trend lines really post the recession has been different than probably prerecession. The consumer mentality, I think, in the last 2 years while in aggregate has been spectacular, I think they're more careful about their spending. I think they're more selective. I think they're looking for great product, but maybe the great piece or the great item or the great accessory. I do believe they're buying close to the need. So some of the weather patterns has affected the business. It was spectacularly warm earlier in the year and then it got cold, and I think the customer has exhibited a sensitivity to that, that we probably didn't see before. The other part of your question is the gateway cities where the United States has seen important tourist activities, where Florida was particularly hurt during the recession. It has come back and some of that has been fueled by the tremendous tourist business from the Brazilians. When we track by country where our international tourist business is here in the United States, the Brazilians rank very, very high, not only in Florida but in New York. So we see tourism not only affecting the travel patterns and the shopping in Europe. We see it here in the United States. The more technical part of your question, which is our strategy to return excess capital to the shareholder. As we've talked about in the past, Tracey and I have said our first priority is investing back into our business if we think we can get a return, and I think we've done that well over the years and we expect to do that into the new year and beyond. Our second alternative, assuming we've done that properly, is to take excess cash and return it to shareholders either through dividends or share buyback. And I think you've seen, as our cash flows have grown over the last couple years, we've done that pretty aggressively. I think today's announcement to double the dividend again, third year in a row we've doubled the dividend, I think, reinforces our commitment to return money to shareholders in the most efficient way we think is appropriate. And I think you'll see in fiscal '13 a combination of this more aggressive dividend and share repurchase going back to the shareholder if we don't have a proper use for it. We're clearly holding a lot of cash in our balance sheet. We have very little debt. We did that proactively through the recession. At this point, with early reads on interest rates staying low for a long time, my guess is we'll look to return excess capital to the shareholders both ways throughout the year.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about the accessory penetration, where can it go over time? And also opportunities in categories outside of handbags and small leather goods.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Barbara. We don't quote percentages, but I would say that whether we're talking about the Ralph Lauren level of accessories or whether we're talking about a Lauren or Polo level of accessories, the company is putting a lot of time, energy and money to distort those categories. We've clearly developed multiple tiers and multiple channels for our apparel, but we're very focused on the right distribution in product and accessories. Then the question always becomes how do you to define accessories? Does that include eyewear, and does that include watches and jewelry and handbags, small leather goods, belts, scarves? Interestingly, because I know, Barbara, you go in the store up the street on 72nd, we devoted the entire main floor to our accessory area, which for us is a future direction but does not read the same way in many of our former stores. Some of the real strong categories there have been the belts, scarves and footwear, things that in the past don't seem to get the same kind of attention that perhaps handbags and small leather goods go to. So we're finding the customer has a real appetite for Ralph's design sensibility across all product categories. And, of course, we're in the early stages of developing watches, which, if you travel the world, has been one of the strongest growth categories for luxury companies everywhere. And while that's a long process to do that, we have some spectacular watches that are beginning to get traction with the largest single store in the world for us in watches being Macau. And I think that gives you a sense of the upside to some of these product categories as we reinforce that with our commitment to the Asian market. So with that, operator, I apologize. We've run a little late. It was the end of year, and I thought it deserved a little extra attention in the prepared remarks. Just a spectacular year on every level. We started the year with some concerns as we do again this year, but it was a spectacular year. I think the team really maximized the opportunity in the Ralph Lauren brand in the Ralph Lauren way, and we're excited about the new year. So we thank you for your interest and your attention. We look forward to updating you in August. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President of Wholesale Brands, Licensed Products, Sourcing, Merchandising, Home and Asia Pacific and Director Tracey Thomas Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Conference Call. The agenda for today's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some product commentary; and Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the third quarter, in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2012. After that, we will open the call up for your questions, which we please ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations also contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We're reporting strong, better-than-expected third quarter and year-to-date results today. Our performance was supported by sustained focus on our global brand-elevation efforts and our strategic merchandise initiatives. Around the world, customers clearly recognize Ralph Lauren for its extraordinary cachet, quality and craftsmanship. We achieved double-digit revenue growth in all key geographies in the quarter and year-to-date. We also delivered excellent profit flow-through despite unprecedented cost of goods inflation and considerable economic turmoil in Europe and a holiday season that was promotional for apparel. Worldwide revenue growth was well balanced across core apparel offerings. Emerging categories such as handbags, Denim & Supply and dresses were also important contributors to our growth. Our sales and profit plans for the holiday and fall seasons were aggressive to begin with, so to have exceeded those goals is a real testament to the vitality of the Ralph Lauren brand, the strength of our products and the operational discipline of our global teams.  Our continued focus on our key growth initiatives, which include: Expanding our international presence, extending our direct-to-customer reach and new merchandising innovations have resulted in a more profitable mix of business compared to the prior year.  Year-to-date, our international revenues have increased approximately 40%, more than the mid-teens expansion in our U.S. sales. We continue to make important investments in our long-term growth aspirations in Europe, such as e-commerce and several new stores of our own or our licensing partners. Our new merchandising introductions include the expansion of Lauren apparel, the launch of handbags, footwear and Club Monaco, all of which have been well received throughout the continent. And despite considerable near-term headwinds in Europe, we believe we are poised for meaningful growth over the next several years. We also achieved great progress throughout Asia in the first 9 months of the year. Our teams are actively engaged in brand elevation and repositioning efforts across our major territories of Japan, South Korea and Greater China. They are successfully managing day-to-day responsibilities in these highly dynamic markets, while simultaneously planning for promising future.  Sales trends throughout Asia continue to be very good for us in the third quarter, including double-digit comp growth in Japan, where we're benefiting from the successful implementation of more robust merchandising and planning disciplines that are yielding better-than-expected sales on a more profitable platform. We are applying many of the same disciplines as we integrate South Korea, where we are already working off a substantial distribution network. South Korea is one of the world's most important luxury markets, not only for its strong local customer demand but also a major shopping destination for Chinese tourists. As we turn to China, we're well in the process of resetting our distribution throughout the country, an initiative that will result in the closure of approximately 95 points of distribution or about 60% of the network we had in place at the beginning of this fiscal year. This is clearly a bold move, but one we absolutely believe is critical. We are taking accelerated action in order to build the strongest foundation possible to serve the world's most important luxury customers. This means we're taking some short-term hits, shrinking an already modest retail size in terms of revenue, while bearing an expense structure to support our long-term growth expectations. We are actively looking for new stores but will be deliberate in the pace of openings, because locations we want are among the most desirable in the world. But it's not a question of "if" for us in China, it's a matter of "when," and we're allocating resources accordingly.  In aggregate, our international operations gained 400 basis points of share in our overall revenue mix for the year-to-date. And while we are making progress diversifying our geographic mix of business, there is no question that our large U.S. operations have performed extraordinarily well.  Sales from both our U.S. wholesale and retail segments expanded as a double-digit rate during the third quarter. Solid comp growth at our domestic stores, coupled with our wholesale momentum, clearly suggests we're gaining meaningful market share. We're growing these more traditional channels of distribution, even as customers are spending more of their discretionary dollars online.  It is clear that e-commerce has become an increasingly preferred channel for many of our customers. And while we were pioneers in selling luxury products online, we remain committed to investing in this high-growth distribution channel and branding vehicle. As many of you know, RalphLauren.com has maintained strong double-digit growth over the last several years. Sales rose 30% during the third quarter, and traffic to the site continues to accelerate. We recently launched e-commerce in several European countries, and while sales are still modest in scale, we are gaining excellent traction. Club Monaco will also launch e-commerce this spring in the United States and Canada.  Our commitment to e-commerce is not limited to launching sites, it requires constant investment in technology and content to remain relevant and to involve and enrich the customer experience. We are already investing in exciting online content from interactive fashion shows to videos, style guides and even a magazine. We also create custom environments to showcase certain brands such as Collection, Purple Label, Denim & Supply, RLX or RRL.  During the third quarter, mobile phones and tablets accounted for 20% of the traffic to RalphLauren.com and nearly 10% of the sales. These numbers are not only substantial, but they are also achieved in remarkably short period of time. We are focused on making the right investments to assure our brand experience is optimized for these important customers, who also tend to have a higher average transaction size and shop with us more frequently.  We've achieved a lot in the first 9 months, and we feel good about the decisions we made to manage the unprecedented cost of goods inflation and the considerable macroeconomic challenges, while sustaining our investment in our long-term growth objectives. For those of you who have been following our company for a while, you know that we spent the better part of the last 10 years thoughtfully taking direct control of strategically important merchandise categories and geographies and working to develop a meaningful retail business. We've consistently made outsized investments in the near-term, with an expectation that we would achieve greater functional and financial leverage, as these high-growth merchandise categories, channels and regions evolve into the future. Our year-to-day results reflect -- are reflective of the progress that we have made, executing our strategies in a fiscally prudent way. In the last few years, our decisions to directly operate Asia and add additional key product categories will fuel profitable growth for the next 5 to 10 years.  Despite whatever near-term external challenges that might arise, it's important to remember that this is a long-term strategy for us. We have very clear objectives, and we invest in and manage the business for sustainable growth. We have an incredibly diverse operating model that not only supported our strong growth over the last 10 years, but has also proven to be remarkably resilient. In addition, we have tangible multidimensional growth objectives across geographies, merchandise categories and channels, and we're nurturing these initiatives with the appropriate capital investment and the best talent in the industry.  And with that, I'd like Jacki to provide some insight into our product and merchandising strategies.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. As you heard earlier, our strong third quarter and year-to-date performance was a function of broad-based momentum across several of our core and emerging merchandise categories. As the Ralph Lauren brand continues to captivate more and more consumers around the world, we are simultaneously driving substantial market share and productivity gains with our existing customers.  Design-driven product innovation results in highly desirable merchandise that is equal part iconic and novel, which has always been an appealing combination for the Ralph Lauren customer. We showcase these wonderful products with focused merchandising initiatives, so when the customer sees the products in our dedicated best-in-class shop environment, the message comes to life in a uniquely powerful way. We had excellent fall and holiday seasons, as evidenced by the double-digit revenue gains across channels and regions. Our core gift strategies were presented across all key merchandise categories, and the customer responded with enthusiasm.  The performance of our men's and Childrenswear merchandise was particularly strong, which was consistent with the trend we experienced throughout the year. These are categories where we enjoyed powerful leadership positions, and yet, are still gaining market share, even in the most developed markets. The multigenerational appeal of our men's product and the broad reach of our children's product from layette to infant and toddler to boys and girls continue to provide opportunities for these well-developed categories. We also experienced solid women's trends during the quarter. The esthetic of our Blue Label line resonated globally and was particularly strong in international markets. We continue to evolve our Lauren assortments to address the ever-changing needs of the modern woman. Our well-developed core Sportswear is now complemented with strong denim, active and dress assortments.  Club Monaco, it's distinctive contemporary sensibility resonates strongly with both new and existing female customers, and we're excited to be growing that brand on a more global platform over the next few years. We continue to pursue new opportunities to participate in emerging merchandise categories. Our Ralph Lauren handbag and small leather good lines allow us to leverage the sensibility of our runway presentation in this high-interest category that the customer shops more frequently. This spring's Ralph Lauren handbag collections are amongst the most exciting and well-reviewed we've ever had. Soft silhouettes, light materials and bright colors had been particularly popular and add seasonal interest to our core iconic styles.  We are also expanding the international distribution of our Polo and Lauren leather goods to capitalize on enthusiastic customer response to these products. This is due to the design of the product and the productivity we are generating in existing locations. As our assortments and distribution grow across all channels, we are buying and selling in greater depths and establishing our brand as a strong presence in this high-growth category. The global introduction of Denim & Supply, which we executed in the second quarter, was a considerable achievement for us. We installed hundreds of shops around the world, with an eye to expressing a clear and powerful brand statement, whether in Macy's in the United States, Selfridges in London or at freestanding stores in Amsterdam and Hong Kong. The customer response has been encouraging, and we are particularly pleased with the balanced sales mix between men's and women's.  This high-frequency fashion-centric customer is gravitating to the most novel and aspirational relevance in the assortment, which confirms our belief that the more deconstructive Bohemian aspect of the Ralph Lauren brand esthetic is meaningful to this younger customer. Performance at freestanding store locations has been particularly strong and believe we have an opportunity to open many more of them. While there is no question that the design of our product is the foundation of our success, credit is also due to the clearly defined brand standards and the extremely disciplined approach to execution that define the Ralph Lauren organization. The increased control we've assumed over strategically important regions and merchandise categories over the last several years has enabled us to leverage cross-functional collaboration in a more impactful and efficient way. It has also supported our financial performance, particularly as we've navigated through substantial cost of goods inflation in the last 12 months. As you know, we were thoughtful about how we responded to these unprecedented increases in raw material costs, primarily for cotton, but also for a host of other important materials such as cashmere wool, silk, leather and exotic skins. We always believed a portion of the inflationary pressure we were experiencing for cotton was due to short-term supply and demand imbalances. We were also very mindful of how any decision we made, as a function of near-term dynamics, might impact our long-standing relationships and the trust we have earned with our customers.  We were not willing to compromise the quality and consistency of the make of our products, nor were we willing to risk disruption to our meticulously planned logistics and product flow. We ultimately made select and strategic pricing adjustments in the fall that we believe maintained an excellent value proposition for our customers. And while we did experience margin compression as a result of our action, we do expect to begin to see some relief with our fall '12 shipments. As we reflect on the last year, we believe we made the right decisions and that we've gained meaningful long-lasting market share as a result.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tracey.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen in this morning's press release, our third quarter and year-to-date performance reflects strong top line momentum, which has driven better-than-expected results. We've managed through extraordinary cost of goods inflation in a thoughtful manner, and we've achieved leverage in our operating expenses, even as we continue to fund our growth objectives throughout the year.  In the third quarter, consolidated net revenues were $1.8 billion, a 17% increase from the prior year period, with double-digit growth in both our wholesale and retail segments. The increase in revenues was better than our low-teens expectation for the quarter, with outperformance in both our retail and wholesale segments.  Across channels, revenue growth was supported by strong gains in our men's and children's apparel, as Jacki indicated. We also benefited from the incremental contribution of certain formally licensed operations, such as South Korea and home textile, which collectively contributed to our reported revenue growth by approximately 5%.  The net impact of foreign currency translation was negligible for the third quarter. The gross profit rate of 57.1% in the third quarter was 150 basis points below prior year, which was essentially in line with our expectations, and reflects the full impact of the peak cost of goods inflation we experienced for the fall and holiday seasons. This gross margin pressure was partially mitigated by selective price increases, greater retail segment penetration, which is largely driven by our growing international retail network and accelerated e-commerce growth. Operating expenses of $761 million were 15% above prior year. And we achieved approximately 50 basis points of operating expense leverage in the third quarter, which was meaningfully better than the deleverage we had initially anticipated. The increase in operating expense dollars, primarily reflects overall business expansion, including strong retail segment growth and the incremental rent, depreciation and labor that are incurred as a result of it. It also includes incremental costs associated with the transition of our formally licensed South Korea and home textile operations. The leverage we realized was mostly a result of our better-than-expected revenue growth, in addition to a shift in timing of certain corporate expenses into the fourth quarter. Our operating income of $270 million was 10% above the prior year period, generating an operating margin of 15%, which was 90 basis points below prior year. The decline in our operating margin was principally due to gross margin compression from cost of goods inflation and was partially offset by operating expense leverage in the quarter.  Our net income of $169 million for the third quarter was relatively flat to the prior year period, as the increase in operating income I just discussed was offset by a higher effective tax rate of 36% this year compared to 29% last year as we anniversaried the favorable resolution of discrete tax items in last year's quarter. The 3% increase in net income per diluted share to $1.78 in the third quarter was a function of lower average diluted shares outstanding. Moving on to segment highlights for the quarter. Our wholesale sales rose 11% to $750 million, a result of double-digit growth in both the United States and in Europe. Continued momentum in men's and children's apparel worldwide was accentuated by the contribution from newer merchandise categories such as Denim & Supply and Home in the U.S. and the expansion of wholesale distribution for accessories, specifically handbags and footwear and Lauren apparel products in Europe. Strength in the department store channel globally, offset continued softness in select specialty store markets. Third quarter wholesale operating income of $116 million was 11% below the prior year and the wholesale operating margin declined 390 basis points to 15.4%. The declines in wholesale operating income and operating margin rate are primarily due to the cost of goods inflation and the impact of new and emerging merchandise categories, such as home textiles and Denim & Supply. We continue to make excellent progress with extending our direct-to-customer reach, as our retail segment sales increased 22% to a record $1 billion in the third quarter. We achieved double-digit comparable store sales growth in all major geographic regions, and this momentum was further enhanced by the contribution from our newly opened stores, as well as incremental sales from our newly assumed South Korea shop locations.  Our overall comp store sales rose 12% during the quarter, reflecting a 31% increase at RalphLauren.com, 7% growth at Ralph Lauren stores, 9% expansion at our global factory stores and 17% growth at Club Monaco stores.  As you are all aware, the weather was unseasonably warm in both the U.S. in Europe for much of the quarter, which affected sales at most of our retail formats in October and November. Consumers also shopped later in the season this year, taking advantage of what was a highly promotional environment in the U.S. and certain European countries. Traffic and transactions improved in December and were ultimately positive for the quarter for most formats. Traffic trends continue to be most challenging at our U.S. and European Ralph Lauren stores, where we also experienced a stark deceleration in tourist sales relative to the first half of the year. Growth in Asia continued to be strong, as were sales at our factory stores worldwide. Club Monaco continues to benefit from well-balanced, trend-right women's fashion assortments, which drove large improvements in their conversion, as well as units per transaction. And RalphLauren.com's 31% comp continues to lead all channel growth, with men's, children's and Denim & Supply among the top performing merchandise categories during the quarter.  We opened 7 directly operated freestanding stores and closed 3 directly operated freestanding stores during the quarter, ending the period with 378 company-operated stores. We also operated 508 concession shop locations worldwide at the end of the third quarter. Retail segment operating income grew 27% to $194 million in the third quarter, and the retail operating margin increased 70 basis points to 19.3%, which is a new peak level of retail segment profitability for the third quarter period. Our considerable improvement in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate were achieved on top of exceptional gains in the prior year period and our result of strong comparable sales growth, as well as improved profitability in our international markets. The growth in retail segment profitability was partially offset by cost of goods inflation and continued investment in international e-commerce development.  Licensing royalties of $50 million in the third quarter were 1% below the prior year. Lower international and home product licensing revenues, as a result of their transition to directly controlled operations this year, more than offset higher domestic apparel product licensing and global fragrance royalties. However, operating income for our licensing segment increased 7% to $32 million, primarily as a result of lower net costs associated with the South Korea and home transitions.  We ended the quarter with consolidated inventories of 28% from the third quarter last year. Approximately 12% of the inventory growth relates to non-comp items included in inventory this year, those being home textile, South Korea, new stores and international e-commerce. Approximately 9% of the growth in inventory was for merchandise to support revenue growth on comparable products, geographies and distribution. The remaining 7% inventory growth is attributable to cost of goods inflation and foreign currency impact.  We spent approximately $68 million on CapEx during the quarter to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. We bought a modest amount of stock during the quarter and have repurchased $395 million worth of our Class A common stock in the first 9 months of this year.  At the end of the third quarter, we had $577 million remaining under our authorized share repurchase programs. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.3 billion in cash and investments and $1 billion in net cash, both essentially equivalent to the prior year period and reflective of our strong financial condition. Our first 9 -- our results for the first 9 months of fiscal 2012 clearly showcased the momentum supporting the Ralph Lauren brand across our various merchandise categories and distribution channels worldwide. They also reflect the diligence of our global teams, as we have navigated through unprecedented cost of goods inflation in an uncertain consumer backdrop, even as we funded the investments we are making and will continue to make in Asia, in product initiatives like Denim & Supply and accessories and in global e-commerce development.  We are mindful of the fact that as you are all aware, the global retail environment is still fairly unpredictable, although very recent macro indicators have been more encouraging in the U.S. The apparel customer still appears to be somewhat price sensitive. International tourism in the U.S. and Europe in our stores have been erratic. And while Asia comp growth has been strong, we will have closed, as Roger mentioned, approximately 60% of our Greater China distribution network by the end of fiscal 2012.  So while we are raising our sales and profit outlook for the year on the strength of our third quarter financial performance, we continue to monitor trends across all of our channels and regions in order to proactively address any material changes that could affect our plans and outlook. And I'd like to review that with you now. For the full year fiscal 2012 period, we now expect revenues to increase by approximately 20%, which compares to our prior expectation of high teens to low 20s. Implicit in this outlook is an expectation for mid-teens growth in wholesale shipments and mid-20% growth for retail segment revenues. Continued Europe macro concerns and the resulting decline in consumer confidence; a reduction in Hong Kong and China doors; and the anniversary of the South Korea acquisition in the fourth quarter, which has contributed to our retail segment growth on a non-comp basis in the first 3 quarters of the year, are all embedded within this outlook. Additionally, exchange rates, primarily the euro, are expected to have a net negative impact on our consolidated revenue growth given current level. We are also raising our full year operating margin outlook for the year. Currently, we expect our fiscal 2012 operating margin to be approximately equal to or just slightly below the prior year's level, which compares to our previous expectation of a 50 basis point decline. And if you'll recall, we started the year anticipating a 100 to 150 basis point decline in our operating margin, so we are very proud to be able to expect to stabilize our annual profitability considering that we've navigated unprecedented cost of goods inflation, while still funding our growth initiatives. Our revised full year operating margin outlook assumes continued gross margin pressure from cost of goods inflation in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind, our fourth quarter has built a large wholesale shipment quarter for our spring merchandise, as well as the quarter wherein we will resell residual fall and holiday merchandise at our retail stores. And our retail segments related to clearance have a larger margin impact this year due to our higher penetration of retail sales in the quarter.  We expect to incur approximately $5 million to $10 million in restructuring charges associated with our Asia repositioning program in the fourth quarter. This estimate includes incremental expense related to closing the remaining stores and shops left in our plan. By the end of this year, we will have closed 95 points of distribution, somewhat more than our original expectation of 65 closures, as we continue to refine our assessment of the network. And as a reminder, these costs have been consistently segregated and excluded from the operating margin guidance we've provided to you. We currently expect a fiscal 2012 tax rate of approximately 34%.  As Roger and Jacki articulated earlier, our success is rooted in our culture of clearly defined brand standards and merchandise strategies and an extremely disciplined approach to execution. We are not providing fiscal 2013 guidance on today's call, but I do think it is important to acknowledge that we do expect the moderating of fiscal 2012's very strong top line momentum in the next fiscal year.  In addition to the continued uncertain consumer outlook in Europe, our sales base in Greater China will be significantly reduced as a result of closing 60% of the shop network by the end of this year. It will take time, as Roger mentioned, to rebuild an appropriate, more elevated network to properly represent our luxury apparel and accessory assortments. Additionally, both home and South Korea will now be comp next year. Having said this, we are incredibly encouraged by the outlook for the global luxury market over the next several years and our increasing participation in that growth with our geographic expansion, luxury store openings and expanded accessories assortment.  Indeed, we are investing today to capitalize on this opportunity, particularly in international markets online -- and online. Our company has a clear, compelling growth strategy, and we have a long-standing track record of success, consistently, in executing against our strategies. This bolsters our confidence in continuing to make the proactive investments and decisions that we believe are appropriate to drive incremental, long-term shareholder value creation. And with those remarks, I'll conclude the company's remarks and open the call up for your questions. Operator, would you assist us with that, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, my one question would be -- and I know you spend a lot of time talking about this quarter and previous quarters, the global opportunity. But I thought it might be an interesting chance, Roger, for you to give an update on your view on the U.S. landscape, especially in light of some of the changes going on, like one of your bigger customers, jcpenney, new management there. It seems like they're taking a new approach to the department store format. Would appreciate any of your views on that.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Omar. Where to begin? We talked in the prepared remarks about the extraordinary overall growth of our business. And clearly, the international year-to-date trends in the 40s has led the charge, but we've been surprised by the incredible resilience and strength of our domestic business. And as I said, that's come to our own direct-to-customer initiatives, as well as our wholesale. The results you've heard about third quarter from the wholesale landscape are sort of a mixed bag of strong to medium to more challenging. And I think the mid-tier channel had a more challenging third quarter. We've met with Ron Johnson and his team several times, Ralph and Jacki and I. So we've been very interested and excited to learn about his strategy and his revolution. It's an interesting time for Penneys, as they try to lead that organization in new direction, and we're very excited as everybody else is to see how that plays out. But we were at the end of a 5-year commitment to American Living, and I think upon reflection, we decided mutually to move away from that business after the spring/summer shipments. We have a lot in our plate that is very exciting and challenging, and we want to make sure our efforts and energies are aligned with the opportunities. I think, Penneys has a lot of change and transformation going on, and in some cases, that's going to take time to play out. So we've left the door open to further dialogue for the relationships, but at this point, we're going to spend our time and energy building and controlling our brands the best way we know how. It has a de minimis impact on our financial results to upon the completion of spring/summer really will be in a much smaller mode with that. Our domestic wholesale efforts focused on our existing customers, particularly with Chaps being the #1 brand at Kohl's. We think we have that channel well covered.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Investment Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On your last conference call, you had mentioned, I believe that you had, 3 flagships earmarked in China. And just with the announcement today about the 95 points of closure, can you update us on -- or your view on flagships in China and the timing of those buildouts?
Roger N. Farah: Sure. The 95 points of distribution is a slightly larger number than we talked about earlier in the year. As we looked at our strategies in that part of the world, we became convinced that the customer there would respond to our elevated assortments. So when we built a store in The Peninsula in Hong Kong, and one in Shanghai and saw the extraordinary reaction to our luxury products, we decided to get more aggressive about closing the B and C locations formally selected by our licensing partner. So we are continuing to look and negotiate in Beijing and Shanghai and Hong Kong for flagships. But at the same time, we're looking for additional locations throughout China and have a exploratory list that's quite long. How many of them will come to fruition at fiscal '13 versus '14 or '15 is still up in the air, and we'll keep you informed. But the flagships statements we've made in the New York or Paris or in Omotesando in Japan, we think, are critical for the brand expression. And we need to build awareness of our luxury profile in Japan. We needed to build it in Paris, and we certainly need to do it in China, not only for the customer shopping in China but for those travelers, because they shop in Seoul, Korea. They shop in the United States. They shop in Europe. And our ability to tell our story is best expressed through flagships. And so at the moment, we're hard at work looking in those 3 markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Roger, just if we could talk a little bit about the share gains. Obviously, very impressive, but what's even more impressive is in margin opportunity, as you talk about capitalizing on growth across more compelling and more accretive geographies, categories and channels. Maybe if you could help us think about the margin's potential, those in the near-term, as I think, in the call you talked about relief in fall '12 shipments, given cost of goods but also the long-term, as you capitalize on these share opportunities across an even healthier margin platform?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Adrianne. Let me break my answer into 2 pieces. The cost of goods discussion, which has been well dialogued among the industry, we took the position, when that began to occur, that we thought it would be a period of time of extraordinary inflation in raw materials and in labor, but believed it would not sustain. So a lot of the action that Jacki talked about and decisions that we made, we think it played well to our customers. We maintained quality. We did not change, make or raw material or trim or fit. And I think we've picked up market share, because the customer has come to expect that from Ralph Lauren. We passed along certain of the price increases, and that did affect, in the end, some of our margin. But we're all seeing now fall '12 and beyond raw materials, but particularly cotton coming back to a more appropriate level. And we think our margins will begin to rise in the fall '12 and beyond period. So we think we made the right decision there. And that's playing out around all product categories, particularly those that are dominated by cotton. Separately, we are seeing a mix change that's helping our margins. One, the retail margins are higher in rate than wholesale. And as you've seen this quarter, particularly, we're getting extraordinary growth out of our direct-to-consumer business around the globe. Second, the international markets actually have higher margins than the domestic markets. And so as that growth continues and the penetration rises, that will help margins. And then in certain other product categories, as they continue to grow, including accessories and others, those should be, over time, margin-rich categories. So the mix is working to our advantage as it plays out over the next 2 or 3 years, in addition to what we think is more normalized and predictable cost of goods changes. That's the end of my answer.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have just 2 quick questions. One is if you could give us a little bit of a comment on, I believe, you said there was going to be a shift to some operating expenses from third quarter into fourth quarter. If you could help us understand what that is, and perhaps what the size of that is? Obviously, it's in the guidance, but just maybe a little bit more detail. And then my question is, really, just if you could give some more conversation on Europe. I think everybodys seeing the volatility there. In last conference call, you spoke to it. And it's -- I believe, that market's about 70% wholesale for you. So you do have good visibility from your retail partners there and what the orders will look like. Maybe we can just -- walk us from last quarter to this quarter, as far as what you're seeing in the backlog there in Europe and what the latest trends are there. And I guess, I'll just end up by give my congratulations on what I thought was a very good result in Europe for the quarter for you guys, considering the volatility over there.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Well, I'll take that first part of that question, even though that was 2 questions. And then Roger will take the second part, as it relates to Europe. In terms of the expense shift that we saw from the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, it was a combination of corporate expense areas, advertising, some e-commerce investment, some headcount expenses that shifted into the fourth quarter that we had initially anticipated in the third quarter. And also, we talked about the fact that we will have restructuring and impairment charges in the fourth quarter. So that is the bulk of the incremental expenses that shifted from third quarter into fourth quarter. Magnitude of that is somewhere in the $15 million to $18 million range.
Roger N. Farah: The European environment is volatile, as you know. And having just been there recently, you actually feel it even more so in the different markets, because it's daily headlines. So with that, as a backdrop, and with no attempt to be an economist or a federal officer in terms of fiscal policy, I think there is a sense of uncertainty among the local customers about how the debt crisis, the euro crisis will be resolved and a question about whether or not the fix for some of these unbalanced country budgets will be either higher taxes or cut back in services in a way that will make for a longer-term recovery. But with that as a backdrop, our wholesale bookings, which at this point through early February are really mostly men's because we haven't really fully booked spring/fall products for women's. But the early reads by the products we have booked are up, and were getting market share, albeit with most retailers in Europe operating cautiously. I think they're taking a cautious view about inventory. I think they're taking a cautious view about capital, but within that, as they look to pay their resources and invest in the brands that they feel the strongest about, we feel good about our position and our opportunity. The second piece of what will happen over time in Europe is a lot of the small specialty stores are being squeezed by these conditions, particularly in markets like Italy and some of the southern parts of Western Europe. And so over time, we will be looking to build up what we call monobrand or Ralph Lauren branded stores throughout Europe, whether owned or licensed, we will go more direct to the customer. And we also are seeing customers making choice about shopping Internet. While the Internet, in general, in Europe is trailing the United States, our early reads on England, France and Germany have been encouraging. So we think we'll be taking our message more directly to the customer online through our own stores and then through taking share out of the key department store accounts in the other markets. So maybe not as buoyant as what we've reported to date, but we still think there's growth opportunities in Europe.
Operator: Next we hear from John Kernan with Cowen and Company.
John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to focus onto what seems to be expanding initiatives for you guys, specifically Denim & Supply and Club Monaco. I think Jacki talked about 100 doors of distribution for Denim & Supply right now, and then you talked about e-commerce launch for Club Monaco. And certainly that brand is growing in Europe. How do you look at the global potential for both of these initiatives going forward?
Roger N. Farah: Well, I think Jacki said hundreds, more than 100, because for us, it's an international launch, Europe, Asia and the United States. Here in the United States, it's really closer to 200 through Macy's, and then there's the incremental doors outside of the U.S. So we're actually very bullish on that brand, into full lifestyle offering in men's and women's and accessories. And the early reads, which we are hoping, were particularly good for the denim part. A lot of times when you read about denim businesses, they're more about the sportswear and less about the denim. But in this case Ralph and the team have come up with a spectacular balance, and so we're getting at both Men's and Women's. Club Monaco, which I think you've all seen, has experienced significant comp store growth, compounded quarter-after-quarter, has really led, what we think, is a women's offering that is now being accepted globally. Here, in the United States, we distributed through our own stores, soon-to-be e-commerce in Asia. We do it through license partners and our growing our footprint and being well received in Asia. It's a look and a style that the customer there is enjoying. And in Europe, we've recently launched through shop-in-shops and department stores and are studying whether or not freestanding stores in key markets are a opportunity as well. So we're really seeing the worldwide acceptance of Club Monaco and really believe we're on a unique track there in a market where women's has not been particularly strong for a lot of competitors. So we think we're getting at that opportunity globally, and we think the brand has tremendous potential.
Operator: Next we hear from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have a little more thematic question regarding the up positioning of the brands in your key regions. Can you talk about how much of your assortment is at the desired price value points in the U.S., Europe and Asia?
Roger N. Farah: Well, I'm going to give you a response that may not get exactly what you're asking. So if not, you'll ask me again. We think we give good price value at all ranges from Collection through Chaps. We think the product and the price value is a fair one and represents fair value for the consumer. We put a lot into the product, and I think that consistent approach to high quality has served as well. But I'm not sure how to answer that by brand or by channel beyond what I've just said.
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, if I could get some more color about what you mean by the up positioning of the brand and how we should think about that going forward?
Roger N. Farah: The up positioning?
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. I guess, I'll take the question offline.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Sorry, Christian. Do you have another question?
Christian Buss - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's good for me.
Operator: And our final question will come from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David J. Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I was wondering if you could comment, Roger, on the importance of your new hire for the head of -- you created a new position over International, Daniel Lalonde, if I pronounced that correctly. And the thought process behind creating the position, what you think he will add to the strategy and whether or not this may be a clue in terms of succession planning at the company?
Roger N. Farah: Well, let me -- I'm going to broaden my answer a little bit. Daniel has been hard at work now for 2 days. So we are putting him through a crash orientation course. But I got to know Daniel over the last year through a variety of discussions. And I think he's a unique talent that's chosen to join us at a very opportunistic time. His background is steeped in running luxury businesses. It's steeped in the accessory world, both LV watches and is steeped in international customers. Every one of those subjects are high priorities for this company. To date, we had International reporting to Jacki in Asia and to me in Europe, and our desire was to make sure that the International voice is well represented holistically. And while Jacki and I want to take some credits for oversight, we also have new talent in Europe in John Hooks who joined us in the fall and Mark Daley in Asia, who joined us about this time last year. So we think we've built an incredibly talented experienced group of people now with the ability to take us to the next step. And then under them, we are cascading down through the ranks, looking to upgrade our talent in this critical subject. We set out a desire to make our business 2/3 international at some point, and we're making extraordinary progress. The only problem is the U.S. keeps growing quickly as well. So our timetable gets pushed back. The other thing I'd also comment on is we've made some other key hires over the last couple of months in product categories like home. We hired was Ian Sears, who's come in to run our home business and several other key strategic talents. We have a long-standing commitment to talent, because we won't get far with just a strategy and a good balance sheet, we need the talent. So internally, we've spent a lot of time and energy on development of our own people, but strategically, where we need to bring in a key hire that we think will take us to a new level, we've done that as well. I think the results weve reported today are really a function of a world-class team. And I'm very proud of the hard work that we've put into this group, whether it's design, merchandising, advertising, supply chain, on and on and on. And this is not easy in this environment. This is not as simple as it looks, when we report it 4 times a year. But we expect Daniel and Mark Daley and John Hooks and others to contribute internationally, and the rest of the team here in New York is hard at work. So I thank them all, I thank you for your interest. Hopefully, we'll get a chance to complete the year with the May call, but we're very excited about the future and have a lot of opportunities to challenge us for the next 5- or 10-year period.
James Hurley: Thanks very much.
Operator: And we have no further questions. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. And that does conclude today's conference call.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-11-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Jackwyn L. Nemerov - Executive Vice President of Wholesale Brands, Licensed Products, Sourcing, Merchandising, Home and Asia Pacific and Director Tracey Thomas Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Joseph Parkhill - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference. Just a reminder, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Conference Call. The agenda for the call today includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some product commentary; and Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the second quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2012. After that, we will open the call up for your questions that we please ask you to limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guaranteed, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to keep my remarks relatively brief this morning since I really got a cold and I'm losing my voice. There's no question that we're reporting better-than-expected second quarter results today. Double-digit revenue growth in each of our major geographies contributed to consolidated sales that were 24% better than prior year. The 18% increase in second quarter earnings per share reflects strong profit flow-through even as we're managing through substantial cost of goods inflation and continued investment in our long-term growth initiatives, including the integration of the strategically important regions and products now as directly controlled operations.  The double-digit sales and profit growth come on top of double-digit gains in the prior year period, a clear demonstration of the growing desirability of Ralph Lauren brands across an expanding range of merchandise categories and on an increasingly global platform. The high-teens domestic revenue we achieved in the quarter is extraordinary considering the existing scale of our business. It's also well-balanced across distribution channels supported by a fantastic growth in our Men's business, kids, dresses and the successful launch of Denim & Supply.  Our international revenues grew twice as fast as our domestic sales and represented approximately 38% of our consolidated revenues. In Europe, we are capturing share with our core merchandise offerings through a combination of productivity gains and incremental distribution, including the expansion of existing shops to accommodate the growing bandwidth of each of our brands.  As we've discussed in the past, we don't have distribution for all of our brands in Europe yet, so we are rolling out new merchandise categories including Lauren footwear and Club Monaco, which is yielding incremental distribution and extending our reach through the continent. There's been a lot of concern about the European business trends, given the sovereign debt crisis that has gripped headlines over the last 6 months.  Having been in Europe last week, it is a key topic of conversation. However, there is clearly a long-term opportunity for us to continue to expand there. Much of our focus in Europe over the next several years will be the introduction of new product categories and additional direct-to-customer efforts, which include mono brand stores, e-commerce or shop-in-shops.  As you know, Asia is a high-growth region for us and the appetite for the Ralph Lauren brand continues to expand across all major territories. Greater China represents the biggest single long-term growth opportunity in the region. Today, Greater China represents only 3% of our consolidated revenues. That is unlikely to change very much in the near term since we are closing important points of our legacy distribution this year. After resetting our local market presence, we intend to pursue measured thoughtful growth in the region. We are confident with our brands and the luxury product acceptance in Greater China. The response to our most elevated products, including apparel and accessories, have been tremendous in the new locations that we sell. We need to raise the understanding and awareness of the Ralph Lauren lifestyle brands. Establishing flagship presence in the region is critical. We've identified the need for flagship presence in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Beijing and are actively working to secure locations in each city.  We are also looking for the right opportunities to go directly to our customers on a broader scale. While new stores are important component of our expanding direct-to-customer reach, e-commerce is another major area of focus for us. In the United States, RalphLauren.com continues to grow at a mid-20s-percent rate. It is an increasingly important vehicle to educate customers about the scope of the World of Ralph Lauren. It's been a useful platform to showcase new and emerging merchandise categories, particularly those with more limited distribution in our stores.  As a result, we find that the Childrenswear, accessories and home products enjoy a higher sales penetration online than we experienced in our brick and mortar stores, and the ready acceptance of Denim & Supply on RalphLauren.com is also very encouraging. We're expanding our online reach in Europe by going live in France and several other French-speaking countries. We did that during the second quarter. We also recently launched Germany on October 14. And we'll continue to execute against the broad global e-commerce strategy, one that we believe will include parts of Asia over the next 1 to 2 years.  We are proud of the excellent results we've achieved across the company in the first half of the year, both in terms of financial performance and really progress on all of our key growth initiatives. There is no doubt that our long-standing commitment to invest in design and to innovate with new merchandising that is made to the highest quality standards and presented in a unique, aspirational shopping environment has supported our performance.  The customer has been most excited to spend on new fashion products. So we're comfortable with our decisions that we made to deal with the higher cost, particularly since the customer continues to vote for Ralph Lauren brands across merchandise categories.  Over the last 2 months, we've seen extreme stock market movement and negative economic news, which resulted in more volatile sales and traffic at Ralph Lauren stores in the United States and Europe, particularly with local customers. Our past experiences suggests that the volatility in traffic has more to do with sentiment than it does with our ability -- customers' ability to spend. Having said that, the near-term outlook for the global economy historically has been a good indicator for discretionary sales trends but has slowed. And while we are raising our sales and profit outlook for the year, it's important to remember in the context of geopolitical uncertainty, the critical holiday selling period is still ahead of us. We believe we are well positioned for holiday, and that we've invested in the right merchandise strategies to leverage our brand strength as a go-to resource for gifts and self-purchase.  Macroeconomic dynamics are clearly out of our control, but we are an agile organization, and we believe we are prepared to navigate through them as we've successfully done in the past. We are armed with the strongest, most desirable brand in the world, one that has managed to outperform in good times and bad. And we have been thoughtful to invest in high-return strategic initiatives that allow us to deliver both near-term and long-term results.  Our sustained focus on our growth initiatives is validated by the resilience and consistency of our performance over the last several years. But despite the near-term headwinds, we believe we are well positioned to generate substantial shareholder value over the long term, and we continue to believe the best is yet to come.  Now I'll ask Jacki to comment on the product and merchandising highlights for the quarter.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter was yet another period of strong global expansion for us as evidenced by our multi-channel revenue growth. Our products are certainly an important driver of that success as are the thoughtful planning and merchandising strategies that are both supporting market share gains and helping to mitigate the impact of cost of goods inflation.  As Ralph commented in this morning's press release, we continue to pursue exciting new avenues of growth by leveraging the desirability of our brand across the growing range of merchandise categories. Our unwavering commitment to product innovation is supporting the momentum in both core and emerging classification. This morning, I'd like to take you through some key second quarter product highlights, as well as update you on milestones for our denim and accessories initiatives.  First and foremost, the growth in our Men's business worldwide continues to be spectacular. Season after season, Ralph and the design teams create distinctive new products that further distinguish us in the marketplace and drive incremental market share gain. The iconic vernacular of the Ralph Lauren brand enables us to address the more traditional aesthetic with Purple Label and Polo and the more contemporary ones of Black Label and RLX.  We're now addressing a younger, more casual and more eclectic male customer with our Denim & Supply line but more on that exciting introduction in a moment. The momentum in Childrenswear is a similar story to Men's, and Childrenswear merchandise was an important driver of our revenue growth across channels and regions during the second quarter. The investments we've made in developing our assortment from layette and babies to boys and girls has fueled the appetite for our product worldwide.  We are uniquely positioned to address the child's complete wardrobe requirement from school and play to special occasion, and we continue to enjoy preference as the go-to brand for gifting, which is a testament to the quality of the product and the prestige of the brand. Innovative marketing initiatives such as the RL Gang interactive and shoppable digital storybook and the first ever online fashion show for girls 7 to 14, solidify our position as the leader in premium Childrenswear.  We believe there is much more category growth for us, especially in international markets, and Childrenswear is expected to be an important part of our overall Asian growth strategy. For the critical holiday season, we continue to leverage the gift-giving appeal of the Ralph Lauren brand across every product territory. We know that the aspirational nature of our brand and the quality of our product are a powerful combination when the consumer is selecting the right gifts for everyone on the list.  Where appropriate, we carry a design theme and product story across multiple categories to create a more unified world of Ralph Lauren presentation at this time of year. And our in-store digital and print marketing emphasize the timeless appeal of a gift from Ralph Lauren. In terms of newer initiatives, one of the most exciting milestones of the second quarter was the global launch of our newest brand, Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply. Consumer interest and acceptance is very encouraging across both men's and women's, particularly for more fashion-oriented novelty pieces that are unique to our portfolio.  The combination of the brand's positioning, the product content and the in-store and online presentation is resonating with the consumer. The sensibility of the Denim & Supply product and the power of the Ralph Lauren brand allows us to secure a significant incremental floor space to present this newest offering to the consumer. Our investment in the wholesale shop environment is a powerful demonstration of our long-term commitment to the category and reinforces our belief in the ability of the unique and strongly branded in-store environment to both attract attention on the selling floor and bring the merchandise to life.  Our online marketing and social media efforts were extremely effective at creating awareness with the Denim & Supply brands, and we'll continue to invest in that messaging to drive awareness. We believe that our lifestyle approach to this category makes Denim & Supply both distinctive in the marketplace and represents a meaningful global opportunity for us.  As you've heard in previous calls, developing a large, dynamic accessories offering has been one of our key strategic initiatives. And while it's still a new business for us, we are experiencing great acceptance of our accessory merchandise. In September, we hosted 300 fashion editors and buyers from around the world for a special preview of the spring 2012 Ralph Lauren accessories collection at our women flagship store at 888 Madison. The reaction was spectacular.  We effectively communicated the substantial evolution of the breadth of our handbags, footwear, belts and scarf offerings and the importance of these categories was underscored by their positioning in the store. Editors and buyers alike were particularly impressed by our new shape, materials, colors and the range of price points for our handbags. We are confident that with the additional distribution, we will grow Ralph Lauren Accessories into a large-scale international business.  Our Lauren handbags and small leather goods have also gained momentum. With the benefit of reading first couple of seasons of market response, we've been able to calibrate our assortments to have the right balance of core offering and seasonal fashion. Our dual focus on design and function combined with the extraordinary relevance of consumer confidence in the Lauren brand will support additional distribution of Lauren accessories over the next several years.  The opportunity in Men's is also evolving nicely to both the Ralph Lauren and Polo brands, and we'll look to expand distribution of men's accessories over the next few season. In order to grow awareness of our presence in the category and to showcase the product in the most aspirational way, we've continued to emphasize accessories in our global advertising campaign. We believe that the power of the Ralph Lauren brand and our unique lifestyle approach to design will be as successful for our Accessories business as it has been for apparel, and we see tremendous long-term opportunity.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Tracey.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen in this morning's press release, we reported excellent second quarter operating results. Consolidated net revenues were $1.9 billion, 24% greater than the prior year period and better than the high-teens to low-20% growth expectation we outlined for you in August. The increase in net revenues reflects double-digit gains at our wholesale and retail segments with higher sales of our core apparel products, particularly Men's and Childrenswear supporting our top line momentum across all channels worldwide.  The combination of both the incremental revenues from the South Korea license transition and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation affected our total reported revenue growth by approximately 6%. The second quarter gross profit margin of 56.6% was 140 basis points below the prior year period and was in line with our expectations as we experienced the full impact of higher cost of goods inflation, which outweighed the combined offsetting effect of our selective price increases, a higher retail segment penetration and the beneficial margin impact of international sales growth penetration.  Operating expenses of $728 million were 25% greater than the prior year period. We deleveraged operating expenses by 30 basis points, was considerably below the approximately 150 basis points of deleverage we anticipated in the quarter. The upside to our expectations was mostly due to our ability to leverage expenses on the higher sales level we achieved. The modest deleverage reflects a higher retail channel mix, including the transition of our formally licensed South Korea operations, which is entirely retail distribution.  Our operating income of $351 million was 14% greater than the prior year period, and our operating margin was 18.4%, which was 170 basis points below the record 20.1% level achieved in the prior year period. The decline in our operating margin was primarily a function of the gross margin impact of the unprecedented cost of goods inflation we experienced during the quarter, in addition to shifts in our overall channel mix.  The growth in operating income drove the 14% increase in the second quarter net income to $233 million, and net income per diluted share rose 18% to $2.46. Regarding our segment highlights for the quarter, our Wholesale segment sales increased 20% to $996 million, and constant dollars sales increase 17%. Global sales of our core merchandise, particularly Men's and Childrenswear, in addition to new merchandise categories such as Denim & Supply in the U.S. and the expansion of footwear distribution in Europe, all contributed to our growth.  In the U.S. we continue to see broad-based strength across multiple men's labels in both department stores, as well as specialty stores. Polo Sportswear trends have been particularly good, especially for novelty and exclusive items, and men's Black Label continues to gain momentum as its merchandise offering expands. Women's sportswear trends remain challenging in the U.S., although our dresses and accessories benefited from expanded assortments and incremental distribution.  In Europe, menswear sales to department stores were strong as we continue to improve productivity and capture additional floor space for existing and new merchandise categories. European wholesale shipments also benefited from expanded distribution for Lauren sportswear and the introduction of Polo footwear. However, shipments to independent specialty stores throughout Europe and in Italy, in particular, were more challenging as they have been for us and many others over the last several quarters.  Total operating income for the second quarter rose 4% to $247 million, although the wholesale operating margin declined 400 basis points to 24.8%. The decline in wholesale operating margin was primarily due to cost of goods inflation and incremental expenses associated with the investment in new product expansion such as home textiles, Denim & Supply and Club Monaco in Europe.  Our continued success in expanding our direct-to-consumer reach is evidenced in the 31% growth in Retail segment sales to $861 million during the quarter. We achieved comparable store sales growth across most retail concepts, and the contribution from newly opened stores and incremental sales from the newly assumed South Korean operations were other important drivers of growth.  Overall comp store sales increased 13%, reflecting 5% growth at Ralph Lauren stores and 14% increase at factory stores and 24% growth at Club Monaco stores. RalphLauren.com sales continue to expand at a double-digit rate, increasing comp sales 25% in the second quarter. Overall comp gains were primarily a combined result of both transaction growth and an increase in average dollars sales per transaction, with the latter mostly due to higher average unit retail prices resulting from the price increases taken due to the cost of goods inflation.  However, traffic trends were mixed across our global retail formats during the quarter. At our Ralph Lauren stores, we did experience lower traffic in the U.S. and Europe during the extreme stock market volatility in August and September although generally speaking, our flagship stores globally continue to outperform in the quarter. Sales trends at our stores and concession shops throughout Asia were very strong in the quarter, and the recovery in Japan remains on track.  Momentum at our factory stores worldwide continue to be exceptional in the quarter. In addition to increased traffic to our factory stores, the strength of our brand combined with our compelling assortment this season across Men's, Women's and Childrenswear is driving a higher conversion. Online, men's, Childrenswear and accessories were particularly strong during the quarter as was the introduction of our new Denim & Supply line.  Club Monaco's robust sale gains are continuing to be driven primarily by trend-right women's merchandise. We opened 12 directly-operated freestanding stores and closed 9 stores during the second quarter, 5 of which were in the Greater China region. In conjunction with our Greater China repositioning effort, we also closed 23 shop locations and 5 franchise stores during the quarter. We ended the period with 374 company-operated stores and 522 concession shop locations globally.  Retail operating income grew 39% to $146 million in the second quarter, and the retail operating margin increased 100 basis points to 17%. The improvement in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate are primarily due to comparable store sales growth and improved profit trends in Asia, both in Greater China, as well as in Japan. These improvements offset the substantial pressure we had from cost of goods inflation, expenses related to the transition of the South Korea operation and continued investment in international e-commerce development.  Licensing royalties were $48 million in the second quarter, 3% greater than the prior year period, primarily due to increased domestic apparel product royalties. Growth was partially offset by lower fragrance and international licensing royalties, as we were anniversary-ing both last year's big Pony fragrance launch and the transition of formally licensed South Korea operations.  Operating income for our licensing segment also rose 8% to $30 million, a result of higher royalty revenues and lower net costs. We ended the quarter with $979 million in cash and investments and $606 million in net cash. Consolidated inventory was up 35% at the end of the second quarter on a reported basis.  The components of the 35% increase are as follows: Non-comp items included in our inventory this year are new merchandise categories like Denim & Supply and home textile, newly transitioned operations such as South Korea and new channels of distribution such as our international e-commerce site and new retail stores. These all combined to represent 14% of the 35% total growth.  Another 14% of the increase is to support the comp anticipated sales growth and changes in shipment cadence across previously existing product categories, geographies and channels. The remaining 7% of the 35% increase is primarily attributable to cost of goods inflation and foreign currency impacts. We continue to expect inventory growth to become progressively more aligned with sales trends throughout fiscal 2012, as we cycle through changes in year-over-year shipment cadence and anniversary the transition of formally licensed operations.  We spent approximately $53 million on CapEx during the second quarter to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. We also repurchased 773,000 shares of stock utilizing $92 million of our current authorization, and we had approximately $579 million remaining under our authorized share repurchase program at the end of the second quarter. We are very pleased with our second quarter and first half results, which demonstrate continued momentum in our core and emerging businesses around the world. We've once again achieved double-digit profit expansion in the quarter even as we continue to make important incremental investments in each of our key growth initiatives in order to support continued future growth of our business.  As you are all acutely aware, the extraordinary volatility in global equity and credit markets that began in early August and intensified in the last 2 months. Political and macroeconomic uncertainties are weighing on business and consumer confidence, and we have seen increased weekly sales volatility in our U.S. and European stores. And so while we are raising our sales and profit outlook for the year on the strength of our first half performance, we do continue to monitor trends across all channels and regions in order to proactively address any material changes that could affect our plans and outlook, which I'd like to review with you now.  For the third quarter, we currently expect consolidated net revenues to increase at a low-teens rate. Our expectations are based on a mid-single digit increase in global wholesale sales and a high-teens increase in Retail segment sales, including high single-digit comparable store sales growth. In addition to a more challenging environment, particularly in Europe, wholesale revenue growth in the second half of fiscal 2012 is expected to be additionally suppressed by the continued channel shift in Japan, where we have transitioned certain wholesale distribution to directly operated concession shops, and the closure of some of our shops in Greater China as part of our repositioning efforts.  For our Retail segment, we will anniversary the acquisition of the South Korea license in the fourth quarter of this year. So incremental non-comp revenue growth we have experienced from South Korea in the first half of this year will be reduced in the second half. Our Retail segment sales and profit in the second half of the year will also begin to reflect a more pronounced impact from our Greater China repositioning efforts, many of which were planned to transition at the end of the second quarter as I mentioned earlier and during the fourth quarter.  Our operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be approximately 300 basis points below that achieved in the comparable prior year, with the decline split evenly between gross margin pressure and expense deleverage. Indeed, we expect as we have experienced gross margin to also be down for the balance of fiscal 2012, including for our spring shipments as costing remains above the prior year levels.  Operating expenses are also expected to continue to deleverage compared to last year due to the higher retail channel mix shift this year, driven primarily by both South Korea and new stores and the investment in infrastructure related to international e-commerce distribution. We have also incurred additional investment for the launch of new product categories in the U.S. and Europe.  For the full fiscal 2012 period, we now expect revenues to increase at a high-teens to low-20% range, which compares to our prior year expectations of mid- to high-teens growth. Our full year operating margin outlook is now expected to be down 50 basis points from the prior year period, which is an improvement relative to our prior expectation of a 50 to 100 basis point decline.  We have also revised our expectations of the restructuring charges associated with our Greater China shop network repositioning program to approximately $5 million for the full year, $4 million of which is expected to come in the second half of the year and mostly concentrated in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, these costs have consistently been segregated and excluded from our operating margin guidance. The substantial reduction in anticipated restructuring costs from our original $10 million to $20 million estimate reflects our active management to successfully repurpose or transfer leases and redeploy staff to other parts of the company.  Our organization is focused on navigating through global economic uncertainty, while continuing to prudently invest in our long-term strategies of international expansion, direct-to-consumer expansion and merchandise innovation. We are extremely proud of our year-to-date accomplishments. And barring any significant economic jolts in the U.S. or Europe, we are comfortable in our ability to once again deliver double-digit profit growth resulting from our strategies as reflected in our full year guidance.  And at this point, we're going to open up the call and take any questions that you may have. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Omar Saad, ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Roger, your tone on the macro seemed to have softened just a little bit from last quarter but at the same time, the company keeps generating really incredible sales results and raising the kind of revenue guidance. Help us put this into context and what's really changed about this company? I don't think -- I can't remember these kind of revenue results since the company was much, much smaller. Are we at an inflection point? Or is this sustainable especially in context of the macro?
Roger N. Farah: Okay, maybe my tone has something to do with I'm sick. But discounting that for a moment, as we push out around the world and as you've been a regular follower, following to the story, I think we just continue to see the global acceptance for Ralph Lauren product as we pushed out in Europe or as we're about to make a bigger push in Asia. And I think all of that, we've framed in the past and we've framed in terms of aspirations about what we thought we could do and quite frankly, we're doing that and then some. One of the real surprises in the revenue story is the very strong domestic growth. A lot of prior conversations that we've modeled with all of you talk about our ambition to do 1/3 of our business in Europe and 1/3 in Asia and 1/3 in the United States, and that was somewhat predicated on a slow growth U.S. scenario given the scale of what we did, the distribution we had and our belief that the international markets would grow faster. But lo and behold, as we just reported, the U.S. in this quarter had a high-teens growth rate and yes, Europe was double that. But given the scale of the U.S. business, that's made a meaningful difference to our top line performance. And as you know, sometimes size can fight against strong revenue growth without meaningful acquisition, and that's not our story. So as we look to continue to push out around the world, I don't think it dims any of our enthusiasm for the upside there. I think we've just surprised ourselves on the both domestic and wholesale fronts, as well as the direct-to-customer fronts here in the United States.
Operator: And next, we'll take a question from Kate McShane, Citi Investment Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Thank you for detail on the operating margin pressure that you expect on Q3. I was wondering if you could help me understand, given the dynamics that are happening between Q2 and Q3, why you're able to post a much better-than-expected operating margin in Q2 despite the guidance of 300 basis points pressure. And why you're still confident that there's going to be a higher level of operating margin pressure upcoming in Q3?
Tracey Thomas Travis: I think there are a couple of reasons for it, Kate. if you just start with the gross profit decline that we experienced in Q2. We expect that, that will continue in Q3 and Q4. So when I gave the 300 basis points of operating margin decline, I mentioned that half of it was due to gross profit. The other half is due to SG&A expenses. And we are continuing to make investments to grow the business in the future, while obviously delivering double-digit growth in the current quarters. Our growth does slow in the third quarter, some of it related to some of the door network closure in the Asia region that we spoke about, the Greater China region. So we did close a fair number of doors in the second quarter. And some of it related to some slowing of our business here in the U.S. So those 2 combined lead to greater operating margin decline.
Operator: Next up, we'll take a question from Adrianne Shapira, Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Perhaps just a follow-on question there in terms of the margin. As you had said, Tracey, that you did expect the second quarter sort of evenly split between gross margin and expenses. And obviously, it sounds like you hit your plan on the gross margin, expenses a little bit better. Maybe share with us given that this past quarter was the first quarter you saw the full effect of pricing. Share with us what you learned in terms of elasticity of demand as you basically hit your margin targets. And then a follow-on to that, given some near-term volatility in terms of traffic and sales since you've been leveraging better because of those better sales in the second quarter, how should we think about maybe anything you're thinking about contingency plans that relates to expenses if, in fact, sales continues to be this volatile.
Tracey Thomas Travis: I think that was 2 questions, Adrianne, but we're going to let Roger...
Roger N. Farah: Does my answer have to be as long your question? Let's talk about the cost of goods and the way it's sort of playing out through the movie here. We knew from the beginning that during the course of late summer, into fall and then through the back half of this season, costs were rising really in their most spectacular fashion with this holiday season being sort of the apex of that. A lot of the suppliers in the early part of price escalation were still blending the prices with inventory on hand that had not experienced quite as big ramp up. As that inventory was depleted and you were now bearing the full brunt of the extraordinary run-up in prices, that's really a big part of what's pressuring the third quarter cost of goods in a greater degree than other quarters. Of course, as that begins to come back in line as it plays out over the next 9 months, they'll take that high cost of raw materials, and they'll begin to blend it in with lower cost materials. And then it should begin to plane down towards next fall. So there's definitely sort of a peak of the cost of goods that we'll be experiencing through the next 3 or 4 months. We chose to pass along in many cases, but not all cases, the full impact of the cost of goods, and that was the decision that was made by merchandise category and by region. The combination of that for us was the thought process about margin rates, as well as sales opportunity. And I think to Omar's question, part of our -- the story at sales, the results through the first 6 months, I think reflect the proper balance we struck between the margin rate and sales dollar. And we'll continue to do that as we work our way through this volatile cost of goods period. The customer, which I think is embedded in one of your questions, actually has responded very well in most cases to fashion first. So if it's new product and they're excited, they buy it. And the relative pricing of that is immaterial. I think when there's something that catches their attention, that's new and different, that's been a nonissue. In terms of products that are more perennials or basics, I think there was some deceleration in unit sales for a period, and that's been climbing back. The actual results are difficult to draw final conclusions given that you're seeing the results of our July, August, September, which were extraordinary. October was a bit of a softer month. And then the businesses come back stronger in November to date. So I think we're going to need to get through the back end of the holiday selling season to get sort of a final read on customer reaction to all this volatility.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And on your question regarding SG&A. Clearly, as we have in the past, if we see a significant slowdown in business, we will look at discretionary expenditures and make determination on how much of that we can pull back on, whether it's more purely discretionary expenditures or even some of our investment initiatives that we're pursuing. One of things I would just remind you of is, as we shift our business more and more into retail, that mix impact does have a fairly significant impact on both our SG&A rate because retail obviously comes with higher SG&A expenses, as well as our inventory levels. So versus -- the more we shift mix from wholesale to retail. Clearly, higher gross profit margins, higher SG&A and higher inventory levels.
Operator: And from UBS is Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just I wanted to clarify one thing and then I had a question. Were there any China closure costs in the quarter? I think Tracey gave some comments there. And then I guess my bigger question is, in this quarter, when we look at the margins on the wholesale side, was all the product that shipped in the quarter shipped at the higher prices this quarter? Or was it -- those prices kicked in at some point in the middle of the quarter? I just wanted to make sure that there's a calendar benefit to be thinking about in the December quarter here. And then finally, any comments you have on how we should think about the new Jeans business. You guys sound like you're getting pretty encouraged by what you're seeing, and I would love to know at how you look at the size and the global opportunity of that business as you're starting to get into it.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. I think that was multiple questions as well, but I'll answer it. In terms of the closure costs, we had approximately $1 million of restructuring cost in the second quarter.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: The cost of goods really hit us dead center in this quarter in terms of the true change of the increased cost were fully impacted in this quarter. And in terms of the Jeans opportunity, we are off to what we believe is a wonderful start. I don't know if you've had an opportunity to see it in the stores. But the presentation, the product, the sensibility of the product for this brand new customer for us is pretty exciting. As you know, with Denim & Supply, we went after a very elevated assortment. It's a great fashion story for both Men's and Women's, and we have very high hopes for a very significant denim business worldwide. We began here in the United States where at one point, we had a Polo Jeans Co. business, which was much more commoditized and very different than what we're presenting in Denim & Supply. We felt that this content of product would play extremely well worldwide. So in the U.S., in Europe, where we've converted from Polo Jeans to Denim & Supply, which is exactly what we've done in Asia as well, has played out very well at this point worldwide. And we believe that we're in the beginnings of something very exciting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul, Barclays Capital.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My question is on the Retail segment, particularly the full line Ralph Lauren stores. It's been a sequential slowdown in comps, and I think your guidance for the next quarter calls for another slowdown on the blended comp. Can you provide some more perspective on the trends there? And is there a noticeable variation between the U.S. RL stores and the European stores?
Roger N. Farah: Sure, Bob. The headline I would identify in terms of the performance is really not distinguished by geography, but it's probably distinguished by markets that have important tourist components, whether they are in the United States or in Europe or even in Asia are the ones that outperformed any of the total numbers. So there is still a meaningful tourist component to gateway cities or tourist cities in Europe, the United States or Asia. Quite frankly, South Korea is a tourist destination for Chinese. So you really have to know that holistically. I would say the second piece of it is, the local domestic customer whether that's Europe or the United States was actually slower. So footfalls, shopping patterns in markets that are not considered gateway cities or supplemented by tourists was softer than average. So it's been a combination of those 2 factors really worldwide that make up the mix. And so as we look out over the holiday shopping period, really over the next 6 weeks, one of the interesting things is despite the macroeconomic issues and all the other issues we could rattle up together, one thing that retailers don't like to talk about but it's true is the weather. And as the weather has cooled off in Europe and the United States, we've actually seen pretty healthy returns of shopping patterns. So I don't think it's as much Europe versus the United States or Asia. I think it's more sort of global headline issues.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Evren Kopelman, Wells Fargo.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the Women's Sportswear business, some of the challenges you mentioned in the U.S. It's pretty impressive, your U.S. sales growth, given some of that. So how much do you think is company specific or industry-wide weakness in Women's Sportswear? And why do you think some of that weakness is? Is there no fashion trends? If you could comment on that, that would be great.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, I'll start and then I'll let our fashion guru, Jacki, give you the real facts. Yes, I think women's actually has been, from a sportswear perspective, one of the slower-growing categories for the industry. I think somewhat misleading though has been the strength of dresses, has been the strength of accessories, has been the strength of footwear. But I think some of this is, you can't get it at all categories at the same time. And if I go back several years ago to when sportswear was booming, it was tough dress markets, footwear was not as strong, and so I think women are spending money perhaps slightly differently but not less of it. Within the sportswear category, we are the lead resource, both domestically and in Europe. I was in 5 cities in Europe yesterday. Our presentations of Lauren, Blue Label, Black Label looks spectacular. So then I think within the category, it gets into fashion and product specifics.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Jeff Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Roger, I wonder if there's just a little bit more detail you can provide on Europe, I mean, given the very strong top line growth trends, essentially doubled the U.S. Maybe a little more color on, how much of that growth was driven by the new distribution that you referenced versus sort of organic growth. And then just any color on kind of north versus south. I mean, outside of the obvious challenges in Italy. Any other color there would be helpful.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, I'll start with the north versus south, where I'll probably say what a lot of others have said. The north is stronger. So our performance in England or France or Germany or the Scandinavian markets is quite strong. But the southern part of Europe, we don't have that much distribution in Greece, but certainly Italy or Spain have been more difficult. I think it's also for us a particularly difficult quarter fall, where we're delivering a lot of heavyweight products. So whether it's the economic realities of Southern Europe compounded by this particular quarter is always more difficult for us. Those markets have underperformed. The northern markets have overperformed. The other thing that I guess we could debate whether it's Europe or not. But our business in territories like the Middle East, our territories like Russia have been very strong through this period. But while we can call them for us emerging markets, we can call them anything we want, the fact is our product and our elevated product in those markets is quite strong. I think the other subject that Tracey touched on was the more challenging specialty store, multi-brand specialty store business has been difficult in the southern parts of Europe for several seasons now. So our business and the strength of our business is really coming out of Mono brand stores, whether they're owned or joint venture or license and/or our department store business. So kind of a country issue and it's also a channel issue. In terms of new product categories relative to the total growth of Europe, I think what's been surprising to us and this somewhat comes back to Omar's question is when we went into this year, we went in with an investment point of view about new markets, new brands, new product distribution and those are all playing out. The strength of the year-to-date has actually been the core product, the core distribution outperforming. But the bulk of Europe's growth is not in the new businesses yet. I think those are flags or seeds we're planting for the future that will ultimately give us a lot of growth in the years to come. It's the core businesses that continue to outperform that are driving the top line.
Operator: Next up is Joseph Parkhill, Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Parkhill - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your South Korea transition progress so far, if that's been progressing up to expectations both from a sales and margin perspective?
Roger N. Farah: Sure. The South Korea business came back at the beginning of the year, January 1. We were fortunate to have a talented management team that was in place, that was kept in place. So we have less of the start from scratch, build a management team that we had in other transitions. We are now beginning to impact the buys, the assortments, the presentations more directly. A lot of what was in place was assumptions we made about buys last spring and summer for this year. The customer has reacted very nice to fashion, to some of the merchandising initiatives, and we're working carefully with key department stores in terms of future brand position, locations, adjacencies and the kind of issues you would expect us to do that we've done so well in the U.S. and Europe. It is a business that should be a big profit contributor to us, and we are seeing some of that now, but we think there's more to come.
Operator: And our final question today comes from John Kernan, Cohen.
John D. Kernan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on pricing. How do you see that evolving as the sourcing environment improves a little bit into next year at least in terms of cotton? Do you see yourselves keeping pricing on -- the pricing actions you've taken thus far. Do you see some maybe pulling back on some of that?
Roger N. Farah: Well, John, the good news is the pricing of cotton is coming back down. So whatever were the reasons it's spiked, they're now receding, and so we are looking at reduce cotton prices for next fall. Best to keep in mind there are offsets to that in that cashmere and wool and synthetics actually are rising. So while cotton is the dominant part of our raw materials and that returning to more normalized levels is really a big deal, there are some other commodities coming the other way. Having said that, by the time we get around to pricing next fall's products and we look at all the factors that go into that, including make and manufacturing cost, transportation costs, we'll have to develop a point of view about overall cost, not just the impact to the cotton. If, in fact, as we get through the rest of this fall and holiday selling into spring, if the prices we have today are well received, I don't envision us going back.  So I thank you, all, for listening. I apologize for my somewhat scratchy voice. It's been extraordinary 6 months, and we're all mindful of the world we're trading in. But I think we have had reasons to be pleased with how we performed during the first 6 months, and we're kind of excited about seeing what happens for Christmas. So thank you, all, and you can follow-up with Jim and Tracey later.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We would like to thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-08-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn Nemerov - Executive Vice President of Wholesale Brands, Licensed Products, Sourcing, Merchandising, Home and Asia Pacific and Director
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc Faye Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc. Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank David Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir.
James Hurley: Thanks, Kelly. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Conference Call. The agenda for today's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some product commentary; and Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the first quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2012. After that, we'll open the call up for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guaranteed, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We're reporting excellent first quarter results today with consolidated sales rising 32%, operating income increasing 62% and earnings per diluted share up 57%. Our performance reflects strong global momentum across merchandise categories, channels and regions and comes on top of equally strong results in the comparable prior-year period. We are expanding our market share on multiple dimensions as our wholesale, retail stores and e-commerce operations are all achieving strong rates of growth. We believe the broad-based nature of our sales growth is a direct function of the clarity of Ralph's luxury lifestyle vision that runs through all that we do, from design to world-class marketing to our spectacular in-store presentations. We are leveraging this clarity of vision and purpose with an expanding range of merchandise and store environments around the world. Our results also demonstrate the relevance of our strategies as we consistently innovate new products, we're expanding our international presence and we continue to extend our direct-to-consumer reach, which is all supported by our ongoing infrastructure investments and the focused development of our worldwide talent. These strategies have enabled us to deliver consistent double-digit sales and earnings growth over the last 1-, 5- or 10-year periods. The extraordinary profits flow-through we achieved on the quarter's better-than-expected sales highlights the power of our operating model, one that leverages the incredible strength and appeal of the Ralph Lauren brand, while respecting the uniqueness of each customer we touch in a particular channel or region of the world. The sustained double-digit growth of our domestic operations across all channels is noteworthy, especially when we consider the scale of our business in the United States. The team continues to raise the bar and maximize the opportunities with our largest merchandise categories, while driving excellent productivity gains and incremental distribution of exciting new products. As we continue to make significant progress with our international development efforts, international revenues rose 60% during the quarter, accounting for 36% of our consolidated sales, a 600-basis-point gain from the prior year period. Our business is growing along many dimensions in Europe, including new wholesale and retail distribution, the expansion of existing and highly productive locations and the contribution of new merchandise categories such as Lauren and accessories. We're also growing our presence in Eastern Europe and the Middle East through partnerships with strong, locally based experts. There's a lot of excitement planned for the remainder of the year in Europe. We intend to launch e-commerce in France and Germany in the next 3 months, and Club Monaco and Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply will be introduced into leading department stores this fall. And we're also opening our first European Rugby store in London's Covent Gardens in a few weeks. In Asia, we are exceeding our sales and profit plans in all major regions. Every day, we're learning more about this dynamic emerging region, and we are steadily improving our operational capabilities. We've made the most impactful progress in Japan, which we've directly operated for 4 years. In that time, our sales trends have consistently outperformed the overall market. Our profitability has also improved substantially as we integrated Japan into our global sourcing and distribution organizations. We've invested in system upgrades, and we've leveraged our best practices with respect to planning and merchandising. Our recent transition of the South Korean operations was executed seamlessly, and the team has already begun relocating and renovating shops as part of our long-term market development strategy. We also commenced our multiyear brand repositioning efforts in Greater China, closing a handful of shops while simultaneously opening more appropriate points of distribution that support our luxury merchandise strategies and that can accommodate our growing accessory assortments. We are very pleased with the customer response to our elevated merchandising assortments throughout Asia. The ready acceptance of Ralph Lauren handbags and watches, when they are appropriately merchandised in dedicated space, is very encouraging, especially since these categories are expected to be an important driver of our growth aspirations in the region. In the near term, our locally based management teams remain focused on brand elevation efforts, expanding distribution for new and existing merchandise categories and identifying ways to leverage the shared services throughout the Asia-Pacific region as the scale of our operations there expand. Our global direct-to-customer efforts are accelerating as evidenced by our impressive sales growth and substantial profit improvement of our retail segment. Exceptional merchandise and customer services drove stronger conversion rates and higher full-price sell-throughs in the quarter. Sales trends were strongest at stores located in the world's major cities and destinations, which typically service both local and tourist customers. These stores tend to have the most compelling and complete representation of the World of Ralph Lauren, and it's increasingly clear that customers want access to our full range of products and lifestyle sensibilities, especially accessories. The strength of our first-quarter operating results is effectively an extension of the strategies that have supported our momentum over the last 12 to 24 months. But as you are all aware, the retail landscaping is changing greatly as higher prices emerge with the full floor sets. We will not to know the full impact of our pricing actions until mid to late September. By then, the customer has probably had enough time to digest the new pricing paradigm, and we should have some sense of how recent macroeconomic uncertainties have affected the global consumer sentiment and consumption trends. Over the last several weeks, it's become increasingly clear that the global macroeconomic environment is very fragile and that we are operating in the context of tremendous uncertainty and volatility. Austerity measures in the U.S. and Europe are a necessity, but the complexity and magnitude of these measures is unknown. Since the U.S. and Europe are important regions for us, we're very focused on monitoring how the customer reacts to these macrodynamics. We have set the bar high with respect to our sales plans for the year, but we are confident in the rigor of our planning process and our ability to proactively navigate through emerging challenges. The sophistication of our sourcing, supply chain and logistics operations enable us to better read and react to changes in market dynamics than ever before. We're also confident in the strength of our merchandise assortments, and we believe our unwaving commitment to the integrity of our products and our value propositions will remain a competitive advantage for us. The diversity and resilience of our operating model across channels, regions has typically served us well in turbulent times, which is why we remain committed to investing in our growth initiative and infrastructure, particularly for the Asia-Pacific development and international e-commerce. This is consistent with the strategies that we have supported over sustained periods of time, including the last downturn when we're able to grow earnings despite the ongoing investment in our growth initiatives. By staying the course, we believe these investments will yield incremental returns for our shareholders over the long term. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki for some merchandise highlights.
Jackwyn Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. There's no question that the tremendous momentum we are experiencing across all channels worldwide is a function of best-in-class products and compelling merchandising strategies. Ralph's commitment to product innovation have enabled us to continually satisfy our customers and gain meaningful global market share. We have leveraged the sustained success of our most iconic products to gain traction with exciting and fast-moving new merchandise categories such as dresses, footwear and accessories. This morning, I'd like to take you through some key highlights of our home, childrenswear, denim and accessory initiatives. Today, we are delivering the World of Ralph Lauren in a more consistent, more comprehensive and more impactful way than ever before, taking the vision from design to production to merchandise, planning and ultimately to the in-store presentation. This consistently applied approach has supported the extraordinary growth we are experiencing across all product categories on a global scale. The clarity of our merchandising initiatives, which focus on targeted assortments that offer outstanding value and unique channels of distribution has allowed us to achieve growth across all channels worldwide from our own stores to leading department stores, specialty stores and of course, the rapidly expanding online space. The strong customer appetite for our products is a testament to the vitality and desirability of the Ralph Lauren brand. In fact, the remarkable performance of our men's product, the foundation and origin of our entire company, is perhaps the best example of the brand's appeal around the world. The expansion of our assortments across Purple Label, Black Label, Polo, Golf, RRL and RLX not only give the loyal customer something fresh, but also attract a new customer into the World of Ralph Lauren menswear. Last quarter, I highlighted some strategic changes and how we're managing our home category. I'm pleased to report that with more direct control over our bed and bath merchandise, which is our largest classification in terms of sales, we are already experiencing improved operating efficiencies, customer satisfaction and sell-through rates. We look forward to expanding our distribution and strengthening our productivity across all home product categories worldwide over the next several years. Since acquiring our childrenswear license in 2005, we've developed a meaningful global presence that includes a wholesale distribution and stand-alone stores. We recently opened a childrenswear store in Ocean Terminal in Hong Kong, which joins our other stores throughout the U.S., Europe and Middle East. We are excited about the global growth prospects for childrenswear, particularly as we continue to apply merchandising strategies and operating disciplines that have worked so well for us in other categories. This fall, we're introducing a new active dimension to our boys' apparel that take its inspiration from the sporty heritage of Polo and the contemporary aesthetic of RLX. With our leadership and the more polished aspect of boys' dressing, this active line really nicely rounds out our total offering. Denim & Supply, our new denim-based lifestyle collection for men and women, is launching now. Merchandise is being set in leading department stores worldwide and will be available on RalphLauren.com on August 11. Denim & Supply was developed to speak to a 20-something customer in a fresh and distinctive way that is still grounded in the heritage and authenticity of Ralph Lauren. Based on the demographic, we will have a strong online presence to drive awareness and interest in the brand. Wholesale customers around the world have responded favorably to the merchandise. Orders for the fall season were strong, confirming the ease in which we expect to replace and significantly upgrade the former Polo Jeans Co. brand throughout Europe and Asia. The product and in-store environments are spectacular and the quality, authenticity and distinctiveness of the brand really shine. There is truly no other denim line quite like this, and we believe customers will respond very favorably. Consistent with our overall corporate focus, accessories are an integral part of the overall assortment. Denim & Supply is the latest component of our tiered denim strategy that includes our women's collection denim business, Black Label denim for men's and as well as denim in the existing RRL, Polo and Lauren lines. The progress we are making with accessories each season is very exciting. As the Ralph Lauren luxury handbag and footwear assortments expand, global customers' interest and appetite have been strong. We are experiencing the same success in the wholesale channel with our Polo and Lauren accessory brands, and we intend to meaningfully expand global distribution of these products over the next few years. Our increasingly diverse global sales base and product mix, our ability to continually gain share in our largest markets and product categories, our success of expanding into new merchandise categories and of course, the unrivaled power and prestige of the Ralph Lauren brand are enabling us to build strong new platforms for future growth.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tracey.
Tracey Travis: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As Roger highlighted earlier, we reported excellent first quarter operating results. Consolidated net revenues were $1.5 billion, 32% greater than the prior-year period and better than the mid-20s sales growth expectations we outlined for you in May. The increase in net revenues reflects double-digit gains in our wholesale and retail segments, both exceeding our original expectations for the quarter. Sales of our core apparel merchandise categories, particularly our men's product across all channels of distribution, our strong e-commerce growth and performance at our factory stores worldwide surpassed even our robust initial expectations. Sales in Japan also stabilized more quickly than we anticipated, following the earthquake and tsunami events in March. And of the 32% net revenue growth, favorable currency translation did impact our total reported revenue growth by approximately 4 percentage points. Our gross profit margin of 63%, which was 120 basis points greater than the prior-year period was driven entirely by our retail segment and reflects strong full-price sell-throughs and a higher penetration of international store and concession sales. These benefits more than offset the negative impact of cost-of-goods inflation across all wholesale and retail formats. The improvement in the first quarter gross profit margin was another contributor to our outperformance relative to the expectations we communicated in May. As Jacki mentioned, the strength of our merchandise assortments across apparel and accessories, combined with our in-store presentations, continue to support highly profitable sell-throughs across all channels of our business. Operating expenses of $679 million were 26% greater than the prior-year period. The increase in operating expenses were driven by overall growth in our core operations, an increase in our retail channel mix, incremental costs associated with the newly transitioned South Korea and home operations and continued investment in our other strategic growth initiatives, including international e-commerce, new store openings and infrastructure support. Currency translation also impacted expense growth by approximately 4%. We were able to achieve 210 basis points of operating expense leverage during the quarter, primarily as a result of better-than-expected sales growth, and this was another important contributor to our outperformance relative to our first-quarter expectation. As a result of our strong sales growth, our operating income of $282 million was 62% greater than the prior-year period. We achieved a record operating margin of 18.5%, which was 340 basis points above the prior-year period. Net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2012 increased 52% to $184 million, and net income per diluted share rose 57% to $1.90. The higher effective tax rate of 33% this year, compared to 29% in the prior-year period, primarily reflects the favorable resolution of discrete tax items last year and is consistent with our guidance to you in the fourth quarter. Regarding our segment highlights for the quarter. Our wholesale segment reported sales increase of 29% to $673 million and constant-dollar sales increased 25%. As I mentioned earlier, shipments of our core apparel and accessories merchandise sold through at exceptionally strong rates, which allowed for increased replenishment across several categories. In Europe, strength in sales in the U.K., Germany and France across virtually all brands offset the continued softness we have experienced in sales in Italy. Wholesale operating margin and operating income in the first quarter rose 14% to $151 million, and the Wholesale operating margin expanded 190 basis points to 22.5%. The substantial improvement in wholesale operating income and margin rate was entirely a result of higher global shipment volumes and expense leverage on the better-than-expected shipment growth, which more than offset the impact of cost-of-goods inflation. For our retail group, first quarter sales rose 37% to $814 million and were up 33% in constant dollars, reflecting strong comparable store sales growth across all retail concepts, the contribution from newly opened stores and incremental sales from our newly assumed South Korean operations. Retail sales also benefited from a late Easter this year, which we estimate contributed approximately 2% to total segment growth for the quarter. Overall, comp store sales increased 19%, reflecting 14% growth at Ralph Lauren stores, 20% increase at factory stores and 16% growth at Club Monaco stores. RalphLauren.com sales continued to expand at a double-digit rate, increasing 28% in the first quarter. Our comp gains were achieved through a mixture of transaction growth and average dollar sales growth, with the latter mostly due to higher full-priced sales in our stores. Urban markets and key tourist destinations, particularly in the U.S., continue to outperform average traffic trends, and concession shops sales across Asia were exceptionally strong in the quarter. We opened 7 directly operated freestanding stores, closed 6 stores and assumed control of 3 formerly licensed locations during the quarter, ending the period with 371 company-operated stores. We also operated 535 concession shop locations globally at the end of the first quarter. Retail segment operating income grew 67% to $173 million in the first quarter, and the retail operating margin increased 380 basis points to 21.3%. This substantial improvement in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate comes as a result of strong comparable store sales growth as I mentioned earlier and higher full-price sell-throughs, which drove broad-based profit improvement across most retail concepts, particularly in the U.S. and in Asia. Retail operating income also benefited from the inclusion of the South Korean acquisition this year. The improved retail segment profitability was partially offset by cost-of-goods inflation. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $40 million, 6% greater than the first quarter of fiscal 2011 and primarily due to increased fragrance royalties that were partially offset by lower international licensing royalties related to the transition of formerly licensed South Korean operations. Operating income for our licensing segment rose 6% to $25 million as a result. Our financial condition remains strong as we ended the quarter with approximately $981 million in cash and investments and $677 million in net cash, and that was after investing over $300 million in share repurchase activity within the quarter. Consolidated inventory was up 42% at the end of the first quarter on a reported basis. In-transit inventory was an important driver of the overall increase as we have taken ownership of certain key items of our merchandise earlier than normal. We made this decision in an effort to minimize any potential supply chain disruption that could have been a potential risk when we were placing our fall orders last year when both factory and transportation capacity was extraordinarily tight and cotton prices were at peak levels. Approximately half of the increase in dollars is to support the anticipated sales growth and shipment cadence of comparable product categories, geographies and channels. Approximately 30% of the increase is attributable to cost-of-goods inflation and foreign currency impacts and the remaining 20% of the increase is related to new merchandise categories or new business operations such as South Korea, home textile, Denim & Supply in the U.S. and international e-commerce. And with the assumption of realizing our current sales projections, we remain comfortable with the content and currency of our inventory. We expect inventory growth to become progressively more aligned with sales trends throughout fiscal 2012 as we cycle through changes and year-over-year shipment cadence. We spent approximately $39 million on CapEx during the first quarter to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. We also repurchased 2.5 million shares of stock, utilizing $302 million of our current authorization. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $670 million remaining under our authorized share repurchase programs. We informed you back in May that our first-quarter results were expected to be a continuation of the strong performance we experienced in the second half of fiscal 2011 prior to the full impact of fall price increases. And our first quarter results are truly exceptional by any measure, and they were achieved on top of very strong operating performance in the prior-year period, as Roger mentioned. While we have begun this new fiscal year with broad-based momentum across all regions in our business, we have incurred, as we anticipated, 4 substantial cost-of-goods inflation with fall shipments in the second quarter and have made thoughtful and selective pricing adjustments by brand and by region to help mitigate some of the intensifying inflationary pressures. This is expected to have a negative impact on our balance-of-year fiscal 2012 gross margin, particularly as we make large fall shipments at wholesale in the second quarter. And although the price of cotton and other commodities have recently retreated from peak levels, initial cost projections for our spring 2012 merchandise are aligned with the expectations embedded in our initial fiscal 2012 outlook, which we provided you on the last call. As Roger highlighted earlier, it is unclear how the recent and extraordinary volatility in the global equity and credit markets might affect global consumer sentiment and demand. At this point, we intend to continue executing against our original strategic objectives and sales plans for fiscal 2012. We are closely monitoring trends across all channels and regions in order to proactively address any material changes that could affect our plans and outlook for the year, which I'd like to review with you now. For the second quarter, we currently expect consolidated net revenues to increase at a high-teens to a low-20s percent. Our expectations are based on a mid-teens increase in global wholesale sales and a mid-20% increase in retail segment sales, and as a reminder, the acquisition of the South Korea license is noncomp for us until the fourth quarter this year and is driving approximately 3% of the overall year-over-year sales growth I just mentioned. Our operating margin for the second quarter is expected to be approximately 300 basis points below that achieved in the comparable year period. This decline is a relatively equal mix of gross margin pressure from cost-of-goods inflation and higher operating expenses. The anticipated deleverage in our operating expenses is primarily related to the timing of cost related to additional channel distribution expansion, including preopening costs for a portion of the 34 new stores and 47 shops we intend to open worldwide during fiscal 2012, e-commerce investments for Ralph Lauren sites in France and Germany and for Club Monaco in North America and the incremental expense of our South Korean operations. So based on our strong first quarter performance, we have raised our full-year fiscal 2012 sales and profit outlook. And for the full-year fiscal 2012 period, we now expect revenues to increase at a mid- to high-teens rate, which compares to our prior expectation of mid-teens growth. Our full-year operating margin outlook is now estimated to be down 50 to 100 basis points from the prior-year period, which is an improvement relative to our initial expectation of a 100- to 150-basis-point decline. In addition to the investments we are making throughout Asia and in international e-commerce, we currently still intend to support our growth expectations with incremental advertising and marketing, which we believe is critical to generate more awareness for new and emerging categories and to raise our profile in international markets. We have revised our expectations of the restructuring charges associated with our Greater China repositioning efforts to $8 million to $12 million for the full year, and those costs are not included in the operating margin outlook I just provided you. The exceptional profit flow-through on our better-than-expected first quarter sales reflects both the innovation and executional discipline of our organization, particularly as we continue to invest in strategic growth initiatives. And while the challenge of the near-term economic uncertainty is real, we will continue to balance this reality with the investments that we believe are appropriate to continue to drive long-term shareholder value creation. We have a clear, compelling growth strategy ahead of us, and our company has a long-standing track record of success in executing against our strategies. At this point, we would like to open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist us with that?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Omar Saad with ISI Group.  [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kate McShane with Citi Investment Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: I was wondering if you could give us any more detail behind what type of price increases we'll be seeing for the brand in the upcoming fall season? And if there's been a different strategy implemented internationally versus domestic?
Roger Farah: Yes, Kate, the point of view we took when the dialogue began to heat up over cost of goods was really based on a couple foundational principles. One, we would not alter the quality, make, materials or findings of any of our products, and we chose very specifically to make sure our customers maintain the quality they've come to expect. Having made that decision, the price increases are different by merchandise categories, and different merchandise categories play out also geographically differently. So what we really tried to do was take the product categories and the regions and come up with an overall point of view about what to pass on and what not. I think embedded in the second-quarter guidance reflects some margin pressure because the cost of goods in general are higher than all the prices we passed on. But not unlike the first quarter, our strategy of quality first and merchandising of pricing, we think drives sell-throughs and market share opportunities, again, that the first quarter exemplified the kind of flow-through we can get. So by market, by merchandise categories, some sensitivity, the channel, the distribution, mid-tier versus luxury were baked into the matrix of pricing that second and third quarter reflects. I think, as Tracey talked about, while we are seeing raw materials come down for next spring, there's a lot of merchandising of old higher-priced yarns and materials with new pricing that will play out through spring. So if raw materials stay down by summer and next fall, I think we'll begin to see overall cost of goods come down. By then, we'll know how the customers react to the price increases and where we go from there.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: Great execution this quarter, congratulations. Roger, with international up 60% and now 36% of the mix and the retail business, you're executing really well in that front, too, especially on a global basis. Help me kind of understand, marry those 2 pieces and the role that retail's going to play internationally and especially if we think about flagships versus other kind of owned retail, whether it's concession or smaller footprint stores, how we think the brand could look at the consumer level, at the retail level and globally a few years down the road.
Roger Farah: Well, it's a very important question. Let me try to answer it this way. Our model is an integrated model, and whether it's Europe, United States or now Asia, we've gotten much better at trying to think through channels of distribution and appropriateness of how we speak to the customer, whether it's brick-and-mortar retail, freestanding stores or concession or whether it's online and e-commerce. We try to marry that by market against the wholesale points of distribution that we feel are appropriate. Clearly, in this quarter, with the addition of important business in Asia, retail was larger than wholesale, which is kind of new for us. I think we'll see a similar phenomena in our third quarter, and then second and fourth quarters for us, are larger wholesale quarters, retail being a bit smaller. But the success that you're seeing in the numbers and you see in the stores is really a result of many, many years for those who have followed the story of investing in talent, in products, in presentation and very innovative marketing. The car show we have going on in Paris has been extraordinarily successful and has helped build the brand awareness in that market where we have important retail and we have also important wholesale. So the entire model is a mosaic of integrated pieces, clearly, direct to consumer, brick and mortar or online is a growing part of our business and will be the dominant part of our Asia business. There's no doubt that each country has a different distribution model, but in Asia, the bulk of the business will come through flagships, dedicated freestanding stores either by men or women or accessories. We've opened recently a kid's store that's been extraordinarily successful. So the opportunities in Asia are almost unlimited and most of that will be approached through our ability to execute at retail. Today, our retail profitability in the merchandise categories that we're in I think stands second to no one. And as we grow the accessory business and that becomes an increased part of our direct to consumer, I think it's only going to get better. Where we've given accessory space to our own stores, whether it's Madison Avenue or Belle Harbor or our recent store we opened in Hong Kong in the Peninsula, the reaction to accessories, whether it's handbags or watches or belts or scarves, has been truly satisfying. So we really think we're on the right trend and the combination of accessory growth, Asia growth and the success in U.S. and Europe, I think, will continue to push the retail to higher heights.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Roger, just following on that, pushing retails to higher heights, the guidance for the second quarter, it looks as if we're looking for that reversal in operating margins, down 300 basis points on the heels of a spectacular quarter and just help us think, we can appreciate the shift, the mix shift, as wholesale's the bigger part of the quarter. But given the incredibly strong momentum in retail, kind of walk us through how, perhaps, we could be overly conservative in the second quarter.
Roger Farah: Well, first of all, as I realize, higher heights is probably not good English but you got the gist of it in retail. Our second quarter, I think, I was saying to Omar, the penetration of wholesale to retail begins to flip. So with that, we get a different kind of margin mix and the impact of cost of goods hits the markup. What worked so extraordinarily well in the first quarter was the full-price sell-throughs, and that was true at wholesale or retail or online. And that really drove the extraordinary margin performance that allowed us to ride over the cost-of-good increases. If that were to repeat itself in the second quarter, and at the moment, our forecasts do not include a 19% comp store retail increase. But if that were to occur, my guess is that the guidance would look conservative in hindsight. But I think at this point, sitting here in the early part of August, we really haven't gotten enough of a read on fall products, and we haven't got enough of a read on the new pricing to make that kind of prediction. So more to follow as the customer begins to react to products. What we have delivered for fall, whether it's in Ralph Lauren brands or Club Monaco, that does seem to be resonating with the customer is really wear-now fabrics, silhouettes, in fall colors. So we are getting a good read on those new deliveries, and that's a good sign for what second quarter may bring us. But at this point, it's really based more on the mix than anything else.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank: Two quick questions. I'm still having trouble. Just one modeling question first. If you could help me understand, I'm still trying to figure out why gross margins go down from here sequentially. I understand the mix shift and second quarter being a big wholesale selling quarter, and then you'll see cost inflation in that part of the business. But it sounds like pricing is about to take hold and the current trends you're seeing, your gross margins are up, while most of your peers are seeing them down. I'm having a hard time trying figuring out how to model that lower from here. And then secondly on denim, that's been a category where I think the company has had mixed success in the past. It's a huge category in the U.S. and one that I'm surprised that we aren't sitting here today seeing you guys have a bigger share. Is there something structurally that gives you more confidence as you refocus on it now versus how you've approached in the past? And what do you think has maybe caused the results to fall short of your expectations in the past to help us think about it as you reenter that category?
Roger Farah: Okay, Michael, those are 2 questions. So let me start with the first. Interestingly enough, historically, first quarter is our highest gross margin quarter of the year, and that's not only driven by the growing retail penetration. But it's really about the product mix because April, May, June period for us is heavily a key item classification, high margin, strong sell-through time of year. And those products tend to come with higher margins. So even though we're up to a record-setting level this first quarter, we've historically run higher margins in the first quarter than the rest of the year. The second, third or fourth quarters tend to be more similar as we work our way through the year, particularly second and fourth quarter tend to be more collection deliveries. And then first and third quarter tend to be more key item and classification. So there's a lot of product mix within the channels and within the segments that do alter meaningfully the gross margin by quarter. The denim question, we agree with you. We think it's an extraordinary opportunity. We think no one has a seat at the table larger than Ralph Lauren. And I think we're now very comfortable with the pyramid of denim that we're representing to the customer. So at the high-end RRL, where we've just opened a new store downtown, if you haven't seen it, but we're very pleased with how that's performing, whether it's in the 72nd Street store or whether it's in our freestanding stores, we are really looking for that business to not only halo but grow into a business of size and scale as it's already the hottest item we have in Japan, and we'll later this fall open a store in London. From there, we actually have this fall Black Label denim coming, which we think is an important extension of the Black Label customers and sensibility. You'll see that in our stores later this year, and we think that speaks to a very specific audience. And then as Jacki talked about, the relaunch of a broader-based denim, which will not only replace here in the United States the Polo Jeans business, but in Europe and in Asia, we think profiles us against that business beautifully. So that, for us, is the beginning of a worldwide opportunity in men's and women's and then of course there's a trickle down into kid's. So we don't disagree the denim business is an enormous opportunity, and there are no structural or brand barriers to have that succeed.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Roger, I think what's on everyone's mind is, obviously, the market volatility and how the luxury consumer is going to react. Obviously, you gave a very strong top-line outlook. I'm just curious, if you've seen any change in behavior on the part of consumers or your customers in the U.S. and Europe, which are the regions where, obviously, there's more concern. And then secondly, just wondered at what point on the retail side, I know this whole category presentation or classification, presentation of accessories was a big philosophical discussion at Ralph Lauren and you've made, obviously, a very smart decision to go after that business. When are we going to see that in more of your retail stores?
Roger Farah: Okay, well, David, the issue that you articulated about volatility is clearly on all of our minds. I'm not sure at this point we can do anything about it other than watch it play out. We have not seen yet any impact on our customers, both here in the United States or Europe, but as Tracey said, we're watching it carefully. A lot of the issues that seem to be behind the volatility are not new issues. So the uncertainty over debt in Europe, some of the issues here in the United States are not ones that have just come up in the last week. So what is creating the volatility? Where the consumer begins to be impacted by it? We really don't know. So we are, until proven otherwise, pressing ahead with our plans, and we feel good about the trends. First quarter was clearly a big downpayment on the year, the business in Asia, while it's infant state is still very strong. And we're seeing good strong global tourism. So at this point, we're watching carefully, but our forecasts reflect our best thinking. The retail accessory question that you mentioned, I think if you go to the 72nd Street store, where we've devoted the entire main floor to our accessory businesses, if you went to Paris, if you went to The Peninsula in Hong Kong or any of the new stores, you can see the distortion we've given accessories and our thoughts are now to circle back on many of our key flagships and look at how to make those stores similarly reflect our commitment and belief. Having gotten back the footwear business and then the accessory business, more leather good, belts over the years, I think we've built extraordinarily talented teams of people. We have developed the sourcing capabilities, and I think you're now beginning to see that reflected in the products that the customers are seeing, and where we've given a proper representation, they're voting yes. So that's an exciting opportunity for us as we push forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: Just a couple of questions on the inventories. Wondering if you could maybe discuss it in a different way than you've presented it during the prepared remarks. Can you talk about the inventory levels either by region or sort of wholesale inventories versus your retail inventories? And can you talk a little bit about the transparency that you have at the wholesale -- I mean, at the retail level for your customers both in Asia and in Europe?
Roger Farah: The transparency of the customer?
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: No. Just in like where the levels are at retail.
Roger Farah: Yes. Well, we have detailed inventory by brand, by region, by channel, by season, down to the item and SKU level. So we've got total visibility to all of our inventory worldwide. As a matter of fact, I think in somewhat of a pioneering investment, we also have visibility into raw materials, where it is in the manufacturing cycle, where it is in the transportation cycle. And so any part of that, that you want to review, you can. One of the things we chose to do when there was concern about factory capacity and transportation capacity was to pull forward inventory in order to minimize disruption. That also allowed us to be most efficient in our transportation and distribution costs. But one of the things we were able to do with that pull forward, which we used our balance sheets to carry heavier inventories coming out of June, is ensure timely deliveries, which are driving sales. And I think the cost of goods is somewhat impacted positively by a more thoughtful transportation and logistics, which did save us some on the margin component. So we do have it by region, channel, brand and we're managing that carefully. I think as Tracey said, by the end of the second quarter, I think you'll see some of this in-transit and some of this pull forward on the fall level back out. So we're very comfortable with where we are given our sales forecast at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. One on Europe. In terms of Italy, you noted that, that had remained weak as in prior periods. And any updated thoughts there on trends and what you're forecasting into the second half? Are you forecasting further deterioration for Southern Europe or consistent performance? And then just on Asia, as you get further into your plans to roll out and expand in mainland China, are you coming across any opportunities to adjust your pricing either up or down? And how would that compare to your pricing in the European markets?
Roger Farah: Okay, Jeff, well, Italy remains challenged. It is a market that the distribution is almost exclusively through small multibrand specialty doors. Those local merchants are really feeling the squeeze of the difficult economic environment. It's not a market that has a meaningful department store exposure. Rinascente in Milan is probably the one exception. So you're really distributing through either mono-brand stores or through a specialty distribution, and I think they're not only feeling it, they're struggling with their own cash flows. So at least for the moment, we're looking at a fall that's probably more the same. And while it's an important country to us, I think you can see in the overall international results and particularly the European results, the strong countries, i.e. France and Germany, the U.K., the Scandinavian markets are all so extraordinarily strong that we're managing the softness in Southern Europe, whether it's Italy or to some degree, Spain. In Asia, we're really in our infancy, and our ability to work with the existing networks that we took back from our licensees, reposition those and move forward. As we're elevating product and content, we're also looking at pricing. So we're trying to take a more global point of view on the appropriateness of price differentiation whether it's Japan or China or South Korea. The Asian customer is very savvy and cross shops whether they cross shop within Asia Pac, or whether they travel to Europe. So I think the subject of global pricing, excluding for a moment the duties, is going to be one in the future. In general, we were priced through our licensed distribution too low. So we think we have found opportunities by merchandise categories to get better alignment with the market conditions.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Faye Landes with Consumer Edge Research.
Faye Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a question on CapEx. Can you just -- you had guided to higher CapEx this quarter, this year, and the CapEx in the quarter was approximately in line with last year. So is that a timing issue or something else going on?
Tracey Travis: No, it is a timing issue. We expect that we are going to expect the full year's CapEx, Faye, of $320 million that we had communicated to you on the fourth quarter call. So it's just the timing between quarters.
Faye Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And the buyback, what should we read into that?
Tracey Travis: Well, we have a quite a bit of authorization for share repurchases, as we always do. We time those opportunistically. And we have $670 million left. So I think you can expect that we will continue share repurchase activity over the next few quarters.
Roger Farah: Okay. Thank you, everybody, for listening, and extraordinary hard work on the part of 24,000 employees around the world. We're really looking forward to the fall season and a strong holiday. So we'll be back to you in November.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-05-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jackwyn Nemerov - Executive Vice President of Wholesale Brands, Licensed Products, Sourcing, Merchandising, Home and Asia Pacific and Director
Analysts: Marie Driscoll - S&P Equity Research Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc Faye Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies Robert Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch David Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren's Third (sic) [Fourth] Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2011 Conference Call. The agenda for the call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview for the year and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some product commentary; and Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the fourth quarter in addition to reviewing our initial expectations for fiscal 2012. After that, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller.  During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings.  And now I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to be reporting fourth quarter and fiscal '11 results that were much better than the expectations we articulated to you during the last year. We responded to a rapidly changing environment by pursuing additional market share opportunities and working to protect margins in the face of unprecedented inflationary pressures for our industry. At the same time, we made excellent progress on each of our strategic growth objectives and delivered the best operating results in our history, continuing the 5- and 10-year trends of double-digit sales and earnings growth and generating for the first time over $1 billion in EBITDA. Tracey will provide more complete commentary on our financial performance later on, but I did want to highlight some of our key achievements. The 14% increase in annual revenues was double our original outlook, fueled by the excellent momentum of our core apparel offerings, particularly in the U.S. and in Europe, where revenues rose at a double-digit rate. Diluted EPS growth of 22% was achieved after substantial reinvestment back in the businesses, including the startup of Southeast Asia and Greater China, the transition of South Korea and the development of international e-commerce. We also managed the initial onslaught of cost of goods inflation in the second half of the year and the negative impact of several calendar and holiday shifts, including a 53rd week last year that had more than a distorted impact on our fourth quarter results. And there were extraordinary items such as restructuring and store impairment charges and the disruption in Japan.  The quality and consistency of our results, reflecting the clarity of our strategic focus and our ability to execute with excellence as we now have more direct control of our operations and key merchandising categories around the world. The strong results enabled us to enhance shareholder returns by repurchasing nearly $600 million of stock and doubling our quarterly dividend during the year. I'd like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the incredible spirit and resilience of the Japanese people following the devastation caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami there. I'm pleased to report that all 1,500 of our Japanese employees were safe and accounted for within hours of the disasters, and we continue to support them in their time of great need with various fundraising efforts. The long process of rebuilding is just beginning and will obviously have an impact on our fiscal '12 outlook for the region, but we are happy to see the nation on a path to recovery. Moving back to the year. Our operating results were achieved in a manner that was totally consistent with the key strategic initiatives that we've been executing against for the last several years, namely the elevating of our brand as we expand our international presence, the innovation of new merchandising categories and extending our direct-to-customer reach. These objectives are supported by world-class advertising and marketing, the continued development of our leadership teams, investments and operational infrastructure and prudent financial management. Over the next 3 years, we intend to invest over $1 billion in total capital to continue advancing our strategic objectives. About half of that will be allocated to new stores, concession shops and additional e-commerce development, all with an emphasis on international markets. We made major strides in our international growth objectives during fiscal '11, assuming control of our distribution in South Korea during the fourth quarter and completing the last phase of our multi-year mission to bring our Asian operations in-house that began with Japan in 2007. The South Korea transition process, which includes the on-boarding of 200 employees, multiple systems integration was very smooth. After operating South Korea for 5 months now, we are encouraged by the early business trends, sales, gross profit margins, operating expenses, all of which have been favorable to plan. We look forward to executing our growth strategies in this vibrant luxury market over the next several years.  We also completed our first full year with additional control of our distribution in Southeast Asia and Greater China. We've learned a lot in the last year. First and foremost, we are pleased with the local customer acceptance of our luxury products, particularly our accessories. The new shops we've opened are performing well ahead of our expectations, primarily due to our more elevated merchandise mix, but also to more appropriate locations and adjacencies. Our experience in the last 12 months has provided us with excellent clarity on our future brand positioning and real estate strategies in this important market. As we consider the modest size of our existing distribution network and assess our long-term outlook for the Greater China region, we believe we have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reposition and upgrade our market presence. We intend to do this in a manner that is in sync with our existing global brand elevation strategies. The multi-year process will include more concentrated expansion of our elevated apparel and accessory products. Our real estate strategy will include flagship stores in key cities and more appropriate formats for additional points of distribution and secondary markets, similar to the hub-and-spoke approach we've used in New York and London. Over the next 12 months, we intend to exit approximately 65 points of distribution that do not support our global real estate and merchandising strategies in this market. We believe these accelerated actions will allow us to deliver a clearer brand message to this critical customer, one that is better aligned with our presence in the rest of the world. The Chinese are poised to become the world's largest consumers of luxury goods, and they are already driving a substantial portion of the industry growth outside of China as they travel around the world, which is why the consistency of our global presence is so important. As we've indicated before, the playbook is similar to what we've accomplished in Europe, where our local team has meticulously positioned our brand over the last decade by educating the customer about quality and the value of our products. Weve supported this with considerable investment in upgrading our distribution across the continent. Today, we have a well-balanced representation across a range of formats, including our own retail stores, e-commerce in the U.K., mono-brand licensing stores, as well as department stores and specialty stores. Europe continues to yield excellent sales and profit growth for us. We expect sustained double-digit sales growth in this region over the next 3 years. We believe we can achieve this ongoing growth with our core apparel merchandising that is accentuated by the introduction of new merchandise categories and brands, including Club Monaco into selected wholesale accounts this fall, the rollout of e-commerce to additional countries and new store growth. Our focus on brand elevation is perhaps most apparent with our direct-to-customer efforts. The investments we've made in our stores and in the growing of our e-commerce platform showcase our commitment to the global luxury customer. Our stores in the world's premier gateway cities typically have a mix of locals and tourists. Similar to our advertising and marketing efforts, they're important vehicles for us to reinforce the clarity and consistency of our brand expression. They also provide a halo for merchandise we sell across all distribution channels and set the stage for a long-term growth potential across lifestyle ranges and product categories. We will continue to grow our retail presence with a focus on the world's most dynamic markets. Of the approximately $500 million in capital we intend to invest over the next 3 years for new stores, concession shops and the continued development of global e-commerce, nearly 70% of this capital will be allocated to international markets. Shortly, Jacki will be commenting on the progress we've made with key merchandise categories and some exciting new launches for fiscal '12.  Our company's success obviously begins with the appeal of our product, and that is why we continuously invest in merchandise innovation. The integrity of Ralph's design process and our high production quality standards is an important part of our heritage, and our customers expect nothing less than the best from us.  As we began navigating unprecedented cost-of-goods inflation in the second half of fiscal '11, a bedrock principle for us was that we would not compromise the quality of our products or the continuity of our execution. We also determined not to make material pricing adjustments to our spring/summer merchandise. We believe these decisions have supported our strong spring sell-throughs and market share gains across channels. As cost pressures intensify into fiscal '12, we made a thoughtful pricing adjustment by brand and region to help mitigate inflationary pressures. In general, these adjustments do not fully offset our higher costs, and this is expected to have a negative impact on our fiscal '12 gross margin, particularly as we make large fall wholesale shipments in the second quarter. We are confident in the strength of our merchandising assortments, and we believe our unwavering commitment to the integrity of our product and the value proposition will be a competitive advantage for us, but we will not know the full impact of our actions until the customer reacts to the new pricing in the fall. Sitting here today, we enter fiscal '12 with excellent momentum in our business. We are accelerating growth where our market share is already strongest, and we're investing in emerging opportunities that we believe will offer the most compelling long-term shareholder value creation. It is a continuation of the strategy that has delivered consistent mid-teen sales growth and even better earnings growth over the last 5- and 10-year periods. We expect that momentum to be maintained as we assess our outlook over the next 3 years, when the investments we've made in fiscal '11 and the ones we plan to make in fiscal '12 bear fruit in fiscal '13 and beyond. We believe we'll generate over $3.5 billion of EBITDA over the next 3 years, which is a testament to the high-quality growth we are pursuing. In recognition of our strong cash flow, yesterday, our board increased our share repurchase authorization by another $500 million. And with over $1 billion in cash and investments already on our balance sheet, we are confident we have the financial strength to pursue all of our growth aspirations, and we are very excited about the future. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jacki.
Jackwyn Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2011 was an exciting year for us with respect to the expansion and development of our products. We gained market share in most merchandise categories around the world. The double-digit growth we experienced in the U.S., Europe and Asia clearly demonstrate that customers not only responded to the compelling design and quality of our products but also to our strategic merchandising initiatives, which enabled us to generate significant sales growth. Our core business is performing exceedingly well across men's, women's and children's. The consistent upgrading of our in-store shops and visual presentation has been an important backdrop to support the momentum in our various brands. Our ability to expand the bandwidth of each of our brands to address new lifestyle sensibilities has deepened our relevance with the customer who knows they can always count on Ralph Lauren for distinctive high-quality merchandise in all aspects of their life.  Emerging categories, such as accessories, dresses, activewear and footwear, offer excellent examples of our ability to extend our brand into new classification with tremendous success in a relatively short period of time. It has also allowed us to secure incremental distribution and floor space. We built a Lauren dress division from scratch just 3 years ago, hiring industry-leading talent to address an emerging category that was a natural extension for our core Lauren sportswear business. Today, we are already among, if not the, better leading dress resource in the department store channel, and we still have considerable growth before us, both in terms of expanded distribution and assortment. We just added evening and special occasion dresses, as well as special sizes to our dress assortment.  Footwear is a similar story, one that is equally compelling in both men's and women's. The breadth of our footwear assortment has expanded dramatically in the 4 years since we've acquired this business. In that time, we tripled the size of our wholesale shipment. Today, we are recognized as an important footwear resource with the ability to sell at both specialty retail and department store environments in a manner that supports our overall brand's objectives. We will continue to evolve the assortment into exciting new lifestyle sensibilities in fiscal 2012, including footwear that complements our Black Label and RLX brand. Up until now, our success in the category has been concentrated in the United States, where we continue to have door-growth opportunities. During fiscal '12, we intend to expand our Ralph Lauren footwear and add Polo and Lauren footwear into Europe, which is an exciting next step in the evolution of our overall accessory strategy. RalphLauren.com and the international markets are expected to play a key role in our long-term development of this category. Fiscal 2011 was a pivotal year for our handbag effort. While we've had Ralph Lauren luxury products for the last few years, led by our iconic Ricky Bag, fiscal '11 was the first year we really began to address the broader lifestyle opportunities. As a result, in luxury handbags, we now have compelling assortment of merchandise in the sweet spot that has historically been dominated by leading European brands. This spring, we had broad success in the handbag category and did extremely well with Ralph's iconic Western-inspired design, including the Navajo blanket bags and the leather lace totes. Although Ralph Lauren handbags are now primarily available in our own retail stores and on RalphLauren.com, as the assortment grows, we believe we have an important opportunity to develop worldwide distribution for this product in leading specialty and department stores that currently feature our apparel merchandise. Our first Lauren handbag collection was introduced last fall, and we have experienced excellent progress to date. Momentum has accelerated as customers became more aware of the product and as we've expanded our merchandise offering. We are very excited about the long-term global opportunity with Lauren handbags, which should evolve as we expand distribution over the next several years. With both the Ralph Lauren and Lauren brands, we are steadily building a stable of iconic designs to further develop what we believe will be a very strong accessories platform. With this much as we've accomplished in fiscal '11, we have several new merchandise opportunities in '12. The first is inspired by Ralph's long time love of denim, one of the most iconic staples of the American wardrobe. At the luxury level, we are launching Black Label denim for men, which will complement and extend our modern Black Label sensibility, and women's collection denim, which is a new luxury denim lifestyle offering that we feel is unique to the marketplace. At the premium level, we are launching Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply, an exciting new brand that captures the heritage of denim with an edgy, Bohemian attitude that is distinctly Ralph Lauren and perfect for the young customer. The launch of Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply offers incremental distribution for us in North America, where the merchandise will be sold through approximately 250 better department stores and on RalphLauren.com. Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply will replace the Polo Jeans Co. brand in Europe and Asia and will essentially maintain the existing distribution network for those products. The introduction of Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply is an important step in expanding our world of denim merchandising strategy.  Fiscal '12 will also showcase a renewed focus on our Ralph Lauren and Lauren Home product merchandise categories. Over the last year, we've selectively taken more direct control of certain product categories including textiles, which had been one of our largest licenses, while finding best-in-class partners for others. We opened a new distribution center in May for Lauren textiles to include bedding and bath products. Today, we have categories of furniture, bedding and bath, table cloth, tops, lighting, rugs, fabrics, wall coverings, gifts and accessories. All the key classifications in home are in place to deliver an impactful and integrated lifestyle presentation for our customer, which we believe will support new growth opportunities. For Home, in fiscal '12, we intend to enhance distribution by partnering with our wholesale customers to showcase the products and implement strategic merchandising initiatives that appropriately tell the story of our collections. We already have a handful of flagship locations for each of our Home products: 888 Madison Avenue in New York; our store in Greenwich, Connecticut, and London for Ralph Lauren Home; and Lord & Taylor in New York City for Lauren Home. We are also gaining traction with department stores and specialty stores in Europe. So clearly, a lot accomplished in fiscal '11 with more opportunity in the future, and with that, I'll turn the call over to Tracey.
Tracey Travis: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As Roger highlighted earlier, we reported excellent full year operating results, and the fourth quarter, which despite the impact of meaningful calendar shifts that we described to you on our third quarter earnings call, exceeded our expectations given the continued momentum in our business. Incremental sales and profit within our Retail segment were the primary drivers of the upside, with all regions of the world contributing to the outperformance, although the heaviest concentration was achieved in the United States.  Before I provide you with further insight into the fourth quarter's operational drivers, I do need to remind you of the nature of the calendar shifts we told you about in February that negatively affect comparisons with our prior-year periods, impacts that were reflected in the guidance we previously provided you for the fourth quarter. Roger mentioned them as well, and they do include an extra 53rd week that was in our results last year in the fourth quarter and a later Easter week this year that shifted that holiday sales growth into the first quarter of our fiscal 2012 versus the fourth quarter that we're reporting now. Lastly, we also mentioned the timing of the high-volume sales week post-Christmas that fell within our third quarter of fiscal 2011 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. On a normalized calendar basis, we estimate the shifts alone negatively affected our reported sales growth in the quarter by approximately 10 full percentage points. Unless otherwise noted, my discussion of our fourth quarter business performance is based on our reported GAAP financial results, which reflect a 13-week period for fiscal 2011 and a 14-week period for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. On a reported basis, consolidated net revenues were $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter, 7% above the prior-year period and led by a double-digit gain in Retail segment sales. Our Retail performance was better than we expected in several areas, including same-store sales, the contribution from new stores and our performance in Asia, excluding Japan. We did not incur any meaningful impact from foreign currency translations on our consolidated fourth quarter sales as the strengthening of the Japanese yen was mostly offset by a modest weakening of the euro relative to last year. The gross profit margin of 56.8% was essentially in line with our expectations. As we have communicated all year, we have incurred cost-of-goods inflation for this year's spring/summer season, and we determined that we would not make any material changes to our pricing until the upcoming fall season. Some of the inflationary cost-of-goods pressure we experienced in the fourth quarter was offset by a higher level of full-price selling at most of our retail concepts and the seasonal variations in our overall channel mix. Operating expenses of $693 million were 12% above the prior-year period, and the operating expense margin rose 240 basis points to 48.6% in the fourth quarter, reflecting incremental expenses associated with our newly transitioned South Korean operations, the continued investment in our growth initiatives and higher incentive compensation costs. Fourth quarter operating income of $117 million was 32% below the prior-year period, primarily due to the calendar shifts affecting the comparability with the prior-year period and the lower gross profit margin and higher expense rate I just discussed. Net income was $73 million, and net income per diluted share was $0.74 for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter at 34.4% was approximately 250 basis points higher than the prior-year period as a greater proportion of our earnings were generated in higher tax jurisdictions. Due to the timing of the natural disasters in Japan, which occurred in the latter part of our fiscal fourth quarter, the financial impact on our reported results was relatively modest at approximately $0.02 per diluted share. Moving on to segment highlights. Wholesale segment sales rose 2% to $752 million in the fourth quarter as strong growth in U.S. Wholesale shipments, continued growth in department stores in Europe, as well as expanded distribution in Greater China were mostly offset by a planned decline in Japanese Wholesale shipments and softness in some European specialty stores, most notably in Italy. Wholesale operating income was $136 million in the fourth quarter, and the operating profit margin was 18.2% compared to 24.9% in the prior-year period. The decline in margin rate is primarily attributable to the cost-of-goods inflation, lower Japanese Wholesale shipments and continued investment in new merchandise categories. The 14% increase in Retail segment sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 primarily reflects strong momentum at our factory stores worldwide and on RalphLauren.com, as well as the incremental contribution from newly transitioned South Korea operations. Overall, comparable store sales, which I'm referencing on a 13-week to 13-week basis, increased 7%, which was achieved on top of a 16% gain in the prior-year period and, of course, excludes the sales at the Asian stores and concession shops that we assumed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. These sales will be included in our comps beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2012 as they are fully anniversaried. The 3% decline in Ralph Lauren comps during the fourth quarter is entirely due to our Retail Japanese operation. Excluding Japan, Ralph Lauren comps were flat on top of a 17% increase in the prior-year period. Sales trends at our global flagship locations worldwide, many of which are not in our comp base, have been very strong, which is consistent with the rebound in sales of global luxury products. Factory store comps rose 8% in the fourth quarter, Club Monaco comps were up 10%, with excellent performance in trend-right women's fashions, and sales at RalphLauren.com increased 21%. Across all Retail formats, customers are responding to our compelling product content, as Jacki mentioned, and our focused merchandising strategies. Our strong third quarter sales provided us with a good start to full-price spring selling in the fourth quarter. In the United States, high-traffic urban locations and popular tourist destinations for both Ralph Lauren and factory stores continue to post the strongest sales trends for us. We also achieved better conversion rates on higher traffic levels this quarter. In Europe, unseasonably cold weather and civil unrest in the Middle East during the quarter negatively affected customer traffic across the continent, although trends improved meaningfully in the latter part of the period. Performance in our Greater China and South Korea concession shops was also better than anticipated during the quarter. Japan sales trended down approximately 30% in the weeks following the earthquake and tsunami compared to relatively flat performance in the quarter-to-date period prior to the disasters. Retail segment operating income of $26 million was 40% greater than the prior-year period, and the operating margin improved 80 basis points to 4.1%. Strong comp growth and higher full price sell-throughs more than offset the short-term dilutive impact of South Korea, investment in international e-commerce, cost inflation and extraordinary items such as the business disruption in Japan. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $44 million, 6% below the prior-year period. Higher fragrance licensing revenues were more than offset by a decline in international licensing revenues related to the South Korea transition. We also had Lauren Home product licensing revenues as a result of some of the strategic changes that Jacki spoke to earlier. The 19% decline in licensing operating income in the fourth quarter is attributable to the same international and home effects that impacted sales for licensing. Consolidated inventory was up 39% at the end of the fourth quarter on a reported basis. Approximately half of the increase in dollars is to support the anticipated sales growth and shipment cadence highlighted in our fiscal 2012 outlook. And 1/4 of the increase is related to newly transitioned Asian operations within fiscal 2011. As youll recall, we had unusually low inventory levels this time last year from the transition of the Southeast Asia and Greater China region, and our South Korean inventory is entirely incremental this year versus last year. The remaining 1/4 of the increase is attributable to cost-of-goods inflation and foreign currency dynamics. With a relatively flat inventory turn and near-term sales expectations in the first quarter, we remain comfortable with the content and currency of our inventory. We spent approximately $255 million in capital expenditures during the fiscal 2011 to support our retail store and wholesale shop development worldwide, in addition to continued infrastructure investments. We also repurchased approximately 6 million shares of stock for an aggregate of $578 million during the year, including 2 million shares for $247 million during the fourth quarter. And as Roger mentioned, yesterday, our board authorized an additional $500 million for share repurchase, bringing our total current authorizations to $972 million. We ended the year with $1.1 billion in cash and investments after funding all of our capital and acquisition cost needs and returning a substantial amount of capital to shareholders via our share repurchase activity, as well as a doubling of the dividend.  Fiscal 2011 was clearly a year of tremendous progress for advancing our strategic objectives, while still growing earnings at a double-digit rate. And we are encouraged by the current momentum of our underlying business trends, even though we are mindful and experiencing intensifying inflationary dynamics that are beginning to broadly affect consumers. While we are currently benefiting from strong demand for our products across most channels and formats worldwide, we are increasingly impacted by the inflationary pressure on cost of goods as evidenced by our fourth quarter gross margin dynamics. As most of you know, the cost of goods inflation we began to experience in the second half of fiscal 2011 intensifies in fiscal '12 with fall inventory receipts.  Beginning this fall, as Roger indicated, we made what we believe are responsible, selective pricing adjustments to mitigate a portion of the impact. In general, we've determined not to pass on the full impact of our higher cost of goods, and the magnitude of inflation is such that we do expect our gross profit margin and, therefore, our operating margin, to be down in fiscal 2012. We believe the customer, the consumer, will accept some higher prices due to the strength of our brand and the consistent quality of our merchandise. But after a decade of apparel deflation, the actual customer reaction remains unknown until the merchandise is available for sale in the stores.  We also remain committed to our strategy of investing in growth initiatives in infrastructure during fiscal 2012, including international retail expansion and e-commerce and continued systems enhancements. Sequencing these types of investments as we have in the past should help to drive profit growth in future years. Now I'd like to briefly review our initial expectations for the year that we outlined in this morning's press release. For the first quarter of fiscal 2012, we currently expect consolidated net revenues to increase in the mid-20s range, a rate of growth that is an acceleration of the momentum we experienced in the second half of fiscal 2011 and is positively impacted by the benefit of the later Easter sales I highlighted earlier. Wholesale revenues are expected to increase at a low 20% rate based on strong shipment growth in both the U.S. and Europe. Retail segment sales are expected to grow slightly faster than Wholesale revenues, a function of low double-digit comparable store sales growth and the contribution from new stores and concession shops, inclusive of our incremental South Korean concession shops and stores.  Our operating margin for the first quarter is expected to be approximately equivalent to the prior-year period, with a higher Retail mix offsetting the continued margin decline in Wholesale due to cost of goods. We will also incur higher operating expenses related to the continued investment in our growth initiatives across geographies, distribution channels and emerging product categories.  For the full fiscal 2012 period, we expect revenues to increase at a mid-teens rate with Retail segment sales again growing slightly faster than Wholesale revenues. Our full year operating margin is expected to decline 100 to 150 basis points, primarily due to the gross profit margin pressure I discussed earlier. We also continue to monitor our performance closely in Japan, post the unfortunate incidents of the earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis. As the entire nation is obviously preoccupied with its safety and relief efforts, we currently expect the initial disruption and subsequent irregular shopping patterns in Japan to negatively impact our fiscal results, which is also reflected in our sales and margin guidance.  We will also support our growth initiatives with advertising and marketing spending for our new product introductions to generate more awareness for emerging product categories such as denim and to support our international expansion efforts. We have excluded any potential extraordinary charges that may result from our Greater China repositioning efforts. These charges could range from $10 million the $20 million depending on the timing of the closure.  Our fiscal 2012 tax rate is planned at approximately 33% based on our forecasted income mix and excluding any discrete items. We intend to spend approximately $325 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2012 to support our Retail and Wholesale growth initiatives and the consistent upgrading of our global infrastructure. We currently expect to open 34 new stores and 47 concession shops during the year and close 65 stores and shops in the Greater China region as part of the repositioning that was discussed earlier by Roger.  And much of our capital next year is dedicated to our international growth efforts, including continued expansion of Ralph Lauren in the Asia Pacific region, the introduction of Rugby and Club Monaco brands into Europe and the launch of Denim & Supply, with shops in leading department stores around the world.  So we've communicated a lot to you this morning regarding our results and our plans for this year. We are clearly balancing multiple factors in our fiscal '12 outlook with the realities of the margin pressure as we execute our plans. Over the years, our team has demonstrated incredible agility when faced with highly uncertain market environments, and we expect the same to be true in fiscal 2012 as we navigate through the near-term impacts of commodity inflation. Our ability to gain share in our largest markets and expand merchandise categories is enabling us to build additional platforms for future growth, and our financial strength and increasing cash generation prowess allow us the flexibility to invest in opportunities that will yield substantive future returns for our shareholders.  With that, let's open the call for your questions. Operator, would you assist us with that?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Kate McShane with Citi.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: With your guidance for next year, how should we think about SG&A dollar growth? Will you be leveraging the spend next year, and has anything changed in terms of your expected level of spending in Southeast Asia and Korea versus when you last talked about the opportunities there?
Tracey Travis: We would expect, Kate, slight leverage. Again, our operating margin guidance does exclude, as I mentioned, any potential restructuring charges that might occur from the Greater China repositioning, so we would expect some slight SG&A leverage, excluding any charges. And again, the bulk of the operating margin decline would be related to cost-of-goods pressure. In terms of extra spending in Asia, we certainly are continuing to invest in infrastructure. We are continuing to invest in advertising as we rebrand our product in the market, and those are investments that will accelerate in fiscal 2012.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Roger, you just talked about the input costs obviously mounting, and you're looking to increase prices in the fall. Could you perhaps quantify what you're expecting the input costs in the back half -- talk about what price increases you are planning to flow through, it doesn't sound as if fully. And given how strong the top line momentum is in light of the calendar shifts, it would seem as if we should be quite encouraged the ability to pass it through and quite encouraged about the elasticity of demand in light of how strong the momentum is.
Roger Farah: Yes, Adrianne, let me just cover a couple of the questions you've got in there. One, the fourth quarter results we've reported is a bit of a Haley's Comet. The unusual combination of an extra week, the loss of Easter, the loss of the week after Christmas, really is a bit of a false read that I think Tracey tried to capture for you. If you take the run rate of sales through our third quarter, adjusted fourth quarter and the guidance weve provided for first quarter, you'll see that business really is quite strong, and really, all merchandise categories in all regions and all channels are contributing to that. So we're actually encouraged with the customers' response to our products and strategies. We did not take many price increases in the spring, even though we began to see some costs rising, but we have for fall. And those increases really are very dependent on the price point of the product and the merchandise categories. The actual cost-of-goods inflation, depending on the products, range from low- to mid-single-digits all the way up into the low-20s. And when you look at the breadth of product we have from the highest levels of collection in Purple Label down to products we make for Chaps, for Cole's [Kenneth Cole] and Penney's [J.C. Penney], some of the bigger cost movements were in the lower portion of that pyramid, and that's where we were more cautious about passing on the products as they came through. I also believe, and this is one person's opinion, that the cost of goods that we've all seen and read and talk so much about will begin to moderate into spring and fall of next year. I think that the supply and demand imbalance was real, and some of the other costs got run up for other reasons, and I think the more natural supply and demand will begin to take effect as we look at next year. So our point of view has been, we're not going to alter the quality, we're not going to alter the materials, trim, findings or the cut of the products. We're not going to alter where we make goods because our principles of product and product integrity has been so critical to our success, we think the customers want the same product and are going to pay more for it where appropriate. And then I think this pig in a python is going to play itself out over the next couple of seasons. We raised our gross margin in the last 7 years 900 basis points. So I think we've become very expert at sourcing, logistics and distribution, merchandising and really felt that a short-term blip was not something to throw us off our strategic mission. So a lot of that's embedded in your question, and I've expanded it in an effort to try to cover some of what I know is on all of your minds.
Operator: Next well hear from Faye Landes with Consumer Edge Research. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Next question will come from Bob Drbul from Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: I was just wondering, on the price increases, when you think about men's versus women's versus kid's, are there more sort of categories that you're leery of raising price or where you think there will be more resistance?
Roger Farah: No, I think that our point of view, Bob, was really about the high-end customer, the luxury customer, the higher parts of our distribution, the customer there who has been so voracious in their appetite for our products will pay higher prices where fair value is provided. And then we were more cautious with merchandise categories that were in other channels of distribution where we think the customer is going to be squeezed with a lot of inflationary things coming at them in the fall, and so we were more cautious with those product categories. But it really wasn't split across men's, women's, kid's or home or accessories.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Robbie Ohmes with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch: Maybe a question for Jacki or Roger, if you want to jump in. I was curious if we could get a little more insight on to the expansion at Club Monaco and Rugby and the launch of Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply in Europe and sort of how that will be -- where it will be distributed and how it will be positioned relative to the existing business you guys have over there?
Roger Farah: Well, I'll start with the Club Monaco and Rugby, and then I'm going to let Jacki jump in on Denim & Supply. Club Monaco, as you've been following, Robbie, the comps for years now has been extraordinarily successful with identifying their customer, the product offering and then the price value of what they've made. I think you also know that today, that production has been integrated into our overall manufacturing cycle. So we've had, for years, a lot of international retailers, knocking on the door, looking to get Club Monaco distributed in their market. We have partnered in Asia with distribution experts. But in Europe, our European team really felt that they had the ability to distribute it to key retailers as a Wholesale business, as well as looking at stand-alone store distribution. We had a test this February that started with Brown's in London that was extraordinarily successful, and we just think that product really appeals to an international customer. We see that in a lot of our New York stores, where we get a lot of tourists who are coming in to buy product they can't get in other parts of the world. So we think Club Monaco represents an opportunity, not only in Asia where we are, and we're growing successfully, but in Europe. Rugby, we'll be opening our first store in Europe later this year in London. There, again, we've had -- whether it's on the website or whether it's in the stores here in New York, we've had a tremendous reaction from our international customers. We opened a store in Japan last year that actually is the #2 store in volume in our network, and so we think Europe represents opportunities and are looking for additional locations going forward with Rugby. Jacki, you want to touch on Denim & Supply as we look at that business?
Jackwyn Nemerov: Absolutely. Well, the Denim & Supply business in Europe will replace the existing Polo Jeans Company business, which as you know, we decided to close in the U.S. about 4 years ago when we made that transition. It was a very different product in Europe and a much more elevated product for both Europe and Asia. And so what we decided to do over time, and we've been working on this for quite a while, is develop a brand new statement in denim with a very exciting Bohemian attitude, really driven to this younger customer and, over time, replace the Polo Jeans business. That will now take place for fall. So that will be the transition for Europe and Asia. The exciting part about the development of this brand is, now, we're planning a reintroduction in the U.S. of this vibrant category, and it will be launched in about 250 stores in the U.S. and in Canada. And with prime locations in men's and women's, with a very fresh impactful presentation, there will be strong marketing placed behind it, really speaking to this young customer. Our plan is to take a very unique style of marketing this product, really reaching this audience in a very unique way, and our plans for what and exactly will be done will be developed and you'll see over the next couple of months. But it's something we're very excited about, and so are the customers that we are participating with on this launch.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from David Glick with Buckingham Research Group.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Roger, I just wanted to get a sense for the relative growth in the U.S. versus Europe versus Asia that's embedded in your guidance. I mean you guys have talked for a long time about your ultimate goal of 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 and just wondering if you could help us calibrate how disproportionately Asia is growing relative to Europe relative to the U.S.
Roger Farah: Yes, it's a good question, David, and I've got 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 tattooed on my forehead. We've had extraordinary growth in Europe. As you can see, we're putting together and seeing strong growth in Asia, excluding the issues in Japan for the moment. The only trouble is the U.S. keeps growing, and it's outrunning our estimates. So while we keep growing internationally, we're growing equally fast domestically. And I think as the Internet has added to the U.S. distribution pattern both our own and Wholesale as we keep launching new product categories like footwear, dresses, handbags, denim. The U.S. growth is equal to the extraordinary international growth. So I think as Tracey gave you some guidance to the first quarter and the full year, we are actually getting growth around the horn. And I think one of the surprises to us, and perhaps to all of you, was the strong core domestic Wholesale growth in the U.S. So I'm not sure how we're going to get to the 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 when the U.S. keeps growing, but we'll try.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Jeff Klinefelter, Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Roger, just a question about the Asian region and the strategy there. Given your experience operating Japan directly over the last couple of years, Korea more recently and then heading into China with a greater emphasis, what have you learned from the Japan experience that impacted your Korean strategy? And then what do you expect both of those to do in terms of impacting your China strategy?
Roger Farah: Yes, it's a good question. Each of those markets were run by a separate license group. So as we took back Japan, separate from China, Hong Kong, separate from Korea, each one of those were the transition of a long-term license to our ownership and control. And the Japanese business and the South Korea business are really heavily driven by department store shop-in-shops, and those marketplaces are heavily dominated by department store shop-in-shops. Those businesses, over many years, had a focus of men's casual, Blue Label sportswear. And in Japan, where we've had control of the business longer, we've seen tremendous reaction from the customer as we've begun to elevate product in women's and in kids and in other product categories as we've added visual enhancements and clarity, as we've sharpened our message, pre the earthquake and tsunami, we were beginning to see nice trends in what overall was a tough market. And one of the guidance issues for '12 isn't that Japan is not beginning to show some recovery from that, but it was against what our run rates would have been prior to that. Korea, where in fact, we've now had the business only for 5 months, we took on a terrific team of people that came with the acquisition, who really knew their products. And although the licensee did run down the inventories as we got to the end of the license in December, so we started January at a low level. As we've replenished inventory through the last 5 months, the customer there has responded, and that market has responded to better products, more elevated products and more fashion. So we feel very good about the long-term opportunity in Korea. Of course, many of you know that a lot of the business is in Seoul, Korea, and a lot of that business is fueled by Chinese tourists. Pricing in South Korea is less than it is in the mainland of China. So there is a healthy tourist component coming into Korea for shopping weekends. The year we've had China, Hong Kong and the rest of the Dickson portfolio has also been one of a slightly different challenge because we had to build an organization from scratch. We had no history on the merchandise. We had no infrastructure. Unlike the Japanese and Korea acquisition where we took on an existing team, we really had to build an organization from day one and get to know the stores and the territories. The other issue is that, that market will be dominated by stand-alone retail into the future. They're not really embedded in a department store-driven distribution channel. So our ability to identify and acquire key locations, both in major cities and more suburban malls will be a key to that market. We are clearly underdeveloped in women's. We're clearly underdeveloped in accessories and kids, and I think our goal would be to elevate and refine the men's business we have over time. The other thing I would just say so it doesn't get lost in the small print of the script, the Chinese are traveling the world. And many of the luxury brands that I talked to, talked powerfully about the impact of the Chinese tourist in their other international locations, like Paris or London or Milan or Switzerland. So we believe as we build up the proper presence and consistent with our global image in China, we will see those customers and the lift in our business in Europe, which we don't really get much of today. So it's really a holistic approach to the Chinese customer, slightly different than the Japanese and Korean markets that we think is absolutely exciting for the medium-term and long-term for this company. Let's continue to take questions. I know we're a little long because the end-of-the-year report was more robust , but we'll keep fielding questions for another few minutes.
Operator: Marie Driscoll with Standard & Poor's Equity Research has our next question.
Marie Driscoll - S&P Equity Research: My question is about the Home category. It's exciting to hear that you're building it out, and I was wondering if you could just be more granular on what you're doing, both domestically and internationally.
Jackwyn Nemerov: In the Home business, we really started with what we feel is the foundation of that business, which is our textile business, so our bedding and bath. And that's a sizable business that we believe can really benefit from ownership and operating methods. We have been working hard on fresh new products. The teams have done a wonderful job of really looking at the balance of what that product should be. We began shipping in May, and our sales for the season have been very strong in Home. So that becomes the foundation. What we then did is looked carefully at each of our licenses, we determined which really were valuable for our future, which we needed to make changes with and so forth, and we have been working hard on this over the last 2 years with a heavy concentration in this last year. And every one of our licenses today's performance is up over last year. We've been working very closely on the content of that product. We've most recently added lighting and rugs, and the markets have gone extremely well for those categories of products. So all the changes that we've made, we're really starting to see very positive results from, and of course, we see Home, both in Ralph Lauren and Lauren, completely holistically so that as you enter the world of Ralph Lauren or you enter the world of Lauren, you're completely immersed in the entire experience in every category of products as we offer the customer wonderful choices for gifts and we offer them wonderful choices for their bedroom or their living room. And as I said, the size and scope of the categories is extensive, and we're very pleased today with the changes we've made, what we're seeing as a result and, as I said, the very positive business performance.
Operator: Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank: I just want to try and make sure I understand how the margins are going to play out through the year here. So if I just look at the revenue guidance, it's pretty solid, and you said the biggest negative to operating margins is going to be the gross margin pressure. So am I wrong -- it sounds like the -- and you've touched on this a few times, that the SG&A is going to be increasing, it sounds like almost roughly the same pace as revenue, which would be a pretty big step up, right?
Tracey Travis: You're correct. And I mean, a part of the increase in SG&A is the fact that we do have a full year of our Korea business in this year versus only a -- really 2 months in our prior fiscal year. So that's a portion of the increase in SG&A. We also called out the fact that we are increasing our advertising spend to support some of the new initiatives like Home that Jacki spoke about and Denim & Supply and our international growth as well, and we're also expanding our e-commerce distribution. So we've spoken previously, and certainly on this call as well, that we're expanding e-commerce into Europe, and we're also exploring -- expanding into Asia as well. And that investment is also in our results for fiscal '12. So we are continuing to invest for future growth in addition to obviously the performance of our current core businesses, which are expected to grow quite nicely, as you mentioned.
Operator: Christine Chen with Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: I wanted to ask -- I know it's hard to quantify it, but the uncertainty in Japan, has that also affected some of the tourist business in maybe China or South Korea and anywhere else since they do travel? I mean, do you expect that to maybe resume? And then you had said that you expect South Korea to be accretive this year, correct? Dilutive in the near-term but ultimately at the end of the year, it should be accretive?
Tracey Travis: Yes, dilutive in the fourth quarter and accretive for the fiscal 2012 year.
Roger Farah: Yes. And answer to your question about the Japanese tourist. I mean, clearly, in the 2 months right after the earthquake and tsunami, the tourist travel in Japan was dramatically down, although quite frankly, the Chinese tourist is today the dominant influence in really the gateway cities. One of the interesting subjects that's not often reported is the difficulty that Chinese tourists have to get visas to visit in the United States. So today, many of the tourists that are traveling out of China are really going to Europe. While that's a wonderful trip and a wonderful experience, we'd love to get more of them into the United States. But nevertheless, where you see Hawaii or other Asian destinations for tourism, the Japanese tourist is staying closer to home, although I think it's going to be a quarter-to-quarter update. We're already seeing some recovery in the mood and the spirit in Japan. There's definitely an attitude of trying to move on, and then we'll see how that plays out for the tourist business. But the headline issue on the tourist business is the Chinese, and their impact on the global shopping pattern, as I said earlier, is extraordinary, not just in their home market but as they move to other countries.
Operator: And we do have time for one more question. We'll take our final question from Faye Landes with Consumer Edge Research.
Faye Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a quick follow-up on SG&A. Your points about next year's SG&A spending were explicit, so I appreciate that. But I was just wondering if you could talk about -- address 2 issues there. First of all, how should we think of this in the out-years? Obviously, there's lots of ways to spend money to support the business, so what kind of SG&A philosophy will you have after next year as businesses continue to ramp all over the world? And also, given some degree of uncertainty regarding consumer response to rising prices, which you had outlined earlier, how much flex do you have in the SG&A, how much could you crank it down, how much flexibility do you have to crank it down if sales aren't quite what you expected?
Tracey Travis: Great questions, Faye. So I'll start and perhaps Roger will finish up. One of the other impacts that I didn't mention that is impacting, if you just look at our SG&A, is how we are growing. So we called out the fact that in the fourth quarter, Retail grew faster than Wholesale. In fiscal 2012, we also called out the fact that Retail is growing faster than Wholesale, and our strategies to grow Asia are primarily Retail growth, whether they're concessions shops or freestanding stores. That does have an impact on SG&A. It's a mix impact. So with Retail, you have higher gross profit and higher SG&A costs. So that too is impacting us. As it relates to fiscal '12, I can only point you back to the recession, when we were faced very suddenly with reduction in sales and made some prudent choices as it relates to discretionary spending and other spending as well. So certainly, if the sales don't materialize, which we're pretty comfortable they will, again, we have been very thoughtful in terms of how we've planned price increases. But there's a lot of other economics noise in the environment with gas prices and food prices rising and everything else, that we will certainly make prudent choices, if need be, to manage the year, as we have previously. And in the future, I think you can expect us to continue to invest in growth strategies. I think that has been working very well for us in the last few years. It's the reason why Jacki spoke about our tremendous footwear growth this year. It's the reason why Europe has contributed as much as it has over the last few years for us as a company. We have been very smart and thoughtful on the executive leadership team here under Ralph's direction of investing in high-return projects, both in the near-term as well as long-term, and we certainly will continue to do that. And Asia represents, again, a very exciting opportunity for us along those lines. Roger?
Roger Farah: Yes. Tracey's answer is complete. The only thing that I would add is the question to Jacki as we transition from what was a licensed textile business to own. We're obviously taking on expenses that used to be licensed, same for Korea, from a licensed category bringing it in-house. The launch of Denim & Supply, which is a new business, which comes with expenses before we start shipping. So we believe, Faye, that those will begin to moderate as we come full circle on most of the key license activities. And as we continue to see the kind of sales increases we've enjoyed, my expectation is we'll be able to leverage the expense line. And if I'm right, we'll begin to see, over the next 12 months, supply and demand get in better alignment, which will help mitigate some of the margin impacts.  So I know we've run long this morning. We tried to cover a lot of information on fourth quarter, fiscal '12, some small highlights of the next 3-year outlook and what our focuses are going to be. We're very excited about the consumer trends and reactions to our strategies. We'll see how the fall pricing impacts. My guess is Polo Ralph Lauren product will continue to win and take market share, but when we get together in August to talk about early reads on fall, I think we'll have a better idea. So thank you for listening, and I appreciate your questions. We'll talk to you shortly.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for joining.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Company Speaker - James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Omar Saad - Crdit Suisse AG Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank Robert Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch David Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Conference Call. The agenda for today's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; Jacki Nemerov, our Executive Vice President, will provide some product commentary; and Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the third quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2011. After that, we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to be reporting excellent third quarter results today. Consolidated sales rose 24%, including 15% comp store growth at our directly operated retail stores and concession shops and a 21% increase in our wholesale shipments. All regions of the world contributed to this strong performance. Most of the growth was fueled by the incredible appeal of the Ralph Lauren brand in our core men's, women's and children's apparel products. Emerging products and regions also continued to contribute, but the real momentum in the quarter came from the strength of our core, where customers are responding to the high-quality and compelling value of our merchandise across channels. We are clearly picking up substantial market share, particularly in the United States and in Europe. Simply put, we had a superb holiday season. We offered exceptional merchandise across all lifestyle sensibilities, from our most luxurious products in our Ralph Lauren stores to our aspirational assortments in our department stores worldwide. The strength of our merchandise was supported by world-class advertising and marketing efforts. Our innovative 4D light show alone has delivered more than $600 million media impressions worldwide since the event took place. And at point of sale, our product was showcased with spectacular in-store presentations. The holiday windows at our stores around the world are a destination. And we have strong placement in leading department stores as well, including our exclusive holiday tartan program at Macy's. We invest considerable resources in our creative presentations and field teams to ensure we are delivering the most compelling customer experience we can. These teams are tireless and a competitive advantage for us. We are effectively monetizing our top line momentum as you can see in our profit metrics. Operating profits increased 43%, and diluted EPS rose 56% for the quarter. The clarity of our brand message drove highly profitable sell-throughs, and we'd leverage this even as we incurred incremental investments in our growth initiatives. The disciplined execution of our global teams delivered results that were better than we planned for but entirely consistent with our strategies. So on behalf of Ralph and myself, I want to congratulate and thank our employees for a job well done. We made important progress on each of our strategic growth initiatives during the quarter. On January 1, we successfully transitioned our former licensed South Korean operations to directly controlled operations. As a result, we welcome 200 new associates to the Polo Ralph Lauren family, add more stores and 179 concession shops to our global distribution network. As you know, weve progressively assumed direct control of our distribution through Asia, beginning with Japan in fiscal 2008, most of the rest of Asia in fiscal 2010 and South Korea in January. Collectively, this region of the world is currently comprised of 44 directly operated stores and 503 concession shops. This primarily represents the former licensees distribution strategy. With the transition of South Korea, we have now completed an important first phase of our broader Asia strategy that is expected to transform our company over the long term. We have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to custom build this region in a manner that is aligned with our global luxury image and strategies, so we intend to be deliberate with the sequencing of our efforts. We have new leadership in place and a team that is incredibly energized and focused on driving the next phase of our Asia strategy, which will be more focused on refining and expanding the distribution and building customer awareness. For more than 30 years, the entire region has been built primarily around men's sportswear. Most of you are well aware that the breadth of our product assortment in more developed markets such as the United States and Europe is far more expansive. So far, we have found that the more we elevate our stores and the merchandise mix, the stronger the customer response. So over the next several years, we intend to intensify the exposure of our premium brands and showcase the breadth of our lifestyle offerings. We see a particularly compelling opportunity with our accessory products, handbags, small leather goods, watches and jewelry included. Customer receptivity to these product categories will be very important for our success in the region. As you can imagine, it takes a fair amount of time for us to execute our plans, Japan and South Korea and what I'll call China territories, are each at different stages of development for us. And it takes time to understand the varying taste and preferences of our customers throughout this region. We are simultaneously looking for ways to maximize operational efficiencies throughout the region. This is easiest to do with our corporate shared services and creative teams, but we are also exploring synergies with inventory management and merchandising initiative, again, recognizing there are often substantial differences between countries. We've made good progress in Japan in a relatively short period of time and despite extremely unfavorable market conditions. But we're still far away from where we want to be. And in the China territories, we're beginning to see improvement in our sale velocity as we become more astute with our planning and tiering of merchandise, especially as customers are exposed to our more premium labels and products. In South Korea, much of our first year will be spent on gradually normalizing inventory levels, which are exceptionally lean today. Renovating shops are important as well as implementing a target-door strategy to test our more elevated merchandising strategies. The Asian customer is driving a large part of the growth in the luxury market, both at home and abroad. They have a sophisticated appreciation for quality, craftsmanship and the integrity of design. These qualities lie at the core of our company, and it's all that we do and think about. When we are dealing with this level of customer, our products really shine. Given the relatively modest scope of our existing Asia business, we are confident there's a considerable opportunity for us there. With $1.3 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet, we are obviously not constrained by capital to pursue our goals. And we will commit more of our resources to develop the region and realize the returns we believe are achievable, but with a deliberate pace of growth, which needs to be measured to ensure we are executing with the highest standards we require and that we've achieved in the rest of the world. This long tail to our growth aspirations is the right thing to do. Weve successfully executed a similar strategy in Europe, a region that is an important contributor to our strong financial results and continues to offer considerable growth for us. Year-to-date, European sales and profits have grown at a double-digit pace reflecting excellent productivity gains in our core apparel categories. We have a lot more terrain to explore in Europe both in terms of incremental distribution and leveraging our full range of lifestyle sensibilities and product categories. Our focus on expanding our direct-to-customer reach is also contributing to sales and profit growth. Our spectacular new Madison Avenue flagship stores are performing well ahead of plan as are most of the flagships worldwide. We're also driving better productivity in our existing stores. Over the last several years, we've expanded our Retail segment operating profit margin significantly. I believe that consistent investment we've made to create the world's most fantastic shopping environments, enhanced customer service experiences has supported this profit expansion. It enables us to capture our customer in a more meaningful way as we showcase the world of Ralph Lauren and immerse them in all that we have to offer. The growing acceptance of our accessory products in our retail stores is very encouraging. As these products grow as a percent of our overall sales mix, they should enhance our retail productivity metrics further. More targeted and sophisticated marketing strategies are also contributing to our retail results. At our brick-and-mortar store, we've increased our focus on our most loyal and highest-spending customer on in-store events. Online, we developed more efficient search-optimization techniques and customer-engagement strategies and innovative events such as virtual fashion shows and other interactive merchantainment, which has proven to be very successful for us, both in terms of new customer acquisition and inspiring deeper loyalty from our existing customers. You can certainly see the impact on RalphLauren.com as we continue to go from strength to strength, registering a 33% increase in sales during the prior quarter. And consistent with our strategy to distort resources to high-growth, high-margin opportunities, last week we launched the first phase of the next generation of RalphLauren.com in the United States. The site features a new look with enhanced product presentation and improved customer experience. I encourage you all to check it out along with our new spring collections. And momentum is building at our new U.K. e-commerce site, where traffic is improving weekly, and we're experiencing strong conversion rates. We're on track to launch e-commerce in France and Germany next summer, and we continue to explore Asian e-commerce opportunities. At this point, I'd like to have Jacki Nemerov expand a bit more on our product development strategies that she has day-to-day oversight of them.
Company Speaker: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. There is no question that the momentum in our business around the world is fueled by the strength of our products. We are fortunate to be working with one of the world's most desirable brands, and we support this with an extraordinary investment in new merchandise development and product innovation. I believe it is a core competitive advantage for us. With 43 years of experience as a company, we know our customers really well. And in that time, we've appropriately evolved to address their dynamic lifestyle needs. In this last year alone, we have introduced exciting new handbag collections, a broad and compelling activewear assortment with RLX, our first fine jewelry collection, and just this week, we introduced a new luxury denim offering. Ralph Lauren denim is an entirely new lifestyle expression for us and new terrain for the women's designer-level merchandise. As Ralph's incredible vision is translated into new product ideas and lifestyle sensibilities, we were able to find incremental distribution opportunities to showcase the product. It not only makes us even more relevant to our existing customers but also allows us to appeal to new customers. This is especially important as we grow our international presence since many of the regions of the world don't yet appreciate all we have to offer. Given the diversity of our lifestyle labels and the complexity of our distribution around the world, we are careful to develop discrete product for discrete channels. As the business has grown over the years and as we've come to more directly control various labels and product categories, the complexity of what we are executing has also increased. But with this greater control, we were able to more effectively leverage our in-house expertise in design, manufacturing and merchandising across the portfolio of lifestyle sensibilities and develop more impactful, strategic merchandising initiatives on an increasingly global scale. This benefit of greater cohesion begins with the concept-design process and runs all the way through to spectacular, customized in-store presentations that deliver a clear brand message to the customer. As a global luxury brand, the quality of our product and the consistency of our presentation is critical. And we invest considerable resources to ensure that Ralph's vision is properly executed. We do this for each and every one of our brands across the channels. A recent and good example of this is our successful holiday tartan program, which Roger referenced, where we offered apparel, accessories and home products in a crisp, unified way that excited the customer over the holidays and ultimately drove strong sell-throughs. We've executed similar strategies with our various lifestyle sensibilities. In just a few short years, men's Black Label has evolved from tailored clothing and furnishings to now include a strong sportswear element and associated accessories. The launch of Ralph Lauren denim will be yet another extension of the Black Label sensibility for men. There's a similar story for the evolution of Purple Label, which now has an extremely compelling and fast-growing sportswear element to complement its core tailored clothing assortment. In the department store arena, our Lauren brand has also evolved considerably. While Lauren has always been a fully realized lifestyle brand in its own right, with product offerings across career, polished casual and weekend sportswear, it also has its own successful sub-brands with Lauren Jeans Co., Lauren Active and Lauren Home. Of course, we've recently introduced exciting new Lauren product categories with footwear, handbags and dresses. Each of which has its own range of lifestyle sensibilities and usage occasions for the brand to address. These products quickly benefit from a high-brand awareness and considerable distribution platform of the core existing Lauren business. Today, Lauren is primarily distributed in the United States, but we believe there is considerable global growth for it. We intend to expand European distribution, including layering in more of Laurens various lifestyle elements over the next few seasons. We manage all of this tremendous content with extraordinary discipline. How we source the product, plan the assortments, allocate the inventory and deliver the merchandise is equally important. This blend of art and science is absolutely critical to our success. Our precise execution and the consistent quality of the merchandise in terms of design and make are what enable us to elevate our brands and ultimately drive strong sell-through rates and profitability. The benefits don't only accrue to our company, but also to our retail partners, which is why we continue to gain share. It is also why they are eager for us to continue to innovate. When you consider the categories we have just dipped our toes in like accessories and denim, there are enormous global opportunities for us across all sensibilities in the world of Ralph Lauren. So as far as we've come, with all we've done, we still have a long way to go, which is really exciting for us. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tracey.
Tracey Travis: Thank you, Jacki, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen in this morning's press release, our third quarter and year-to-date performance reflects exceptionally strong top line momentum and even more robust flow-through to profit growth. Consolidated net revenues in the third quarter were $1.5 billion, a 24% increase from the prior year period with growth in both our Wholesale and Retail segments exceeding 20%. Solid performance of our core men's, women's and children's apparel was enhanced by incremental sales from our newly transitioned Asian operations and some favorable calendar shifts, which accounted for approximately 400 basis points of the consolidated sales increase. Revenue growth exceeded our expectations, primarily due to the strength of our Retail segment, including considerable same-store sales growth at our directly operated stores at RalphLauren.com. Shipments to our global department store customers also exceeded our expectations this quarter. The net impact of foreign currency translation on our total reported revenue growth was negligible for the third quarter. The gross profit rate of 58.6% in the third quarter was 40 basis points above the prior year period, reflecting stronger full-priced sales that more than offset the initial impact of increasing cost of goods. Our comprehensive merchandising initiatives across all product categories and focused on our wholesale customers, retail stores and e-commerce sites, supported the excellent full-price sell-throughs we experienced. The strengthening of the Japanese yen more than offset the magnitude of the unfavorable currency impact we experienced from the euro translation and that we anticipated when we spoke with you in November. Expenses in the quarter included incremental costs associated with our Hong Kong operation as well as the South Korean pre-acquisition costs, our European e-commerce launch expenses, higher incentive compensation costs and global infrastructure support cost. Despite these investment expenditures, we achieved 160 basis points of operating expense leverage, which was better than the modest leverage we had expected. The magnitude of the operating expense leverage in the quarter was another important contributor to our outperformance relative to our expectations. Operating income of $246 million was 43% above the prior year period. Our operating margin also showed considerable improvement, expanding 200 basis points to 15.9% and reflecting improved profitability across all of our reporting segments. Net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2011 increased 52% to $168 million, and net income per diluted share rose 56% to $1.72. The lower effective tax rate of 29% compared to 33% in the third quarter of fiscal 2010 reflects the favorable resolution of discrete tax items that was partially offset by a greater proportion of earnings generated in higher-tax jurisdictions this fiscal year. Moving on to segment highlights for the quarter. Our Wholesale segment sales rose 21% to $676 million, a result of double-digit shipment growth in both the United States and European markets. Third quarter wholesale operating income of $130 million was 21% greater than last year, and the wholesale operating margin expanded 10 basis points to 19.3%. Higher profit flow-through on the growth in shipment volumes and disciplined operational management of expenses were the primary drivers of improved wholesale operating income and margin rate, although they were somewhat offset by the first signs of cost of goods inflation. For our Retail group, our marketing and merchandising efforts substantially benefited our direct-to-consumer channel during the quarter. From the opening of our 888 Madison Avenue flagship store here in New York in October and the considerable response to it, to the strength of our global merchandising product lines for fall and holiday, to our visual presentation, both in-store and online of the brand, which seem to resonate with consumers globally, our customer traffic at Retail continued to build throughout the quarter. As a result, strong comparable store sales growth, the contribution from newly opened stores and incremental sales from our newly assumed stores and concession shops in Asia drove third quarter revenue up 29% to $822 million. Our overall comp store sales increased 15% during the quarter, reflecting 7% growth at Ralph Lauren stores and concession shops, a 15% increase at global factory stores and 12% growth at Club Monaco stores. Improved traffic and improved conversion trends, in addition to increased full-price selling, were all key drivers of comp growth. It is encouraging for all of us to see a broad range of key performance indicators delivering in a retail environment that was still fairly unpredictable and promotional in the quarter. In the U.S., stores in key tourist destinations like New York, California, Dallas and Florida, have rebounded and are outperforming the average comp trend. Club Monaco continues to benefit from compelling women's fashion assortments and the Men's business also gained some momentum during the quarter. RalphLauren.com's spectacular 33% sales growth was also supported by higher traffic to the site and improved conversion, with accessories and children's wear registering the greatest sales gains on the site. Even as consumers are shopping more online, the momentum at RalphLauren.com, combined with the solid comp growth at our brick-and-mortar stores and our strength at wholesale, suggest we are providing a compelling customer experience and desirable product assortments and, therefore, capturing a higher share of wallet across all channels and formats. We opened 14 directly operated freestanding stores and closed five directly operated freestanding stores during the quarter, ending the period with 376 company-operated stores. We also operated 520 concession shop locations worldwide at the end of the third quarter. Included in these store counts are four directly operated stores and 179 concession shop locations assumed in the transition of the formerly licensed South Korea operations, which occurred on January 1, 2011, the last day of our fiscal quarter, although we did not record any sales associated with the network during that period. Retail segment operating income grew 52% to $153 million in the third quarter, and the retail operating margin increased 280 basis points to 18.6%. This is a new peak level of Retail segment profitability for the third quarter period. The considerable improvement in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate were a result of strong comparable store sales growth, higher full-price sell-through rates across most retail concepts and disciplined operating management. Partially offsetting these gains were incremental expenses related to our newly assumed Asian operations and start-up costs for our international e-commerce efforts. Investments we've made in product development and presentation, product flow, sales training for our associates in marketing and advertising are also clearly supporting our improvement in sales productivity. Licensing royalties grew 4% to $50 million in the third quarter, as higher domestic product licensing revenues more than offset lower international royalties due to the transition of formerly licensed Asian operations. Operating income for our Licensing segment increased 23% to $30 million, primarily as a result of lower net cost associated with the Asian transition. Our strong operating results are reflected in our solid financial condition. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.3 billion in cash and investments and $1 billion in net cash. Consolidated inventories were up 28% from the prior year period on a reported basis, which includes the incremental inventory to support over 300 Asian concession shops and stores in the Hong Kong region and the newly transitioned South Korea network. Excluding the incremental Asian inventory, consolidated comp inventory was up 19% from the comparable period last year. The remaining growth in inventory primarily reflects the investment to support our new and enhanced merchandising programs such as handbags, basic stock replenishment and our new European e-commerce site. In addition, we've taken proactive measures to avoid potential supply chain disruption in light of the timing of the lunar New Year in Asia, which is February 3 through February 14, by receiving goods earlier. In fact, higher in-transit inventory accounted for about half of the total increase on a like-for-like basis. The inflationary impact of cost of goods also affected our ending inventory balance approximately 400 basis points. Based on our third quarter sales results and our current perspective on our aggregate spring/summer shipment schedule, we are comfortable with the currency of our inventory. We spent approximately $78 million on CapEx during the third quarter to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. For the last 12 months, our return on equity was 20%, and our return on investment was 40% due to the continued strength of our free cash flow generation and with confidence in our strategic agenda. As we announced in our press release this morning, our board of directors has authorized a new $250 million share repurchase program, bringing our aggregate current authorizations to approximately $719 million. In addition, the board has doubled the company's quarterly cash dividend payment to $0.20 per share from the current level of $0.10 per share. The board's actions enable us to enhance shareholder return even as we continue to invest in high-growth, high-margin opportunities. Our strong financial metrics were also recognized by Moodys recently, who raised our corporate debt rating to A3 from BAA1 in January. Our results for the first nine months of fiscal 2011 clearly showcase the considerable performance of our entire organization. That momentum has been enhanced by the growing contribution from emerging product categories and channels and our disciplined operational management. Collectively, these dynamics have helped to fund the investments we are making and will continue to make in Asia and offset the initial signs of cost of goods inflation. Based on our strong year-to-date performance, we are obviously raising our profit outlook for the full year. In this morning's press release, we outlined our revised expectations for fiscal 2011, and I'd like to briefly review those with you now. For the full year period, we continue to expect revenues to increase at a low-double digit rate. Implicit in this outlook is an expectation for high-single digit growth in wholesale shipment and mid-teen growth for our Retail segment revenue. Based on our year-to-date performance, we now expect our full year operating margin rate to be approximately equal to fiscal 2010's level, which compares to our prior expectation of a 50 basis point decline. Our outlook continues to imply both increased pressure from cost of goods inflation and exchange rate pressure in the fourth quarter, as well as dilution related to the initial transition of the South Korea operations. In addition, we have some calendar shifts that impact the fourth quarter, most notably, that fiscal 2011 is a 52-week year versus fiscal 2010's 53 weeks and that the week between Christmas and New Year was in our fiscal third quarter this year versus the fiscal fourth quarter last year. Collectively, we estimate these shifts to account for approximately 10 full basis points in sales growth and about 200 basis points in operating profit margin. We currently expect a fiscal 2011 tax rate of approximately 32%. Our year-to-date results affirm the successful execution of our business strategies. We've demonstrated our ability to drive substantial profit flow-through on strong top line momentum, which speaks to the operational discipline of our team. We are proactive about pursuing market share opportunities and operational efficiencies as we consistently reinvest in the business to support our long-term strategic goal. Second half calendar shifts aside, we continue to seek encouraging underlying demand trends for our products. This includes early reads on fall, holiday 2011 orders, which suggest we are strengthening our leadership position in our more developed merchandise categories and gaining traction with our newer product categories. Around the world, customers are voting for the Ralph Lauren brand and the compelling value proposition of our high-quality luxury products. This gives us further confidence to continue reinvesting for future growth. And with that, I'll conclude the company's remarks and open the call up for your questions. Operator, would you assist us with that please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Omar Saad with Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Crdit Suisse AG: I know you mentioned it a little bit, Tracey, in some of your comments, I was wondering how you guys are thinking about cotton inflation. It's obviously a big concern for a lot of investors in the sector right now. And I know you haven't given guidance for next year yet, but have you thought about strategy for pricing? And if you are going to use price as a tool, kind of how you think about demand elasticity across the sector, and does it vary by region? Just like to get an update on your thoughts there.
Roger Farah: So Omar, this is a big question, and I'll try to answer it completely so it gets as much information out there that we're able to provide. Clearly, you've all heard, read and know the extraordinary inflationary raw materials issue. Cotton for sure, but all other fibers, cashmere, wool, on and on and on are experiencing enormous increases. Some of that I think you have to recognize is coming off the low base post-recession, so the comparison is distorted. But even with that said, it's extraordinary by any measure. So with raw materials being the most important part of a garment's cost, it's having a meaningful impact on how we think and plan and organize ourselves with that beginning to come into play in the back half of this year as we've talked about before, moving gradually through spring and then really coming on in more of a spike for fall and beyond. So I think we're all trying to monitor and watch that regularly. The other piece of that is the manufacturing costs are rising as well. And so it's sort of a double whammy of that, that is impacting everybody. We have taken a very clear position that we will not alter the quality of our materials, our manufacturing, our findings, our trims, or really where we're making product at this point. The backbone we think of our brand equity is the extraordinary products we make, and we think they've always been fairly priced for what they are. So that won't change. Our ability, we believe, to responsibly increase our prices later in the year, are based on that brand equity and our customers' belief that the products we provide represent not only extraordinary design but extraordinary value. So for us, our thoughts, as we head into fall and beyond, is to look at products, look at pricing by category, by region, and again, make a responsible adjustment that reflects the reality of cost of goods increases. And beyond the short-term impact of this, the question is, where is it going to go over the next two or three years? And quite frankly, at this point, nobody knows. So we have to be thoughtful about our expectation of how our consumers are going to react. And I don't think we'll really see a fair read on that until the fall. I think there will be selective price increases during the spring in the marketplace. We may get some modest read off of that. But I think, really, until we all get to fall of next year, we won't know whether the end consumer understands and accepts what will be a overall increase for most product categories. We just think with our brand, and our quality and the momentum we have, we've got to make responsible decisions about how we adjust our thinking on this.
Operator: Moving on, we'll now hear from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Roger, I was just wondering, in light of the change in your guidance, EBIT margins now flat versus a down 50 basis points, help us think about what has changed in your thinking that gives you a bit more confidence there and how we should be thinking about that going forward in light of your comments of inflationary pressures. How should we be thinking about sources of opportunity as it relates to gross margin and expense control?
Roger Farah: Adrianne, that's a good question. When we built the plans for the year, we had anticipated, in our third quarter, in our fourth quarter, that cost of goods would be rising because we saw that coming. And we had made a decision not to adjust retail pricing for third and fourth quarter, and therefore, the plan was built on compression. And what you saw in the third quarter, and it's why we're somewhat looking at the back half of the year, the whole six-month block of time, is our sell-throughs have been that much better. We are getting higher sell-throughs at full price, both in retail, online and our wholesale accounts worldwide, and that improved full-price sell-through has mitigated the gradual cost of goods increases. So with the kind of sales momentum we've had and the sell-throughs we've had, we have, obviously, reported today strong margin improvement against that backdrop. And that's sort of what we're looking at for the go-forward until we really get to the full impact of fall '11.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Robbie Ohmes with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert Ohmes - BofA Merrill Lynch: Roger, I was hoping that maybe you could give us a little more detail on the Asia strategy, maybe near term. And I guess the question would be maybe more help on own store, and maybe luxury store growth in China versus what you're going to do with the concession stores. And should we expect the Sportswear business in China and the Concession business you're taking over to not grow as fast? Or will you change what's in those concession shops significantly? Maybe if you could sort of paint the picture for us of how you think you'll be executing over the next 24 months now that you control everything there.
Roger Farah: Okay, Robbie, I think it's a terrific question given that I spent a lot of time this morning talking about Asia. And I think it's on everybody's mind. The other piece, and then I'll answer your question more directly, is we've noticed the extraordinary impact that the Chinese customer has had on other parts of the world as they travel. So getting our brand properly established in China and Hong Kong and other major capitals, we think will not only improve that part of the world, but their impact on Europe or the United States because what we're observing in other luxury brands is the extraordinary power they're exhibiting to buy those products outside their home market. With that said, we've now completed the major part of putting together what was a very fragmented licensing strategy in Asia. And as we've talked about in the past, the bulk of our licensees internationally have focused on men's Blue Label sportswear. So the locations, the concessions, or street locations, or mall locations, were primarily positioned to maximize that particular merchandise class. And so as we look to elevate the brand, bring more of a luxury assortment, clearly expand our women's and accessory and high-end Men's business, we've got to look at the portfolio of distribution points we have to see how they reflect against our go-forward position. Parallel to that, we are going to be aggressive in our desire to get the kind of locations -- and it's really going to be more than a 24-month period, but it's going to be for a very long time period -- to get the kind of locations we think we need to properly position the brand. What's happening in China is clearly major city growth in the Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong regions, but a lot of second and third tier cities are now beginning to gel and exhibiting the customer demand, and so we're going to have to look at those second and third tiers the same time we're looking at the primary cities for key locations. I also think it's clear to us that China, Hong Kong, is going to be more direct to customer, where a lot of the current network in Japan and Korea are concession shop in shops. So for us in China, more about the direct-to-customer through our own brick-and-mortar and ultimately, through e-commerce. We're going to have to move quickly to accelerate our strategy of e-commerce in that region because I think that will help overlay the brand positioning we're trying to achieve. So I tried to pepper my comments at the beginning with sequencing and thoughtfulness because I think this is really a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to set properly the most unique region in the world. And what we've learned in the United States and what we've learned in Europe, we're going to try to apply.
Operator: And now we'll hear from UBS' Michael Binetti.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank: So, I think, Tracey, you gave a little detail on this, but you called out international e-commerce development as an input to retail margins in the quarter. And I think you alluded to Europe, Tracey, is this the ongoing comment that we expect France and Germany this year to come online or are we -- and I think Club Monaco later in the calendar year, are we looking at any e-commerce in Asia yet in that comment?
Tracey Travis: No, this is really in the quarter, the investment related to the launch of our U.K. e-commerce site, which happened in October. So that was primarily the investment related to that. And we also do have some investment related to the fact that we will be, as you are aware, launching France and Germany later in this calendar year. We are certainly exploring how we will go about launching e-commerce in Asia, but we're still in the exploration stage at this point in time. So not a lot of investment thus far and that is in the exploration stage right now.
Operator: Moving on, well hear from Christine Chen with Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Wondering if you could talk about regional performance in Europe and then with respect to South Korea, how is that customer different from the Japanese customer? I mean, South Korea is a pretty developed luxury market, and do you still expect it to be diluted by the $0.08 to $0.10 that you had initially talked about?
Roger Farah: Well, the European business, which I think you heard me say, has had a extraordinary year of growth. The strong market positioning we have in the key markets of Europe has continued. So England, France, Germany have all been very, very strong markets as well as the Scandinavian countries. Spain, which went through a difficult period in the recession has started to come back a bit. And Italy has been a little bit more difficult, and I would say that's the most challenged market there. Most of the distribution in Italy is through multi-brand specialty stores and I think they've struggled the most coming through the recession. So over time, I think Europe will continue to perform, but it's going to be with some ups and downs by country. And our ability to go direct to the customer is going to be critical, and that's why we're pleased with the early U.K. e-commerce results and excited about France and Germany coming online, and then we have a rollout plan after that for the rest of the countries. South Korea, while mostly department store driven and concession shop driven, is actually a more vibrant market right now than Japan by a lot. The organic growth in that market has been strong. They also have a much stronger Tourist business of Chinese. Most of that is an arbitrage on pricing because the price of luxury goods in South Korea are cheaper than they are in China. So many Chinese see a weekend shopping excursion to Seoul as a exciting thing to do. So the organic market, while developed as you said, is continuing to grow and is getting a healthier tourist play than the markets in Japan.
Tracey Travis: And Christine, related to your question on dilution, we still do expect to experience those dilution costs. They are related to a couple of different things. One is just the acquisition costs related to the transaction. So we certainly incurred some fees related to the transition of the business from licensed to owned, whether it be legal fees or other fees associated with that, some incremental people cost as we added people to the business from a transition standpoint. And then, we did pay about $47 million to Doosan for the business. And that was a combination of the inventory that was transferred over the fixed assets, the net book value of the fixed assets that we acquired in the transition and other considerations. So the amortization of all of that from a purchase accounting standpoint is what's somewhat included in the dilution and that is impacting the fourth quarter. The other part of the fourth quarter and we had the same experience with Dickson from a transition standpoint, when we transition a license, oftentimes the transition leaves us with light fall inventory. And we had the same experience in Korea, so we are a bit light on our fall clearance inventory that we would normally be selling this time of year in January and February. We certainly have spring inventory from a selling standpoint. So the first couple of months of sale will be a bit light. But we expect that to certainly catch up in the second quarter as well. So all of those things are factored into the dilution. It's really a onetime dilution impact related to the transition of business.
Operator: David Glick with Buckingham Research Group has our next question.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Roger, I was hoping you can give us a little more color on your success in your new Madison Avenue women's and accessory store and wondering how you're thinking about the accessories category and how you merchandise it there, and how that could be extended to the balance of your retail stores.
Roger Farah: Well, the reaction by the consumer was extraordinary. We thought we had aggressive plans, and we exceeded those. I think any local customer who watched the store go up for many, many years, as you all know, and was curious what we have done to their neighborhood came in and was overwhelmed with the presentation of the world of Ralph Lauren as well as the tourist customer. So both stores, the men's store and the women's and home stores, recorded extraordinary November, December performances. And really, the high end and the best products are what we sold the most of. The combination of the presentation, the merchandise and the extraordinary service levels that those stores provide, had us registering average sales checks more than 100% larger than in prior holiday seasons in those locations. So it was a combination of foot traffic and conversion. But really, the higher-priced products that we were converting to sales was extraordinary. The accessory presentations on the main floor is really Ralph's vision for the future. And for us to take an entire main floor and make it accessories, when this store was in the planning stages years ago, was a bold commitment to our ability to develop the right handbags, accessories, footwear and, of course, jewelry and watches. And we saw a strong customer reaction to all of that. Our challenge now will be to take that layering and representation of accessories and roll it out to more of our existing fleet as well as distorting new stores. As many of you know, our model in the past, where we had a lifestyle store was the main floor or the second floor was men's, and then you hit a third floor, maybe that was women's and maybe a fourth that was home. So we always had strong men's representation. But the Women's business, the Women's Accessory businesses, never got the real estate it deserved. This is really a stake in the ground and the customer reaction has been not only exciting, but reinforces that strategy. So new stores in Asia, new stores in Europe and our portfolio in the U.S. will be viewed with an eye towards that kind of distortion level.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Kate McShane with Citi Investment Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: My question is on Club Monaco, which still seems to be doing extremely well. And I wondered, with all the conversation around e-commerce, if you could discuss a little bit how that e-commerce business is doing and what the further plans are for distributing Club Monaco in the U.K. beyond the ground distribution.
Roger Farah: So Club Monaco has had a spectacular year. Through the first nine months, they continued to registers strong double-digit performance. Much of that has been on an extraordinary women's performance. So in a marketplace where women's has not been as buoyant over the last 12 months, Club Monaco has really struck a chord with their customer. And I think, if you've been in the store, their fashion look, the fit and the quality are all resonating with that customer. We're also getting strong performance from our large network of stores in Asia with the same products. So today, Club Monaco in the United States and Club Monaco in Asia has the same kind of products, and it is resonating very well. Additionally, this holiday season, we saw men's come on. So where men's was lagging a bit, it really picked up momentum into the holiday season, and we're pleased with the way that product is performing. So we're sticking our toe in Europe this month with a unique partnership with Brown's, and we are partnering with our European management to bring Club Monaco properly to Europe over time. And I think we'll hear more about that strategy as it unfolds. We regularly have Europeans coming into the United States asking us to bring Club Monaco and its sensibility to Europe. And we think that's a real opportunity as well. The third leg of that stool will obviously be to get Club Monaco from a commerce point of view online and not just informational. We think that there will be a high demand, and we're working with our in-house e-commerce team to make sure we're properly positioning them to participate in that part of the growth. So for us, it's international, not dissimilar to the Ralph Lauren strategy, direct to customer through e-commerce. And I think as we've now seen the product consistency and the customer reaction, we feel more comfortable with our response, which is a more integrated growth strategy. So that, I think, will be an important part of our success going forward. So with that, I know we've run a little long. We apologize, we started a little late. It's been an extraordinary quarter and nine months. Hopefully, some of the noise and shifts between quarter, we've tried to explain. But in the end, I think we're tracking to a year that is in excess of where we started at the beginning for all the right reasons. And we're obviously very excited about the new growth opportunities by product category that Jacki talked about or obviously the whole Asia-Pacific region, which we'll continue to talk about on every call. So thank you for your interest and appreciate you spending a little extra time with us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance James Hurley - Director of Investor Relations Roger Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director
Analysts: Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Omar Saad - Crdit Suisse AG Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's First Quarter Fiscal 2011 Conference Call. The agenda for the call today includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on broader strategic initiatives. And then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the first quarter, in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2011. After that, we'll open the call up to your questions, which we ask that you please limit to one per caller. During today's call, we'll be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. We are reporting terrific first quarter results today with consolidated sales up 13%, operating profit increasing nearly 50% and our diluted EPS rising approximately 60%. With better-than-expected sales and gross profit margins in addition to disciplined expense management, we delivered very strong profit flow-through. We experienced broad-based improvements across all base business segments and in most major merchandise categories. And the profitability of our wholesale and retail segments is at or near historic high levels. In our Wholesale segment, global sales increased 11% in the first quarter. Sales and profit trends were particularly strong in the United States and in Europe, where we are clearly gaining market share. This is especially true for the Polo Men's Sportswear brand. Our Lauren apparel merchandise also had a strong season across most product categories, a result of our key item merchandising initiatives. Emerging product categories such as footwear and dresses continue to benefit from expanded distribution and productivity gains at existing locations. Internationally, our European wholesale performance was good throughout the region. Japanese trends were somewhat softer, a function of market dynamics and our proactive measures to ship less wholesale inventory into the department stores. Building on our wholesale momentum, Lauren handbags will be available in 150 of the top North America department store doors and on ralphlauren.com in less than two weeks' time. National advertising campaigns to support the launch will run in several September magazines. Our teams have developed very compelling iconic merchandise, with price points that range from $150 to $400. We believe we are offering excellence in design and value to the customer. Of course, we've sold three seasons' worth of merchandise before the end consumer has even seen the first product, so we will update in November how the early deliveries are received by the consumer. At our Retail segment, consolidated same-store sales were up 7%, reflecting excellent growth in all markets except Japan. Club Monaco's performance was especially noteworthy since it's 25% comp was supported by broad-based improvements in all key performance indicators. And ralphlauren.com continues to deliver outstanding results, growing 15% during the quarter. We're in the final stages of launching e-commerce in the United Kingdom in early October. The launch is really a first step in a broader European rollout that is expected to include several other countries over the next few years and will eventually include Asia. The development of international e-commerce will allow us to reach a meaningfully larger audience than we are able to do with brick-and-mortar stores only. Of course, we continue to open brick-and-mortar stores in strategic locations worldwide. During the first quarter, we opened a magnificent new Paris store on Saint-Germain. There are several events in advance of the opening of that store that allowed us to reinforce to the customers the luxury lifestyle aspects of the Ralph Lauren brand. Store sales have been trending well ahead of expectations, and accessory performances have been particularly strong. This is our third store in Paris, but more than 70% of the customers shopping there are totally new customers to us. The momentum we have coming off the Saint-Germain opening builds this Fall as we're prepared to unveil two global flagship stores in New York City. One is a new 40,000 square foot structure that will allow us to showcase an expanded assortment of Women's apparel and accessory products, as well as our home collection merchandise. The second is the renovation of the existing Rhinelander Mansion, which will become exclusively Men's Apparel and Accessory Products. We've worked for several years to develop this multi-store flagship complex, which also includes our two children's stores on Madison Avenue between 71st and 72nd street. We are very excited to be able to appropriately present the breadth and scope of the world of Ralph Lauren in such a comprehensive and impactful way. Expanding and elevating our international presence is one of our highest strategic priorities. The best example of executing on this is the evolution of Europe, which has grown dramatically over the last several years and where we continue to gain market share. And despite the considerable news flow of economic and consumer instability throughout Europe, we had an excellent Spring season with our Men's, Women's and Children's products across most countries and channels of distribution. We believe there is still considerable growth opportunity for us in Europe as we introduce new brands and merchandise categories into the market. Two weeks ago, we announced that we will assume direct control of our distribution in South Korea beginning on January 1, 2011. Assuming control of South Korea is another important milestone in our broader Asia growth strategy. Once that transition is made, we will fully control our distribution throughout Asia, arguably the fastest-growing consumer market in the world for luxury goods. It enables us to directly operate all of Asia with greater consistency across all markets and channel in a manner that is more closely aligned with our global brand positioning and objectives. Today, with our brand sales across Asia at approximately $850 million, concentrated primarily in Japan and South Korea, our long-term goal is to have the region represent 1/3 of our global sales, which implies significant growth from its current levels. We've been working on this goal progressively over the last several years. We started by taking control of our Japanese operations about three years ago. Since then, we've made major strides in enhancing the organizational capabilities of our operations. In the context of challenging department store trends, we are gaining market share and we're meaningfully improving our profitability. Seven months ago, we assumed control of our operations in eight Asian countries, most notably China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. As many of you know, we've since built a Hong Kong-based hub that is not only meant to support our current and rather modest distribution in this newly transitioned countries but also to act as a platform for transformational growth throughout Asia. With South Korea coming on board, we will be assuming a customer base that has been developed over the last 12 years. The market currently represents $230 million in revenue through a network of 175 shop-in-shops and five free-standing locations, making it the third largest single country for us in terms of sales volume. South Korea has developed strong appreciation for our iconic lifestyle sensibility, and we are excited to build on this success, leverage best practices as we grow our presence and build brand awareness in other parts of Asia. The first quarter results are strong by any measure, and we achieved this performance even as we intensified our investment in strategic growth initiatives across channels, geographies and merchandise categories. The operational discipline of our global teams and the robust sell-throughs with we consistently referred to over the last several quarters, delivered excellent margins and yielded incremental market share opportunities for us. As we assess the outlook for the rest of the year, there's no question the overall operating environment remains uncertain. Traffic trends are lacklusters and consumers are still being selective with their purchases. A strong value orientation continues to prevail, and the mood remains subdued as evidenced by the recent decline in consumer sentiment. In Europe, the overwhelming belief is that economic growth will continue to slow. Wholesale customers remain conservative with their initial orders in the United States. Foreign exchange rates are dynamic and cost of goods inflations are substantial challenges that begin to merge for us in the second quarter and are expected to persist the remaining of the year. They are key drivers in the difference between our first quarter results and our full-year expectations. In spite of these external challenges, we are confident in our ability to execute against our strategic objectives for the balance of the year. Our portfolio of brands and products and exceptional merchandise strategies allow us to be responsive to market dynamics in a manner that is consistent with our goal of elevating and protecting our brands. The importance of trusted brands and compelling product is critical, and our unique competitive advantage in this area has enabled us to continue to perform at a high level around the world. There's no better proof of this than our first quarter results and really, our performance over the last couple years. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tracey.
Tracey Travis: Thank you, Roger, and good morning everyone. For the first quarter, consolidated net revenues were $1.2 billion, 13% greater than the prior-year period and in line with the expectations we outlined for you in May. The growth in net revenues reflects double-digit gains for our Wholesale and Retail segments that were partially offset by lower Licensing revenues. As a reminder, Japanese concession shop sales and profits, which had previously been reported in our Wholesale segment, are now included in our Retail segment along with our newly acquired Asian concession shop business. Our press release and financials related to the press release reflect the impact of this change in our Japan segment classification, both for the current quarter and the comparable prior-year period. The net negative impact of currency translation on our total reported revenue growth for the first quarter was less than 1%. Our gross profit rate increased 310 basis points to a record level of 61.8%, reflecting improved profitability across most major merchandise categories and geographic regions, primarily as a result of continued disciplined inventory management and higher full priced selling, as well as favorable geographic product and channel mix. Continued savings from our sourcing and supply chain initiatives also supported our gross profit margin expansion in the first quarter. The broad-based improvement in the first quarter gross profit rate was a significant driver of our outperformance relative to our expectations on our last call. Operating expenses in the first quarter were approximately 11% greater than the prior-year period. The higher operating expenses reflect incremental costs associated with newly transitioned Asian operations and continued investment in our strategic growth initiatives, such as European e-commerce, new store openings and infrastructure support. Despite this higher level of investment spending, we were able to achieve 70 basis points of operating expense leverage during the quarter as a result of strong sales growth and continued core business expense discipline. Our ability to leverage operating expenses was another important driver of our outperformance relative to our first quarter expectations. Operating income for the first quarter was $174 million, 49% greater than the prior-year period. Our operating margin also showed considerable improvement, expanding 370 basis points to 15.1%. The growth in operating income and expansion in the operating margin rate reflect improved profitability across all channels of distribution and most geographies and was partially offset by incremental expenses associated with the business expansion. Net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2011 increased 57% to $121 million and net income per diluted share rose 59% to $1.21 compared to the prior-year period. The growth in net income and net income per diluted share principally relates to the higher operating income I just discussed, as well as a lower effective tax rate of 29% compared to 33% in the first quarter of fiscal 2010. The lower tax rate this year reflects the favorable resolution of discrete tax items in the quarter. Regarding our segment highlights for the quarter. Our Wholesale segment sales increased 11% to $523 million. The increase was supported by double-digit shipment growth in the U.S. and in constant currency in Europe. From a product perspective, shipment of our core Men's, Women's and Children's apparel merchandise were particularly strong during the quarter as were domestic shipments of Polo and Lauren branded footwear. Our first quarter wholesale operating income rose 41% to $108 million and the wholesale operating margin expanded 440 basis points to 20.6%. The substantial improvement in wholesale operating income and margin rate were primarily a result of higher global shipments and improved Wholesale segment gross profit rates, a function of strong sell-throughs at retail supported by continued inventory discipline, favorable product mix, particularly with basic stock replenishment merchandise, and continued sourcing and supply chain benefits. Expenses during the quarter, including investments for strategic initiatives such as handbags, were leveraged with the higher overall segment sales. For our retail group, first quarter sales rose 16% to $593 million, reflecting incremental sales from newly assumed stores and concession shops in the Asia region, solid comparable store sales growth and the contribution from newly opened stores. Overall comp store sales increased 7%, reflecting a 2% decline at Ralph Lauren stores, which was primarily a function of lower Japanese sales and increased 8% at factory stores and an impressive 25% increase at Club Monaco stores that was accomplished with the support of a strong Women's and Accessories assortment. Ralphlauren.com sales increased 15% this quarter. The growth in Retail segment sales is particularly noteworthy as the comparable prior-year period included Easter, which shifted this calendar year into our fiscal fourth quarter 2010 results. Our 7% comp growth was primarily achieved through higher average dollar transaction values mostly due to greater full price selling activity. Traffic to our U.S. stores was essentially flat with the prior-year period, and urban markets and key tourist destinations continue to outperform the average comp trend. In Europe, our retail concepts benefited from an increase in transactions in addition to higher average dollar per transaction sales. European factory store performance was particularly strong across regions during the quarter, and Japanese factory store sales grew at a strong double-digit rate. Sales for our newly transitioned Asian stores and concession shops demonstrated progressive improvement throughout the quarter. We continue to learn about the unique characteristics of each of our regions in terms of customer taste and preferences and are evolving our merchandise allocations to better address the needs of each market. During the first quarter, we opened eight directly operated freestanding stores and closed five stores, ending the quarter with 355 company-operated stores. We also operated 293 concession shop locations throughout Asia at the end of the first quarter. Our Retail segment operating income grew 50% to $104 million in the first quarter, and the retail operating margin increased 400 basis points to 17.5%. The substantial improvement in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate comes as a result of broad-based profit improvement across most retail concepts, particularly in the U.S. and in Europe. Sales growth and reduced markdowns due to a continued focus on aligning inventory levels with sales trends were the primary drivers of the improvement, which was partially offset by incremental expenses related to our newly assumed Asian operations. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $38 million, 8% below the first quarter of fiscal 2010, primarily due to the transition of formerly licensed Asian operations and lower home Licensing revenues. Operating income for our Licensing segment declined 7% to $24 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and investments and $801 million in net cash. Inventories were up 3% from the prior-year period, inclusive of the incremental inventory to support the nearly 100 newly transitioned Asian concession shops and stores and the 12 net new stores we added over the last 12 months. Excluding the incremental Asian inventory, consolidated inventory declined 4% in the first quarter of fiscal 2011 compared to the comparable prior-year period last year. For the last 12 months, our return on equity was 18% and our return on investment was 35%. We spent approximately $39 million on CapEx during the first quarter to support our new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. We also repurchased $2.7 million shares of stock, utilizing $231 million of our current authorization. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $319 million remaining under our authorized share repurchase program. We are very pleased with our first quarter results, recognizing that in the first quarter of last year, we were still experiencing negative comps due to challenging retail traffic trends. Our profit performance reflects the operational discipline of our organization, particularly as we continue to invest in strategic growth initiatives this year. The trends have been better than we initially anticipated back in May, and this momentum supports our commitment to continuing to invest for long-term growth. During the remainder of fiscal 2011, we will be managing the launch of our U.K. e-commerce website and the launch of Lauren handbags. We will also continue to manage startup of our Hong Kong-based operations while assuming the additional start-up of the South Korean operations. Due to the additional investment related to these startups and the sales and distribution build required for our new products, new channels and new geographies, these initiatives won't have an immediate positive impact on profit this year. However, we do expect them to be meaningful future contributors to profit growth for the company. In this morning's press release, we provided our updated outlook for the year. Apart from the continued momentum we are experiencing for our core business, there are a few important differences between the first quarter trends and our expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2011. The first is an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact, which will depress reported sales and gross profit margins. Another is the evolution of our consolidated Asia strategy, which will result in some near-term deleveraging of operating expenses in order to pursue the considerable sales and profit potential we expect from this region over the long term. And we continue to anticipate cost of goods inflation relative to rising labor and raw material costs in the latter part of our fiscal year. For the second quarter of fiscal 2011, we currently expect consolidated net revenues to increase at a high single-digit rate. Our expectations are based on a low single-digit increase in global wholesale sales, which reflects continued growth in the U.S. and in constant currency in Europe, that is partially offset by meaningful negative currency translation and the decline in wholesale shipments in Japan to better align with sell-through trends in the department stores. For our Retail segment, we currently expect mid-single-digit comps, which also reflects softness in our Japanese store concession sales due to sales trends and reduced clearance inventory. The negative impact of foreign currency translation on our reported sales is expected to be most dramatic during our second quarter. Our operating margin for the second quarter is expected to be 100 basis points to 150 basis points below that achieved in the prior-year period. This decline is a function of both gross margin pressure, due almost entirely to foreign exchange impact, and incremental expenses and reduced profit associated with our various Asian investment initiatives, inclusive of Japan. Costs associated with preparing for the transition of the South Korean operations are expected to be diluted by $0.02 to $0.03 in the second quarter. Partially offsetting the dilution is continued growth in the U.S. and Europe in constant dollars, as I mentioned previously. For the full year, fiscal 2011 period, we expect consolidated revenues to increase at a mid- to high single-digit rate, led by our Retail segment and partially offset by a high single-digit decline in Licensing revenues, which primarily reflects the impact of our assuming more direct control over certain geography. Included in our expectations is approximately 150 to 200 basis points of net unfavorable currency translation impact on our sales for the full year fiscal 2011 period. As a reminder, our outlook for fiscal 2011 is for a 52-week period and compares with fiscal 2010's 53-week period. The fourth quarter's extra week of sales and profit will not be anniversaried. Based on the first quarter's better-than-expected profitability and in spite of higher investment spending and uncertain global economic trends that we expect to impact us for the remainder of the year, we have raised our outlook for the full fiscal year. We now expect to achieve a low-teen operating margin rate in the fiscal 2011, up from our prior expectation of low double-digit operating margin rates. Our outlook still assumes a decline in operating margin from fiscal 2010's level, and that's primarily due to gross margin pressure and unfavorable foreign currency. The negative impact on our gross profit margin attributable to exchange rate dynamics is estimated at approximately 100 basis in each of the remaining quarters of fiscal 2011. We also continue to manage cost of goods inflation, particularly as it relates to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, a function of rising raw materials, labor and freight costs as well as tightened factory and freight capacity, which could limit our flexibility in our global supply chain. Accelerated investment in our growth initiatives, most notably in Asia, international e-commerce and flagship stores is also expected to weigh on our full year operating margin rate. Dilution related to the transition of South Korea is estimated at approximately $0.08 to $0.10 per share in full fiscal 2011, reflecting the impact of transaction expenses and other costs associated with the transition of the business. Most of the anticipated South Korea dilution in fiscal 2011 is one-time in nature. We continue to expect a fiscal 2011 tax rate of 34%, primarily due to the anticipated geographic earnings mix for the balance of the year. We will continue to manage our business with operational discipline, while making what we believe are the right investments to create additional shareholder value over the long term. We are pleased with the progress we have made with our strategic growth initiatives thus far, and we are excited about the many milestones fiscal 2011 will bring on that front: the expansion of handbags, integration of Asia and the launch of European e-commerce. And with that, I'll conclude the company's remarks and open the call up for your questions. Operator, would you assist us with that, please? Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Omar Saad from Crdit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Crdit Suisse AG: I actually wanted to follow up on the SG&A comment that you made on the call, and looking at the numbers it actually looks like the leverage that you referenced, probably the first time you leveraged SG&A in the last couple of years. And pretty exciting for us to see from an investor standpoint. I know you've got a lot of initiatives still going on. But is this something we should come to expect going forward? Kind of broader term over the next couple years, when do you think you'll kind of start to be able to cycle some of the heavy investments that you've been making and generate kind of longer-term sustainable leverage in that area?
Tracey Travis: I don't think that we will expect, balance of the year, to see the kind of leverage that we saw in the first quarter. Obviously, our sales performance in the first quarter drove a portion of that leverage. And the calendarization of some of our expense initiatives also affects us more heavily in the second through fourth quarters than they do in the first quarter. So it's certainly our goal as we make investments and strategic initiatives to maximize on those in future years and leverage SG&A. We have seen that on prior investments and so we do expect to see it in the future. But the balance of this year will be a challenge from an SG&A leverage standpoint, given some of the initiatives that we have in place.
Operator: And our next comes from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: With the 61% gross margin and some of the comments that you made around sourcing cost pressures, can you maybe give us some insight in terms of how you're thinking about pricing and the margin over the next 12 months with those pressures?
Roger Farah: Yes, I think, Bob, that the concern we called out in the May call and we've continued to talk about is based on our experiences with the various manufacturing partners we have around the world. Raw materials, if you start with that, be it cotton or wool or any of the raw materials, have seen meaningful jumps from last year at this time; although on some levels, last year's was somewhat depressed. But still, the this year-last year comparison is worth note. Second issue is really the labor situations, whether it's the real Cut, Make and Trim or the scarcity of labor that is going on around the world as a result of capacity reductions and perhaps rising labor in countries like China. And then the third piece would be the transportation around the world. I think we're going to see that slowly rising as the year goes on, but the real impact will be most critically felt in the spring merchandise, which for us will be fourth quarter. We've looked at global pricing, whether it's in Asia, Europe or the United States, and where appropriate, we've been willing to take some price increases. But we're very mindful of the economic conditions and a skittish customer. And really, there's no way we're going to take the full cost of goods increases and pass them on. So it's a merchandise category, and item carefully thought through by region is the way we're looking at it, and that would really come into play for spring calendar '11 and on. And again, I'm not sure how everybody else is treating these increases, but that's our point of view.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Clearly, an impressive quarter overall. Roger, I was just wondering if you could help us think about, in the quarter, there was a lot of intra-quarter volatility as it related to the market performance, currency. Perhaps give us your thoughts in terms of intra-quarter. Any trends you're seeing across channels, across geographies, the change? And then maybe a segue into, given the Ralph Lauren comps down two, it sounds like much of that deceleration related to Japan. If you could help us think about and provide some color how trends were x Japan?
Roger Farah: Sure. Adrianne, we spent a lot of time recently not only on the budgets for this year but the quarter-by-quarter outlook. And one of the conclusions we've reached upon reflection on the first quarter results is, the extraordinary performance that you've noted was really driven by the core businesses in constant currency really outperforming. And I think the headline on the quarter is not the things we identified that might be short-term drags, didn't drag down. The answer is they did. It was really the core businesses outperforming either our competitors or own expectations that powered us through the quarter, whether it's retail or wholesale, whether it was online, whether it was Ralph Lauren product or even Club Monaco, which had an extraordinary quarter as you can see. It was the core businesses that we've invested and managed so carefully over the years outperforming and the new initiatives keep going. So whether it's the start-up of handbags or the start-up of e-commerce, whether it's the start-up of Asia and now our very exciting announcement over Korea, all of those short-term impacts actually occurred. It was the core businesses outperforming. Now the only business that I would say didn't outperform were the Ralph Lauren stores, although the number we reported, which is a blend of Ralph Lauren stores and concession stores in Japan is a little misleading because the concession business in the department stores in Japan was down. And really worldwide, the Ralph Lauren Store business was up in the single digits. So it's really a rolled-up number that is a little misleading. But we are seeing the high-end customer in apparel stay more cautious than the customers in other product categories and other channels of distribution. I think based on what I'm seeing around, the high-end accessory customer has perhaps come back a little stronger than the high-end apparel business. So we're very mindful of that as we head into the Fall selling and are watching that very carefully.
Tracey Travis: And the only thing I would add to that is the foreign exchange impact in the first quarter was minimal. It is expected to ramp up as I mentioned before, pretty significantly in the second through the fourth quarters, given the currency exchange last year, particularly for the euro, which is a mixed impact for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank: So I want to maybe touch on the wholesale revenues and then ask you a quick follow-up on the operating margins. But what's the wholesales -- the wholesale revenues have come in maybe a little bit below where you guys thought for a couple of quarters in a row.? And the guidance for the second quarter looks like a pretty good inflection point in the two-year growth rate and I'm seeing the inventories are starting to build a little bit for the first time in a while. It seems like you have pretty good confidence in that number going in this time but then I just look back and see maybe it's coming a little bit short of where you're hoping for. So maybe you can just talk about what's different in your confidence now in the growth rate you gave for the second quarter today? And then following up just quickly on the operating margins, also there it seems like you guys updated your guidance to be low teens from low-double digits, so maybe a couple of percentage point increase. But since first quarter you're also adding in some operating costs related to Korea so it seems like x Korea, you're feeling maybe a little bit better than the improved guidance would imply. Maybe you could give us some detail on, x Korea, some of the moving parts as you're thinking about the SG&A spend for the year?
Roger Farah: Okay, Michael, let me make sure I remember all that. I'm going to ask Tracey to pick up the second part of your question. As to the first part, it is clear to us that the retailer continues to be very proud of themselves, for managing inventories carefully and seeing margin recoveries as people have reported spring and Summer results. I think you've all seen that. I think that's also led them to continue to be more cautious about, open to buys going forward than probably the sell-through and the results would indicate. However, as I said to Adrianne, we did have a very strong by-brand, by-merchandise category performance for spring. We do believe we're taking share in many of the major categories. And while the retailer is being cautious and some of that sales this spring was based on [ph] chase (52:21) product or reorder product or replenishment product, we are beginning to feel better about the retailer putting a little more open-to-buy on the table up front. I believe it's probably coming from some other part of their assortment, so they are not incrementally adding a lot to their total inventory, but I think we're picking up share. We have reasonable visibility through Fall, holiday and beginning to develop more visibility into spring. So we are feeling better about that in the domestic business and the Europe business. As you know, most of Asia today is not run through the wholesale model, so that's more a function of how our stores will perform over there over time. So net-net, coming out of spring, Summer, we're feeling a little more bullish than maybe we did halfway through the spring and I think we're picking up some share.
Tracey Travis: And to your other question, and I would address it both from an SG&A standpoint and a gross profit standpoint, the balance of the year incorporates revised thinking as it relates to some of the supply chain and sourcing savings that we've been able to achieve in the prior year and certainly in the first quarter and a moderating of that more quickly than what we had anticipated before, as well as the newer outlook on Japan, in light of our planned reduced shipments to make sure that we are aligning our inventories with the sales trends in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Naughton with Piper Jaffray.
Sean Naughton - Piper Jaffray: My question is on Europe. Obviously, Europe has been a source of significant trepidation for many investors and companies, as you mentioned earlier. Maybe you can talk about some of the strengths and weaknesses you may have seen by geography? I think specifically in the last call, you talked about the U.K. and Scandinavia had remained relatively strong and Italy was showing some signs of stabilization. So any updates on those areas would be helpful.
Roger Farah: Okay. I think you're right. We continue to hear difficult economic news out of Europe, although the last couple weeks or months have shown some signs of stabilizing as people better digested the issues in Greece and some of the other countries. But as a headline statement, our business, I think it's fair to say, has outperformed the marketplace. We do have excellent management and excellent strategies that are operating very efficiently. But it continues to be a story of, some countries are softer, i.e., Italy and Spain, although there's been a little bit of a pick-up in Spain recently. And the more northern and central countries have outperformed, be they France, Germany, the U.K. or Scandinavia. And that's remained pretty consistent through the spring season. The Italian business particularly is based on specialty store distribution. And those specialty owners, after several years of difficult conditions, are really people that have to manage tightly their own personal cash flows and we've got to manage the credit risk. So I think we'll see turbulence in the Italian market for a while until that market gets better macroeconomic results. So overall, strong results in Europe powered by those big countries. We've also seen a return to key markets like Russia, like the Middle East, like Istanbul, which are all running strong increases versus a year ago when that business got particularly banged around. So very pleased with the results out of Europe, particular strengths in Men's wear, strong seasons in Women's, kids and jeans and improving and growing business in Lauren, where we distributed Women's product for the first time there a couple years ago and we're beginning to get some nice traction. So that's really the summary of Europe. And I think the Paris store opening, while you could say is specifically Paris, I do believe the marketing, the advertising, the brand focus did have a halo effect not only on all of the French market but really across the Western countries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Lee with Morgan Stanley.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Roger, can I follow up on your commentary in terms of gaining share within the department stores. Where do you think that share is coming from? Clearly, you guys have strong brand equity, but is it also a function of just your logistical capabilities as you go into the Fall that's helping to gain that share? And then quickly, Tracey, on the revenue guidance for the year, does any of the increase have to do with perhaps a more constructive FX outlook given where the euro is today?
Tracey Travis: Well I'll address the currency question. It is a slight impact in terms of the improvement but not significantly, just given how our calendarization flows. But it is a slight part of the improvement, you're correct.
Roger Farah: Let me try to take on the department store share. I think as a starting point for this, you have to look at what the stores did in response to the contraction over the last two years, where they eliminated perhaps smaller brands, more marginal brands as a compelling proposition to the customer. Certainly, they've been growing private label. So I think it created an opportunity for all Polo Ralph Lauren products that we are so carefully managing from a product and merchandising point of view. And our responsiveness, I think we've been very good at responding to consumer trends on much shorter lead times than perhaps in the past. So I think the overall brand equity, as we continue to raise our global profile, we continue to make investments in things like e-commerce and/or 72nd Street. That brand elevation, I think, makes the product even more appealing to a department store customer who's buying a piece of a lifestyle dream through those products in that channel. And the teams are very carefully going merchandise category by merchandise category, looking for distortion opportunities with appropriate products. Our ability to sell through at more full price sell-throughs, which allow the stores to make higher margins, our sales to square foot, which in some cases are two or three times the department average. So obviously, the gross margin dollars per foot are extraordinarily different than our peers' or competitors'. I think all of that's playing out to our advantage. Even in a channel that's experiencing low single-digit growth, I think we're picking up share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Chen with Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: I wanted to ask about South Korea. Being your third largest country, what is the product assortment currently like under the distributor and how might you evolve it? Is it highly concentrated in sportswear like Japan was? Is it more Men's? Is it more Women's? And what changes might be 
Roger Farah: It's an interesting question, Christine, because we've been working on trying to get South Korea back in the fold for a while, and therefore have spent a variety of market visits. And not unlike other licensed international territories, their orientation has been to Men's Casual Sportswear. And the $230 million that we talk about is heavily oriented towards that product, and it does remarkably well. There is definitely an opportunity in that market to develop other product categories over time to much more important positions. Whether it's Women's, whether it's kids, whether it's Accessories or denim, they are very tilted towards casual Men's Sportswear. And what we observed in our multiple trips there is that South Korea is also a major shopping mecca for the Chinese. And the Chinese are very smart about arbitraging price throughout the region and throughout the world. And so getting the brand to be consistent to what they see in a Paris or what they've seen in a New York or what they're going to see in a Tokyo, Hong Kong, Shanghai, in Seoul, Korea and other parts is critical, we think, to support the network not just South Korea. But it's a distorted country. As we've said, it's the third largest single country in the world for us. And so our ability to, starting January 1, begin to move the assortments to a more elevated, tiered and broader merchandise category, we think is one of the real exciting opportunities of Asia-Pacific.
Operator: And our last question comes from Brian McGough with Hedgeye Risk Management.
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: So I have a question on e-commerce. So since you bought that business back from JD, I think it's established itself as being one of the most successful online businesses in retail. I think it's around 10% of retail revs but a far greater portion of profits. And I don't mean to back you into a corner here on specific numbers, but if I'm looking at retail overall, and I allocate corporate, account for reasonable margin over outlets, you can almost make an argument that the [ph] inline (1:03:29) and the flagship and Club Monaco aren't making a whole lot of money, which would either strike me as just a huge opportunity or a decision on your part to make more restructural trade-off in between the in-store profits versus online. So could you give us just a little bit of color, Roger, how you're thinking about that from a long-term vantage point as far as how you trade off one versus the other?
Roger Farah: Yes, it's a good question, and the reality is that e-commerce for us has been extraordinarily successful, and I appreciate you acknowledging not only the content of it but also the economic contribution e-commerce is making. It's one of the reasons that we're so excited about the Europe launch. We expect to learn quickly and then move out through the rest of the countries there. That's why I said on my opening remarks that we will research and then figure out how we want to do business in Asia and Japan. It's also why you read today a lot of pundits talking about 70%, 80% of the future growth in retail could come out of e-commerce, as a general headline. So the fact that we're 10 years into this, we've got a very talented team, it's important to us, we've figured out not only the front end but the service equation and commit to very high standards, gives us a lot of encouragement. It also is relatively low capital investment compared to brick-and-mortar stores. And therefore, if you get it right and you get the necessary infrastructure right, it's really about keeping up with the technology and the ability to stay current with customers' expectations or in fact lead them with some new ideas, which we've done. The other interesting aspect of e-commerce is, it is been proven that its impact across channels, whether our wholesale channel or our own retail channel, is compelling. So you would not be wrong in saying that as we go forward, focus on retail will have a heavy component of e-commerce. I don't think it replaces doing appropriate brick-and-mortar retail, and I think our challenge will be, by market, to figure out the mix and the ROIs and the how to reach customers and what the messaging will be. But there's no doubt that e-commerce from here on out will grow in its penetration through retail, and in fact will grow in its penetration to our total distribution strategy and should provide very nice profit returns and ROI returns as we expand and open around the world. There are obviously some start-up costs opening in Europe and there will eventually be in Asia, but I think our willingness to stay with this business in the early years and figure it out, for a single brand site that has distribution around the world, I think it's been a remarkable success for us and we're going look to grow that as a percent of our total business and particularly retail. So with that, I think we've concluded the first quarter remarks. I appreciate the support and interest on all of your parts. First quarter was clearly beyond our expectations, and we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our call for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-05-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley  Investor Relations  Roger Farah  President, Chief Operating Officer Tracey Travis  Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts: Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital Kate McShane - Citi Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs David Glick - Buckingham Research Michael Binetti - UBS Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Christopher Kim - J.P. Morgan 
Operator:  Good morning and thank you for the Polo Ralph Laurens fourth quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir.
James Hurley:  Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on Polo Ralph Laurens fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2010 conference call. The agenda for the call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; and then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the fourth quarter, in addition to reviewing our initial expectations for fiscal 2011. After that, we will open the call up for your questions which we ask that you limit to one per caller. During todays call we will be making some forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws including our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah:  Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. Were pleased to be reporting outstanding fourth quarter and full year results this morning, results that exceeded our expectations on virtually every operating metric and that reflect significant broad based progress across products, channels and geographies.  The year was filled with some tremendous milestones for our company, including major strides in our international growth objectives as we assumed direct control of important Asian operations; made considerable progress with our accessory development efforts, retailing our first watch collections and having our first market for Lauren handbags; and we prepared for the opening of several important flagship stores in key global markets. And in spite of this high level of reinvestment back into our company, we substantially improved our profitability with gross profit margins expanding 380 basis points to a record annual level of 58.2, and earnings growing 18%, all during a period of considerable global turbulence that represented some of the most challenging issues our industry has ever had to face. And our fiscal 2010 results are not a function of easy comparisons. They come on top of gross profit margin expansion and EPS growth in fiscal 09, which was yet another outstanding year for us considering broader market conditions and our sustained level of investments back into our business. There is no question that this remarkable performance was, in fact, years in the making. It comes as a direct result of our selective investment in the consistent seeding and sequencing of our strategic growth initiatives, where we are leveraging efficiency gains in certain areas of the business to support growth opportunities in other areas; diversifying our operations on multiple levels in terms of brands, products, channel distribution and geography. Of course our results also reflect the strength of our brand, the desirability of our products, and the intense proactive operational discipline that runs through our organization, from supply chain and logistics to other corporate functions, as well as to our strategic merchandising initiative and meticulous, store level management. The fourth quarter dynamics also suggest something of an inflection point of change in the marketplace. Worldwide, we are seeing our core and luxury customers returning to the stores with an openness to spend. While they are not spending at pre-recession levels, and they can be focused on value, they do recognize that product availability is limited. And there is no price resistance on unique or novel items. We also saw things get progressively better every month during the fourth quarter, and the rebound has been most pronounced in our womens products. Urban and tourist destinations are outperforming stores that cater to more regional or local customers. The dedication and hard work of our teams around the world are the other critical ingredients of our success. During the last 90 days, we have traveled to Europe, Asia and the Middle East and met with our teams. Their drive for excellence and desire to raise the bar on their own performance is inspiring. I believe our performance over the last two years and in particular fiscal 10 demonstrates the unique competitive advantage for us, our organizations care about every single detail of our business, and work to maximize each and every opportunity and/or challenge. We are managing a tremendously complex and multifaceted mosaic across an astoundingly disparate disciplines, but we are united in our goal of elevating our brand, communicating our rich heritage and core values of quality, consistency, honesty and teamwork. There is no better evidence of this than our newly opened Saint Germain flagship in Paris. This project was several years in the making and is our boldest brand statement to date, heralding a new era for us in France, across Europe and around the world. The store represents the culmination of tremendous progress our company has made over the last decade, from the balance of mens and womens merchandise, the breadth of product categories available, the powerful accessory presentations and the incredible restoration of this historic site. The richness of the Ralph Lauren brand and its unique lifestyle sensibility is accentuated further by Ralphs, a restaurant housed within the store that has fast become one of Paris chicest restaurants. The store is a true destination that reflects the excellent work of our European team that has repositioned our brand so meticulously over the last decade, resulting in a customer who understands the quality and value of our products. In Europe, the fashion expectation of our customers is higher than that in the United States, and we see this across all brands from Collection to Lauren to Polo Jeans. As weve highlighted in the past, our performance in Europe has been spectacular over the last ten years, when weve grown revenues five fold, and the momentum continues to be with us. Notwithstanding the recent economic turmoil, we have a diverse, balanced, long-term growth strategy throughout the region, with early stage opportunities across brands and product categories. With only 20 directly operated and 8 licensed Ralph Lauren stores, and 24 factory stores, there is clearly room to expand our direct-to-consumer reach throughout Europe. And an exciting new evolution in our European growth strategy this year is e-commerce. Based on the success of RalphLauren.com in the United States, and the growing importance of this channel worldwide, we intend to launch e-commerce capabilities in Europe beginning with the UK this fall. We expect other countries to follow over the next several years. There is no question that the customer around the world increasingly wants to shop online, and those who do tend to be more valuable customers for us, particularly if they also shop at our brick-and-mortar stores. While our European e-commerce initiative will be managed in market, we are leveraging our RalphLauren.com team in the United States, and our existing technology and distribution partners, to help insure a successful launch. Although the investment we are making will be dilutive in the near term, we are excited about the long-term sales and profit potential of international e-commerce. It is consistent with our overall strategy, and we have had spectacular success with RalphLauren.com sales and profit in the United States, and we can use that as a benchmark. Given our commitment to the Asian expansion, we are studying how and when it makes sense for us to launch e-commerce capabilities there. In Asia, our primary focus and concentration will be in two countries, Japan and China. As you are all aware, the Japanese economic market and retail remains challenging. The once seemingly insatiable appetite for easily identifiable luxury products has evolved into a value oriented customer with more sophisticated and individualistic mindset. We believe the scope of our various brands and products, supported by the broad iconic vernacular of the Ralph Lauren brand, present us with the unique opportunity to address these cultural changes and to grow in this market. We are already experiencing proof of our convictions across various channels of distribution in Japan, where performance at the Omotesando store, at our concession shops and at our factory stores, is outpacing industry trends, a dynamic that is maintained since taking back control of the market three years ago. The profitability of our Japanese operations has also improved in the same time period. Our Japanese teams have done an excellent job with clienteling, innovative marketing and merchandising initiatives, and are consistently receiving strong editorial coverage in leading fashion publications. Our department stores have taken notice, and our near term focus is on strengthening our partnership with major department store operators, to work together to elevate our distribution, enhance merchandise presentations including new shops for Black Label, and accessory products in strategic locations. Even though apparel sales in Japanese department stores are contracting, the reality is theres still a lot of footsteps walking through the door and they are generating very high absolute sales and productivity levels, and we know we can effect change. It will clearly take time for us to realize our goals in Japan, and we will need the economic environment to be more supportive for us to do so, but we are confident the customer receptivity is ultimately there. Beyond Japan, we completed our first quarter successfully operating several new transition to Asian markets, greater China being one of them. As you know, we spent much of fiscal 2010 building a world class organization of over 700 employees, and putting in a new infrastructure to support the transformational growth our company expects in the long-term. With the leadership team in place, our strategy now focused on several initiatives, including training our employees, particularly our new sales associates, in our brand standards; refining our understanding of the customers tastes and preferences; accelerating of distribution of various channels and product categories; and elevating our visual presentation of assortments as we layer in new categories. We will simultaneously be supporting all of these efforts with advertising, marketing and public relations initiatives to evolve our brand awareness in the region. Ralph and senior members of our executive leadership team recently toured Southeast Asia, where we met with various constituents including employees, manufacturers, real estate developers and others. Now that we have control of our distribution and the stores are looking better, our goal in elevating the brand has immediately become more tangible. We all came back incredibly inspired by our tremendous growth potential in this important, emerging region. Today we directly operate 17 freestanding stores, which are primarily concentrated in Hong Kong; 75 concession shops, which are concentrated in China and Taiwan; and licensing partners operate an additional 34 concessions, primarily in China and the Philippines. We are managing and servicing all of these points of distribution seamlessly, which is no small feat considering the unique characteristics of a concession based selling, where we are offering fresh product locally that sell through at high velocities and really are supported with very small stockrooms. Our brand elevation and distribution expansion plans are well underway. Since assuming control of the region, we have opened several new concession shops and two freestanding stores, one central mall located in the new MGM Grand Casino in Macau and another in the New Peninsula Hotel on the Bund in Shanghai. These stores are our first proper luxury presentations in the region, with a balanced mix of mens and womens product and an emphasis on accessories, Collection, Purple Label and Black Label merchandise. These stores not only help to educate the consumer about who we are as a brand, but they also create excitement in the real estate community among developers who are looking for new and compelling concepts to support their growth. We actually had several of the Asian real estate developers tour our new Paris store so they could fully appreciate the global scale of our brand development efforts. Beyond greater China, our focus on the rest of the newly transitioned countries will mostly be on driving better productivity in existing doors through stronger assortment and shop refurbishments. While we certainly expect to grow our sales in this new part of the world at a double digit rate in the near term, it will take a few years for this region to become a significant driver of our consolidated sales and profit. It takes time to find, build and open new locations and our advertising and market efforts will begin in earnest once we have a more developed distribution network. This cadence is consistent with our experience in Europe, which has obviously helped develop us into a large, highly profitable region, one where our brand image is impeccable and we have considerable growth opportunities in front of us. In the United States weve seen a dramatic rebound in the customer trends compared to last year. As I mentioned earlier, it is the core luxury customer and the return of the international tourist traveler that are driving much of the improvement. The aspirational customer remains cautious and has not returned to the stores in any meaningful way. Nevertheless, our products are performing strongly across channel and categories, given the enduring value of our brand and the exceptionally focused and strategic merchandising initiatives. This applies to Club Monaco too, as you can see in their strong comps, which far outpace those of most specialty apparel retailers during the fourth quarter, thanks to its compelling womens assortment and the revitalized mens offering. Across our brand portfolio, the U.S. consumer is selectively replenishing basics and adding newness to their wardrobe.  We think with our potential in the U.S., given the breadth of our existing distribution, we expect growth to come primarily from sustained market share and productivity gains. We also have new and emerging product categories that are offering compelling incremental opportunity, the most substantial being with accessories. We had an encouraging response to our first market for Lauren handbags during the quarter. Our team has developed a truly iconic and differentiated assortment that incorporates a broad range of silhouettes, in keeping with the lifestyle orientation of the Lauren brand. The versatility and functionality of the product has garnered accolades from our wholesale customers and fashion editors alike.  The Lauren handbag product will initially be available in approximately 150 of the best North American department stores and select e-commerce sites beginning in August, with additional distribution already being planned for holiday and beyond. Key price points range from $150 to $400, and the introduction will be supported with product specific advertising, both at the national level and in conjunction with our various wholesale partners. We are excited about the growth potential of our Lauren handbags, particularly in light of the great success of the Lauren footwear. Clearly, 2010 ended in a very different place than we could have imagined when we were building our plans a year ago. Remaining steadfast in our commitment to investing in our long-term strategic growth initiatives was absolutely the right thing to do. The consistent planting and harvesting of our various growth opportunities enabled us to manage through the toughest environment and drive strong earnings growth. The talent and discipline that have guided us through these challenging times remain intact as we look to the tremendous potential the future holds for us.  There is no question that the broader market conditions remain uncertain, from European debt concerns to exchange rate fluctuations, inflationary pressures on cost of goods and the persistent high unemployment. And while these issues will likely have an impact on our near term results, I believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from any recovery in the global macro environment and their conditions, particularly as we continue to opportunistically invest to support sustained, long-term growth and shareholder value creation. This is a strong, vital organization with a track record of success, and there is no better evidence of that than our fiscal 2010 results. With more than $1.2 billion in cash and investments, and net cash more than doubling from fiscal 2009 levels, we are reinvesting back in our business, buying back stock, reducing our debt and we still entered fiscal 11 in exceptional condition. With this as a backdrop, we are planning an aggressive acceleration of our investment in growth in fiscal 2011. We are seeding a new crop of opportunities with investments we are making in new flagship locations, in our support of Asia and with the growth of international e-commerce. Our organization has never been stronger and our mission has never been more clear. And as Ralph said in this mornings release, we are all inspired by what the future holds for us. Now Id like to turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operational highlights of the fourth quarter, as well as our outlook for fiscal 2011.
Tracey Travis:  Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. For the fourth quarter, consolidated net revenues were $1.3 billion or 9% above the prior year. The growth in revenues reflects strong, comparable store sales growth for the companys retail segment; an extra 53rd week of sales due to our April 2nd fiscal year end; and incremental revenues from newly transitioned Asian operations that were partially offset by a modest decline in wholesale revenue. The net positive impact of currency translation on our reported revenue growth for the quarter was slightly below 2%. Excluding the 53rd week, which happened to be Easter week for us and represented approximately $70 million in sales, consolidated net revenues for the fourth quarter increased 3%. Our gross profit rate increased substantially, rising 720 basis points to a record 59%, reflecting disciplined inventory management; improved product mix across all channels; reduced markdowns in our retail stores; and continued supply chain savings. Operating expenses in the fourth quarter were approximately 4% greater than the prior year period. The higher operating expenses reflect the incremental costs associated with business expansion, including our newly transitioned Asian operations, as well as higher incentive compensation accrual.  Operating income for the fourth quarter was $172 million, 58% better than the prior year period, when adjusting for fiscal 2009s impairment and restructuring charges. Our operating income also showed considerable improvement, reaching 12.8% from an adjusted 8.9% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. The improvement in operating income and margin rate is primarily attributable to the improved gross profit rate. Net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 increased 32% to $114 million from an adjusted $87 million in the prior year period. And net income per diluted share rose 31% to $1.13 from an adjusted $0.86 in the prior year period. The growth in net income and net income per diluted share principally relates to the higher operating income I just discussed, that was partially offset by higher taxes this year compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 when the company actually had a net tax benefit. Before I discuss the segment level performance, Id first like to provide you with a brief recap of how our actual results exceeded the previous expectations we outlined for you back in early February. Generally speaking, the upside was broad based, although the largest portion came from the strong performance of our retail segment worldwide, where both comparable store sales trends and the gross profit margin were substantially ahead of our expectations, especially in the United States where we experienced improved traffic trends, higher full price sales conversion, the return of some of our tourist customers, and outstanding dot com performance. Our domestic and Japanese wholesale operations also delivered stronger sales and profit contribution.  The dilution associated with our newly transitioned operations was in line with the $0.08 to $0.10 per share we provided you in February.  Before I begin the segment highlights for the quarter, as you read in this mornings press release we are now reporting our Japan concession shops sales and profits, which had previously been captured in our wholesale segment, in our retail segment. This reclassification essentially affects about half of our sales in Japan this year. We made this change in our operating reporting results to better reflect the direct selling, expense and inventory ownership dynamics of the concession model, particularly since it is also an important channel for our newly transitioned Asian operations. You can see that this reclassification had no impact on our previously reported consolidated sales, margin and net income or EPS figures. Now moving on to our segment highlights for the fourth quarter, lets begin with our wholesale division, where sales declined 3% to $736 million, reflecting lower global apparel shipments that were partially offset by higher footwear sales, particularly for our mens Polo brand. While aggregate shipments were down, we experienced progressive improvement from the third quarter, which reflects a more stable environment among our wholesale customers worldwide. Consistent with what weve observed over the last several quarters at retail, our core apparel products continue to outperform overall store and department trends, and we experienced favorable basic stock replenishment trends across many product categories. We transitioned to spring a few weeks early and smoothly across most product categories, and the iconic appeal of our focused merchandising strategies has helped to drive our relative outperformance. We also had incremental distribution related to our new RLX Active Apparel line and to our Winter Olympics merchandise, both of which were well received. Chaps exceeded sales plans and American Living continues to generate solid sell throughs on reduced inventory. In Europe, we continue to experience broad based strength at key accounts across the region, with notable growth in France, Germany and the UK, and signs of stabilization in Italy. In Japan, our mens business remains very strong, albeit on a relative basis. And we experienced improved trends for our womens Blue Label and Black Label products during the quarter.  Our fourth quarter wholesale operating income was $183 million, and the operating margin rate was 24.9% or 280 basis points greater than the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. The higher wholesale operating margin rate was primarily a result of improved wholesale segment gross profit, a function of product mix, particularly with the basic stock replenishment merchandise and stronger footwear margins; supply chain benefits and disciplined inventory management. In addition, focused expense management helped to offset higher costs related to business expansion and new product development initiatives. For our retail group, fourth quarter sales rose 31% to $554 million, reflecting a substantial increase in comp store sales at our freestanding stores worldwide; the benefit of a 53rd week of sales, which again being Easter was a high volume week; and the contribution from a newly assumed Asian store and concession shop business. Higher RalphLauren.com revenues also contributed to the fourth quarters strong retail segment growth rate. Overall comp store sales, which are presented on a comparable 13 week to 13 week basis, and include reclassified Japanese concession shops, increased 16%, reflecting 17% growth at Ralph Lauren stores; a 9% in factory stores; and a 29% increase at Club Monaco stores. RalphLauren.com sales increased 39% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. Comp growth was primarily achieved through higher average dollar transaction values, mostly due to greater full priced selling activity and significantly reduced clearance inventory levels. Traffic to our U.S. stores declined modestly during the quarter, although strong gains among international tourists partially offset the lower level of activity among domestic customers. The momentum at RalphLauren.com was supported by double digit growth in traffic and a higher conversion rate, thanks to strong merchandising assortments and interest in our Olympics related merchandise. Easter selling was also strong on RalphLauren.com. And at Club Monaco, expanded on trend fashion assortment support broad based gains across all womens categories.  In Europe, geographic trends at our Ralph Lauren stores remained consistent with those we have articulated over the last several quarters, with the UK and Scandinavia remaining strong and some improvement in Italy. European factory stores have maintained their broad based strength across regions. In Japan, comp trends at our Omotesando flagship store and at our factory stores were quite robust and clearly out performed the broader retail market. Our concession shop performance was also noteworthy, particularly for our mens products. As expected, sales for our newly transitioned Asian stores and concession shops were somewhat inhibited by a lack of access fall holiday clearance inventory for most of the fourth quarter, although we are pleased with the current product sales mix for spring, which is better aligned with our strategic brand initiatives. During the fourth quarter we opened three directly operated freestanding stores, closed two directly operated freestanding stores and assumed control of 16 freestanding stores in Asia, ending the year with 350 company operated freestanding stores. We also operated 281 concession shop locations throughout Asia, mostly Japan, at the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. Our retail segment operating income was $18 million compared to an adjusted loss of $28 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. The market improvement and retail segment profitability reflects the substantial increase in comparable store sales and gross profit rate at all of our freestanding stores worldwide, primarily as the result of higher full price sales and lower clearance inventory as mentioned previously, as well as the disciplined operational management.  The favorable profit margin dynamics of RalphLauren.com also contributed to improved retail segment profitability. Partially offsetting the retail segment profit improvement were expenses associated with our newly transitioned Asian operations.  Licensing royalties for the quarter were $47 million, equivalent with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, as higher domestic product licensing revenues were offset by a decline in international and home licensing revenues. However, operating income for our licensing segment increased 36% to $34 million, reflecting lower net costs associated with the transition of former licensed Asian operations to directly controlled operations. With approximately $1.2 billion in cash and investments, and $940 million in net cash at the end of the year, which is more than double fiscal 2009s level, our financial condition remains strong. The fourth quarter ended with inventory down 4% from the prior year period, and that does include the inventory associated with our newly transitioned Asian operations and the eight net new stores we added over the last year. Our return on equity for fiscal 2010 was 18% and our return on investment was 33%. Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2010 was $907 million, 17% greater than fiscal 2009, reflecting higher net income and improved working capital management. We spent approximately $201 million on CapEx during fiscal 2010 to support new retail stores, shop installations and infrastructure investments. During the fourth quarter we repurchased 1 million shares of stock at an average price of $78, utilizing $78 million of our current authorization. For the full year fiscal 2010 period, we repurchased approximately 2.9 million shares of Class A common stock, utilizing approximately $216 million of our authorized share repurchase program. And at the end of the fourth quarter, we had approximately $550 million remaining under our authorized share repurchase program, inclusive of a new $275 million authorization recently approved by the companys Board of Directors, that we announced in this mornings earnings release. We are obviously very pleased with our strong fourth quarter and full year results. The operational management and financial discipline that characterizes our company has enabled us to maximize sales and margin opportunities to mitigate the impact of the global recession in a remarkable manner.  There are, however, a few macro economic dynamics that present some considerable challenges for us in this fiscal year. One of the most impactful is currency exchange rates, particularly for the euro. Comparing yesterdays 1.22 euro per dollar rate to the average 1.4 rate we experienced in fiscal 2010, which is a 13% decline, there is obviously a substantial translation impact. Based on our geographic sales mix, we currently anticipate approximately 250 to 300 basis points of negative currency translation on our sales, a portion of which will flow through to profits for the full year fiscal 2011 period, with more pronounced pressure related to exchange rates in the back half of the year. There is an additional and approximately equivalent amount of unfavorable transaction exchange rate impact on our operating profits in fiscal 2011. Another profit headwind is higher sourcing costs, which we are beginning to experience with rising raw materials; freight and labor expenses; as well as tightened factory and freight capacity in our global supply chain. Historically we have generally been successful in our efforts to contain cost of goods inflation, although we appear to be up against the perfect storm in the back half of fiscal 2011, particularly with our spring 2011 merchandise deliveries.  As Roger mentioned, given the resilience of our performance and our strong financial condition, we intend to accelerate our investment in our strategic growth initiatives during fiscal 2011, particularly with our international expansion and direct to consumer efforts. We expect to incur higher expenses as a result. Among these is incremental costs associated with our newly transitioned Asian operations, which will be most pronounced in the first half of this year. Our investment in new flagship stores around the world and the launch of international e-commerce are also expected to be dilutive in the near term. In this mornings press release we provided our initial outlook for the year, which Id like to review with you now. For the first quarter of fiscal 2011, we currently expect consolidated net revenues to increase at a low double digit rate. Our expectations are based on low, double digit growth in global wholesale shipments, with increases across all major regions, and high single digit comps which now include our Japanese concession shop locations on a comparable basis. As a reminder, revenues for our newly assumed Asian operations are primarily reported in our retail segment, and those will be incremental sales compared to the prior year period. Our operating margin for the first quarter is expected to be modestly above the 11.4% achieved in the prior year period, with gross margin improvement being mostly offset by higher operating expense de-leverage related to the continued investment in our various strategic growth initiatives across geographies, distribution channels and emerging product categories. For the full year fiscal 2011 period, we expect consolidated revenues to increase at a mid single digit rate, led by our retail segment and mitigated by a low, double digit decline in licensing revenues, which clearly reflects the impact of our assuming more direct control over certain product categories and geographies. As a reminder, our revenue growth outlook for fiscal 2011 is for a 52 week period and compares with fiscal 2010, 53 week period. We currently expect to achieve a low, double digit operating margin rate in fiscal 2011, the net effect of gross margin pressure that is more back half weighted and a modest de-leveraging of operating expenses that is more front half weighted, as we are currently forecasting a modest leveraging of our operating expenses in the second half of the year. Our fiscal 2011 tax rate is expected to be 34%. Again as a reminder, our fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010 tax rates were advantaged by the favorable resolution of certain nonrecurring discrete tax items that we do not expect to have this year. The higher level of investment that is flowing through the P&L is also reflected in our capital spending plan. We are planning approximately $280 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2011 to support our retail, wholesale and infrastructure investments and initiatives that Roger and I have outlined on this call today. About half of our capital is allocated for 15 to 20 new stores and shops including a new 30,000 square foot flagship location to showcase our womens and homes Collection merchandise across from the Rhinelander Mansion on 72nd and Madison Avenue in New York City. We are simultaneously renovating the former Womens and Home store at the Mansion to accommodate additional mens merchandise, including Double RL. We believe this expanded square footage for our mens, womens and home products allows us to properly showcase the breadth and scope of the world of Ralph Lauren in a manner that will resonate globally. Much of the incremental capital investment versus fiscal 2010 is also concentrated in Asia, and for our global infrastructure. In fact, our capital spending in Asia is forecast to double this year in order to support our expanded distribution. As we have indicated before, a growing portion of our capital investment over the next several years will be allocated to international markets. Id like to reiterate that we are making this high level of reinvestment back in the business because we are confident it will deliver appreciable returns over the long-term. Our conviction stems from the success weve had with this strategy in the past, and especially in light of what we have been able to achieve over the last two years and our reporting on this call this morning. Weve had a lot to tell you thus far. At this point wed like to open up the call for your questions. Operator, can you assist with that?
Operator:  Yes maam. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Omar Saad - Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Roger, I wanted to ask you about the decision to accelerate kind of the SG&A investment in the business globally. You know, what gives you the confidence to do that now, especially given some of the speed bumps were seeing in Europe? And does that higher SG&A investment and capital investment, is it balanced globally? Is it more in Asia than Europe? Do you look at this as an opportunity to be investing in Europe, given the little bit of turmoil that were seeing over there?
Roger Farah: Yes, its a good question, Omar, and before I answer it let me just say we know our prepared remarks have run a little longer because we had a lot to talk about, but it was year end. So well try to stay on the call a little bit extra time to make sure we get in as many questions as we can. To specifically answer your question, Omar, I think you heard us talk about even in a difficult environment, we generated over $900 million of operating cash flow this year. So to bump up the capital from $200 million to $280 million, for us is still a very cautious statement about the use of funds, and we think is justified given our long-term strategies to develop two-thirds of our business outside the U.S. versus the approximately one-third it is now. In fact, you know Europe has its ups and downs and Asia has its ups and downs and so does the United States, to be fair. But the things were choosing to spend on, which are systems technology, infrastructure, logistics and distribution as a base, and then on top of that, shop in shops, freestanding stores or other direct-to-customer initiatives, we have to believe are the right long-term strategies to get at these opportunities. Do we try to move them around globally or sequence them a little bit differently, given our own point of view about the next two or three years in the market? The answer is yes. But I think you can count on us for the next couple of years to spend at higher levels of capital, with more than half of that going into the international markets. And given our track record, which says we have an ROI north of 30% consistently, I think weve done a good job of earning against those investments. So its going to take a little bit more than the current headwinds to slow us down meaningfully, but well try to be thoughtful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  My question relates to the wholesale business. I guess when we spoke earlier in the quarter it seemed as though you were looking for some improvement in that business and a return to positive sales trends more for the holiday period, and it seems like thats happening a little bit earlier. So can you just sort of add some context there and what youre seeing?
Roger Farah: Yes. I think that when we talked at the last call in February, I think we sequenced over the 12 months sort of what happened in the past and what were seeing going forward. Its fair to say that our product has sold through well at retail and we continue to enjoy good market share gains this spring. So while the retailer is cautious, and I think has fallen a little bit in love with this lower inventory level improves their margin scenario, and I think theyre looking for manufacturers to be able to chase and react or replenishment a little bit more than up front buy than they did in the past, we are beginning to see some opportunities to get incremental wholesale business, somewhat offset by the currency exchanges that Tracey talked about. Because as you know, a lot of the wholesale business in Europe at least at the moment will be flying into a pretty significant exchange rate issue. But under the heading of worldwide reaction weve had terrific mens business and we seem to be picking up share. The Lauren business has gained strength as weve gone through the year. Were enjoying a good spring in kids. Weve had tremendous growth in some of our new businesses like footwear and dresses, and thats part of whats giving us a good feeling about the Lauren handbag launch thats being carefully done and will be available for sale in August. Were all very anxious to see how the customer reacts to that product. We think it looks good, the retailer thinks it looks good, and theyre obviously buying several seasons out already. So we think that is an opportunity for us in a sort of non-comp wholesale business. So I think the retailer is cautious. I think theyre going to continue to look to speed up their inventory turns, but we are trying to maximize every opportunity where appropriate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital.
Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital:  The question that I have is its also on the wholesale business but can you talk a little bit about the European wholesale segment versus domestic? And I was wondering if youd be able to size up sort of the countries within the European business for you.
Roger Farah: The biggest markets for us in Europe in a wholesale manner continue to be Italy, France, Germany and England. Spain which has been large has suffered with the very high reported 20% unemployment, although every time I go there they tell me that thats not really the unemployment, thats the published number. But nevertheless in rank order those would be the highest countries; France, UK, Germany, Italy and then Spain. And I would say from a performance point of view, France, UK, Germany have been the best performing countries with some of the southern tier markets being more difficult, including Spain. We dont do that much business in Portugal, but Spain, Italy and some of the southern tiers. Some of that is the macro economic issues there and some of it recently, quite frankly, has been affected by this volcanic cloud which has dramatically altered the tourist patterns in Europe, both in and intra Europe, both people who were caught or who are concerned about being caught. So theres a huge slowdown in the last month or six weeks based on that and tourists destinations. But fundamentally, the wholesale business again and a constant currency measurement is holding up nicely. Were seeing increases in most of the core brands.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate McShane  Citi.
Kate McShane - Citi: In your guidance for the retail comps for the rest of the year, are you incorporating an increase in traffic or is it just a higher average dollar per transaction like you saw this quarter?
Roger Farah: Our current comps and I think Tracey had touched on it or weve talked about it so much I thought she touched on it, are really seeing less footsteps quite frankly in our brick-and-mortar stores with a higher average sale and a higher conversion rate. So those customers that are coming in were converting more of them to a sale and were getting a higher sale from them. And weve modeled really until proven otherwise, thats the rest of the year in the Ralph Lauren format. Club Monaco is experiencing higher traffic, higher conversion and higher average unit sale, and I think you could tell that in the 29 comp that we just reported on a comparable calendar basis is extraordinary. And thats really just great product. We are seeing online increased traffic. Its not really footsteps. I guess thats not the vocabulary you use, but we are seeing growth in customer there and higher average unit sale. And I think thats reflected in the 39% comp that we reported for online. The other piece of it, which you didnt ask but I think is interesting is, the relatively small amount of crossover between the online shopper and the brick-and-mortar shopper. We continue to watch this carefully. We continue to try to educate ourselves about how this is unfolding. And while were learning a lot and its got a little bit of movement in it, its probably less than you would instinctively believe. The other piece of that that I find interesting is that about 25% of our traffic on the site is coming from international customers who are not able to shop but are going through the website for information and product knowledge, and that is giving us some encouragement for our launch later in the fall with e-commerce in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Roger, you know, you just saw you reached a peak gross margin in the quarter and as you discussed were still seeing a value oriented customer; youve got some sourcing issues in the back half; and yet youve, you know, help us balance it out with the category opportunities, the geographic mix shift. How should we think about longer term where gross margins make sense as you stay relevant to an evolving customer and capitalize on markets and categories that potentially are more profitable?
Roger Farah: Adrianne, Im actually disappointed that your question wasnt revolving around your trip to Paris and our new store opening. I was expecting an eyewitness report from you about the restaurant and the excitement of the opening. But nevertheless.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  I was even in Shanghai, too.
Roger Farah: Well, I wont say youre stalking us, but I was looking for a little more positive feedback from on the ground reporting. But let me answer your question. We have absolutely made a dramatic sea change in the way goods are sourced and moved around the globe. And we were just talking with our board the other day. In the last ten years weve raised our gross margins 950 basis points, so this is not really a one year spike to either a quarter record or an annual record, quite frankly. This has been a strategic weapon that weve had as a company year after year, brick after brick. And with the number of brands and the complexity and the 85 countries we ship to, this absolutely turned into a key differentiator. Having said that, last year because of the worldwide slowdown there were some unique opportunities in availability of production or raw materials or transportation that allowed us to accelerate the margin beyond even our plans or expectation. They are not a function of us raising prices; they really are a function of us elevating quality but managing cost of goods and then obviously the merchandising initiatives and planning initiatives help the sell throughs which reduce markdowns. So going forward, our belief is we are not looking to pass on cost of goods increase to the customer. We dont think the market at this point is looking for that, particularly with customers still wanting to think about a value purchase.  So we will be facing, as Tracey talked about, cost of good increases in raw materials and transportation more because capacity has been taken out of the marketplace. There are planes in the desert being mothballed and there are ships sitting idle, and so the ones that are working are looking for increases as those people are looking to repair their margins from the devastation of the last two years. But our long-term margin objectives are to maintain the highest quality of service level, but maximize the gross profit potential. Over a ten year period, that has been a very important part of our economic success and it has allowed us to generate incremental profit that we have used to reinvest back into the business and take on a lot of other initiatives. Weve developed expertise in product categories that in the past, many people thought we couldnt do like womens or footwear or now accessories, as we were labeled very narrowly a mens company. And I think thats proven obviously not to be true. So as we look to take on production in Japan, which obviously was put out third party when it was licensed, or we take on the production of Asia or new product categories like Lauren handbags, I think gross margin and gross margin expansion over a long-term is something we focus on. However, in the short run, there are some real headwinds as we look to price the back half of the year, and well just have to deal with it. But I dont believe were going to be able to look to pass that on to the consumer. I think that would be a short term decision that would be a long-term mistake.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Glick - Buckingham Research.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Roger, a couple of category questions and then Tracey, a question on FX. Its exciting to hear about the progress youre making in womens apparel, which I know has been a long haul and proving the business. I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on whats driving that and roughly speaking, what the order book looks like. Youre seeing some increases in that business in the United States primarily. And then the home business were starting to see improvement in some other retailers and suppliers. Im just curious what the challengers are there and the opportunities. And then Tracey, if you could help us on the flow through of your, it was helpful on the sales end but what type of operating margin flow through from that negative variance in sales due to currency should we expect? I mean typically your flow through seems to be lower than some of your industry peers. Should we assume maybe 5 to 10% flow through on earnings and also a little bit on your hedging strategies would be helpful.
Roger Farah: Well, let me see if I can take the product issues and then Tracey can take FX and some of the rest of your extended questions. You know womens as a category had been tough for a couple years as I think the female customer was bouncing back and forth between career and casual, and I think some of the sense of more women working at home needing less casual clothes, maybe not the fashion trends that stimulate buying. I think were beginning to feel that the womens business is not only strengthening at retail, but across multiple price points. So whether its the higher end business or whether its the Lauren business or quite frankly for us, the Club Monaco business, you know, a product thats a little sexier, a product thats a little more feminine, a product thats a little more novel; all of which seem to be getting a good reaction from the customer. Also, you know, the business which had migrated mostly to casual and denim, were seeing strengthening in more the wear to work product. Some of thats coming through in dresses, where the woman has now for several years accepted the dress as a viable alternative. And some of that is coming through in more polished products. So you know were encouraged, because thats a big business that the industry has struggled with. And although I think prices have been sharpened and I think theres a real consciousness about value at any of those prices, you know, the glut of inventory is behind the industry; there is more product scarcity; I think thats allowing people to command more original retails, and I think thats all healthy. So as we head into fall and into the back half of the year, we are expecting that to continue. Ive also seen some of the reports about the home trends thats encouraging. Thats another business that has trailed for some number of years. Some of that is embedded in the housing starts and the problems in the mortgage markets. Some of its been those generally are bigger ticket decisions and those have been deferred. Some of the disruption in the market with some major retail chains going out of business and liquidating inventory, I think, have depressed that market. But I think as the channel has settled down and as the consumer has delayed purchasing, were beginning to see at retail some signs of that customer looking for some fresh fashion. Whether its freshening a master bedroom or whether its redoing a dining room or whether some of the firming in the real estate values is causing people to freshen their homes, we are seeing that begin to happen and were encouraged. I think wed like to see more of it over a longer period of time, but for now, it does seem to be firming and thats a good sign. Tracey, you want to?
Tracey Travis: Yes, and in terms of your question on the translation impact for the first quarter, youre right, David, we typically dont see 100% flow through. Were seeing a little bit higher flow through this quarter and this year because of hedging results, which was your other question and Ill talk about that in a moment. So about 50% of the sales decline from a rate standpoint would impact us on an operating income basis as it relates to foreign exchange.  We also, I think as youre probably aware, hedge a number of different things. The biggest thing that we hedge is inventory purchases and we hedge those anywhere between six and eight months out, primarily for our European business. But we also do hedge European product for our U.S. business. And given the rate that those hedges were taken out relative to where the euro was currently trading and what we expect to settle those transactions at, we also will have a transaction impact. So the foreign exchange flow through is impacted by that hedging the transaction impact as well as the translation impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Binetti  UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS: Your comments on Japan were interesting. I think in recent quarters we heard you guys comment you might pursue more of an owned retail strategy in that environment if you didnt see an improvement in the overall retail environment through your current distribution. It sounds like your comments today could mean youre seeing sufficiently better trends at wholesale and the strategy may be shifting back a little bit in your minds towards focusing on maybe investing, you know, shifting that investment back to the department stores there. Is that a fair assumption? Is that how you guys are thinking about that market?
Roger Farah: I think yes, with a little modification. I would say the following. Finding a key, Im going to use the word flagship locations in the handful of key cities in Tokyo is extremely difficult, so those opportunities dont come around every day and theyre not easy to find. But we do have our eyes and ears open for something thats appropriate. We do believe in Japan we will have a network one day of our own specialty stores, but were trying to get our arms around the existing distribution network, the in shop presentations which as Traceys talked to you about the conversion into concession models really means were buying the goods; were staffing the stores; were outfitting the shops; and were responsible for the inventory. So we are learning daily about the Japanese customer through that network of hundreds of stores, and I think we will eventually take that learning and use it to complement our own network with that. Separately, perhaps a higher priority is our own network of stores in the Asia Pacific region, including China, Hong Kong and some of the countries where there is not a robust department store channel and we will have to build our own network of stores over time in order to get the infrastructure supported and the distribution that were desiring. So I would put it a little lower on the priority of freestanding stores in Asia Pac, and I would put it a little bit under the heading of learnings now that were running these businesses vertically in Japan until we translate that into store locations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: I just have a clarification question on the guidance. Tracey, it sounds like youre looking for SG&A de-leverage in the first half, modest leverage in the back half. So is it fair to assume that what really gets us from what was closer to mid teens operating margin this year to a low double digit rate in fiscal 11 would be primarily the gross margin compression you guys may be potentially looking for? And a related question is, are there any supply chain efficiencies or initiatives underway that we should be looking for that would incremental to the gross margin for fiscal 11?
Tracey Travis: As it relates to the components of the P&L, yes, the primary portion of the [free] decline this year is gross profit. There is some de-leveraging full year as well from an SG&A standpoint, but the bulk of it is the gross profit decline. You know as it relates to the supply chain initiatives, I think Roger spoke well about the fact that we really maximized some unique conditions in fiscal 2010. In addition to some of the things that we had described probably three quarters ago that we had started in fiscal 9 related to our work with transportation operators that we work with in terms of consolidating shipments and really trying to manage more efficiency into the supply chain, shifting from air to ocean and continuing that process. So we really maximized a lot of that opportunity in fiscal 2010. Some opportunities for that in fiscal 2011, but not nearly to the extent that we saw in fiscal 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Wondering if you could talk about the product assortment in your concession shops in Japan and the rest of Asia. I know that when you had first taken over Japan you said it was highly concentrated in sportswear. Has that mix evolved since then? And what about in China and Hong Kong and Taiwan, etc.?
Roger Farah: Okay. The concession assortments are really presented in a classification and category way, so we have a mens Blue Label sportswear shop in a store, we may have a mens Black Label sportswear shop in a store; well have a womens Blue Label shop in a store, maybe a womens Black; well have a kids concession store. So really unlike our own stores where we integrate and mix brands around Ralphs vision, the department store business in Japan and Asia at the moment, and the concession locations, are very much one brand oriented. And then within that, theyve been very much key items, basics and commodity items.  So our first step in the process is really to represent a broader range of offerings and fashions in those categories. We will then try to get some of those shops repositioned to get better adjacencies to where the brand is today versus where it might have been ten years ago, when some of those locations were invested in. And we will try to add to that higher end products which traditionally have not been well represented in Japan or Asia Pacific in general. So its an upgrading of fashion content; its an upgrading of price points; were not going to walk away from the core items or the core basic, but well give them slightly less visual representation and up the brands [clotion] of fashion and movement. I think weve felt that the business has looked a little static in that part of the world as licensees historically pursue the most simple product and the basic products. Well wrap around that over time ongoing efforts to elevate public relations and marketing, which we think are critical. One of the interesting facts that we received when Ralph and I and the rest of some of the senior management team were in Asia, is how consistently we heard customers there getting their brand and product information from the Internet. And so part of the connection for us in moving our brand in Asia over time will be the ability to communicate to the customer through the online experience. And I think that will be a high focus for us as we try to remix our brand face in that market and how to get that message out. You can get that message out online a lot faster than regional magazines or billboards or regional newspapers or any other media, so thats an important learning for us as we try to go forward.
Operator: Your last question comes from Christopher Kim - J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Kim - J.P. Morgan: My question is on your inventory strategy. You know, you mentioned that I guess the lack of inventory was a nice driver in terms of a lack of pricing resistance. With this double digit restocking trend in wholesale, wanted to get your views on pricing and what looks like the rising inventory environment. Any color I guess on where you have a little more direct control at retail and how youre planning the business there would be great.
Roger Farah: Okay, let me see if I can perhaps slightly reframe that. I believe that the last 18 months difficult environment has caused all retailers, whether theyre internal to Polo or whether theyre our wholesale partners, to be more cautious about inventory planning and to be focused on trying to sell through more at full price and turn the inventory faster. I think that is a piece of what every retailer today is looking to do. That then has to be coupled with appropriate sales planning, because if your sales exceed your plans, youre going to be caught short of inventory and obviously if you miss sales youre going to be hung with product that needs to be marked down. So I think whats happening is, from point of manufacture to ordering to delivery, theres a lot of pressure on the entire supply chain to be very precise about the level of inventory and the sell throughs. Our inventory, despite a sales increase, is down and another one of those facts that we sort of tumbled on to over the last ten years weve added $3 billion in sales and we only have increased inventory by $110 million at Polo Ralph Lauren. So thats a startling piece of our management effort, that it only took us $110 million more inventory ten years later to add $3 billion of sales. So I think were all getting smarter, I think were all getting more demanding and I think we know that what we cant do is give the customer excess inventory to pick through at discounted prices because based on her prior experience, if they continue to believe thats possible, theyre going to wait and wait and wait until the products are marked down. So, I think our partners are being more careful, I think were being more careful, and I think that puts pressure on subjects like replenishment or chasing hot product, if its possible; if theres raw materials and availability of production; but most of the wholesale models were not built on large amounts of that. So this is something thats just beginning to evolve as perhaps a longer term trend, which will put pressure on the up front ordering and put more pressure on the supply chain to chase demand dictated by the customer. So at this point I appreciate it. Im sorry to have run 15 minutes late. I just thought the fourth quarter and the full year deserved a little fulsome conversation. Hope weve had a chance to answer all your questions. Thank you for your support. If youve got follow up questions, Jim and Tracey can attempt to answer them during the day. Its been an incredible year for us. Were very proud of it and the results we achieved, and were very mindful of what the next 12 months hold for us in terms of challenges. So, thank you for listening.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Roger Farah  President & COO Tracey Travis  CFO James Hurley IR
Analysts:  Omar Saad  Credit Suisse Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners Robert Drbul  Barclays Capital Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs David Glick  Buckingham Research Christine Chen  Needham & Company Jeff Klinefelter  Piper Jaffray Michael Binetti  UBS Chris Kim  JPMorgan 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) And now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir.
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's third quarter fiscal 2010 conference call.  The agenda for the call today includes Roger Farah, our President, and Chief Operating Officer who will give an overview of the quarter and comment on broader strategic initiatives. Then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the third quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2010.  After that, we will open the call up for your questions which we ask that you please limit to one per caller.  As you know, we'll be making some forward-looking comments today including our financial outlook. Our expectations may contain any risks and uncertainties. The principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah : Thank you James and good morning everyone. We reported strong third quarter and year to date results this morning. Year to date our profits are at a record level despite operating in the worst economic environment since the Great Depression and weve exceeded our own expectations on all operating metrics.  Weve been able to achieve this level of performance even as weve intensified our investment and our long-term strategic initiatives, which for the first nine months of the year include building an entirely new organization in Hong Kong to support our growth aspirations through Asia, investing in important new flagships in New York, Paris, and Greenwich, Connecticut, and developing a host of exciting new products.  We ended the third quarter with more than $1.3 billion in cash and investments with net cash more than double last years level and we continue to reinvest in our business, buyback stock, and reduce debt.  Of course we benefit from having exceptionally strong product and strategic merchandising initiatives. As Ralph said in todays release, customers appreciate our [unwavering] commitment to quality and innovation and which are defining characteristics of our company. This brand and product excellence coupled with superb worldwide execution by the team has allowed us to succeed. As much as our third quarter and year to date performances reflect the day to day operational excellence of our teams, they are also a result of many years of careful planning, investment, strategic decision making that sometimes have a negative short-term impact, but they have ultimately made us stronger and more profitable organization. We would not be in the position we are today without these years of preparation and execution. Two years ago when the first signs of global financial crisis were emerging, we made a decision that our foremost priority was to protect our brand and our profits. We executed this be developing focused merchandise strategies and calibrating our global shipment volumes with the expected customer demand trends.  We supported our efforts further by exploring supply chain initiatives that would allow us to capitalize on certain efficiencies without sacrificing quality or service levels. The net result of our actions have been strong retail sell throughs of our products across channels, the benefit of which you see reflected in the 470 basis point improvement in our gross profit margins during the third quarter and the 270 basis point improvement for the full year.  Both of which are on top of a margin expansion last year. Across the board our core products have exceeded their sales plans on significantly reduced stock and tightly managed receipt flows. We achieved this level of profitability while remaining absolutely true to our luxury brand positioning. There arent many brands in our company or industry that could make a similar claim. Our retail performance during the third quarter is particularly noteworthy, we experienced a dramatic change in our worldwide same store sales trends with comps rising 6% after falling 7% in the first half of the year. And RalphLauren.com maintained its double-digit growth rate.  Our tiered multichannel approach through our direct to consumer operations is a strategy that continues to serve us well and by any measure we had a strong holiday season. The decisions we made to adjust our merchandising assortments to accommodate the new customer mindset in addition to taking significant costs out of the business, helped drive the operating profitability of our retail segment to 17%, up 75% in dollar terms compared to last year and just 60 basis points shy of our historic third quarter peak retail margins.  The recovery in retail sales and margin was broad based across concept and region and particularly good for our factory stores, which have been especially strong in the current environment. There is no question that customers are increasingly shopping online where traffic to RalphLauren.com continues to grow at a double-digit rate even as visitors to brick and mortar stores remain down. We were pioneer in selling luxury apparel online 10 years ago, and we continue to benefit from the multiyear investment weve made to develop a state of the art online business with cutting edge technology, distribution, and customer service capabilities.  The cumulative effect of our consistent investment in world class advertising, marketing, and public relations initiative have also proven to be valuable particularly in the current environment. Consumers clearly recognize that are brand stands for quality and exceptional value.  Our long standing associations with premier sporting events such as the Olympics, Wimbledon, and the US Open, not only convey the power of the Ralph Lauren brand but they also accentuate our global visibility and allure.  We will also have very strong coverage at the Winter Olympics in two weeks. We are proud to be associated with these events and the worlds finest athletes and we constantly explore for new ways of reaching customers to increase the visibility of our brands.  For example, Rugby.com staged a successful virtual fashion show during the third quarter has significantly increased the amount of attention and was highly effective in driving awareness of the site. Given the strength of our brand and consistent sell through performance we believe we are well positioned to continue taking market share through sustained productivity gains of our core products.  In addition we continue to pursue incremental growth opportunities most importantly in accessories. As you are aware we have been working on developing handbag assortment for our Lauren brand, and we are currently in market with our first collection of Lauren handbags.  We expect to deliver this merchandise in leading department store doors this fall. The product looks fantastic and we are excited about the long-term growth prospects of this category. The recent activity to our footwear product is expanding rapidly and the profitability of this category is following suit.  On January 1 we successfully assumed control of our business in several Asian markets including China that were formerly licensed territories. Im pleased to report that the transition was executed smoothly with no disruption to the business. We are now directly operating a multichannel business.  Our ability to execute that transition which includes the creation of an entirely new locally based organization speaks not only to the operational sophistication of our company but also to the tremendous opportunity we see in this part of the world.  Our efforts obviously require significant investment, some of which you see reflected in our operating expenses this quarter. To give you some perspective on what weve accomplished over the last year in this region, weve hired and trained nearly 700 employees. Weve obtained lease assignments for all of our locations. Weve built a new world class supply chain and logistics network to support the region.  And weve built a constellation of management systems and corporate processes. The net result is that on day one of the transition, our stores were open for business with our own new POS system. They were set with spring merchandise and they were receiving goods from our distribution center daily.  The store associates are now being trained in our selling and service cultures. We did not have any of this infrastructure when we first spoke to you about our plans for this region last year at this time. So weve clearly come a long way. And to make this kind of progress in difficult market conditions really highlights the operational and financial strength of our organization. With the first part of this transition now behind us we will begin to develop this region in a measured way as we focused on managing our existing points of distribution and learning about taste and preferences of our customers in this part of the world.  Our spring buys which were made 12 months ago already reflect our desire to elevate the brand and educate the customer about the breadth of our offering by presenting a more balanced mix of mens, womens, fashion, and icon product as well as accessories. For the first time ever we are now in control of our destiny in the worlds fastest growing regions. We believe this is a powerful position for us for a number of reasons. It allows us to leverage global best practices in terms of inventory management, assortment planning, retail operations, and logistics.  In addition our global advertising and marketing messages can be more appropriately aligned with our selling strategies and perhaps most importantly it allows us to leverage the incredible scope of products that we offer on a global platform.  We are uniquely positioned to capitalize on opportunities with our clearly defined portfolio of lifestyle brands that span the consumer spectrum. We are already doing a good job of leveraging that portfolio in the US today, but there is still considerable opportunity for us to do so in the rest of the world.  It will obviously take time and investment but the opportunity is there. Our year to date results demonstrate that we continue to operate from a position of strength in a global marketplace that remains very uncertain.  Not surprisingly our wholesale customers remain cautious about their initial orders and all retailers including ourselves continue to focus on receipt management trying to drive higher profitability with less inventory.  I believe our third quarter sales and profit results demonstrate we can accomplish this with our own retail operations and that we are effectively maximizing opportunities with our wholesale partners. Regardless of the external environment I believe our consistent performance over the last several years and especially in the year to date performance position us well for the future. And as we have done historically well continue to invest in product innovation, broadening our international scope and expanding our direct to consumer reach, making decisions that enhance the long-term positioning of our brand and profit prospects for our company.  Now Id like to turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operational highlights of the third quarter as well as an update outlook for the remainder of the year. 
Tracey Travis : Thank you Roger, and good morning everyone. For the third quarter consolidated net revenues were $1.2 billion, less than 1% below the prior year period. The decline in revenues reflects lower planned wholesale shipments particularly in the US and Japan, which are partially offset by 8% revenue growth at our retail segment.  The net positive impact of currency translation on our total reported revenue growth for the quarter was approximately 2%. Our gross profit rate increased 470 basis points to 58.2% in the third quarter which was achieved on top of a 20 basis point gain in the prior year period which as you know was a noteworthy achievement considering the high level of promotional activity in the marketplace last year.  The expansion in this years third quarter gross profit rate reflects improved wholesale and retail segment margins that were a direct result of the proactive and strategic decisions we made several months ago to calibrate inventory receipt plans to expected customer demand trends.  These decisions ultimately led to few markdowns in our own stores and the favorable product mix across all channels. We also had some continued benefit from supply chain initiatives in cost of goods and in freight.  Operating expenses in the third quarter were approximately 10% greater than the comparable period last year in line with the guidance we provided last quarter when adjusted for some impairment charges. The higher operating expenses reflect the planned acceleration and costs related to the transition of our Asia Pacific operations in January.  Other drivers of the increased operating expenses include a higher anticipated payouts for incentive compensation, and unfavorable foreign currency translation effects. Operating income for the third quarter was $173 million, 4% greater than the prior year period and our operating margin for the third quarter was 13.9%, 60 basis points above that of the third quarter of fiscal 2009. The growth in operating income and the expansion in operating margin rate were primarily due to the higher gross profit rate and company wide cost control and restructuring initiatives that were partially offset by lower sales and the higher operating expenses that I just discussed. Net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2010 rose 6% to $111 million and net income per diluted share was $1.10 which was 5% greater than the comparable period last year. The growth in net income and diluted earnings per share principally relates to higher operating income during the quarter. Our effective tax rate was 33% and approximately in line with that of the prior period last year. Moving on to some additional insight into our segment level results for the quarter I will begin with our wholesale division where sales declined 8% to $604 million and were down approximately 11% in constant currency primarily due to lower planned shipments for some of our domestic products including American Living.  European wholesale shipments were down modestly in constant currency a function of cautious specialty store orders in the context of the same macro challenges throughout Europe. Our Japanese wholesale volume was also down in the quarter, again a function of broader economic challenges in that market.  From a category perspective in the US Polo Mens sportswear continued to be a strong performer during the quarter supported by focused assortments, compelling gift giving ideas, and targeted marketing programs.  We continued to see improved trends in our womens businesses, a category that has been challenging for us and others over the last few years. Our Lauren brand benefited from the increased representation of key sportswear items and the continued success of the Lauren Jeans Company. At Chaps the womens classics program resonated particularly well with the customer. Footwear shipments were very strong during the quarter for our Ralph Lauren, Polo, and Lauren brands, a function of both expanded assortment and additional points of distribution. While our Lauren European specialty store customers have suffered disproportionately from the impact of the recession, our business at larger department store groups have been more resilient and offsetting some of the softness in the specialty channel.  We are driving higher productivity and expanded our assortment in several major department stores such as Harrods, Selfridges, and Galleria Lafayette, which also provides tremendous exposure to global travelers and local customers alike, our most elevated assortments are featured in their stores.  In terms of product performance, shipments of our mens and womens Blue Label products were the strongest sellers and mens Black Label remained one of our fastest growing brands in Europe. In aggregate the United Kingdom and Germany were our best performing European regions which trends in Italy which is predominantly a specialty store market, remained weak.  Our third quarter wholesale operating income was $107 million, and the operating margin rate was 17.7% compared to a historic peak third quarter wholesale margin of 19.8% last year. In addition to the challenging comparisons the 210 basis point decline in the wholesale operating margin rate was primarily a result of deleveraging operating expenses on lower global shipment volumes and incremental costs associated related to business expansion including costs associated with formerly licensed operations.  For our retail group, third quarter sales increased 8% to $592 million. Overall comp store sales which include RalphLauren.com were up 6% or 4% in constant currency reflecting 4% growth at Ralph Lauren stores, a 6% increase at factory stores, and 7% growth at Club Monaco.  Our third quarter comps were better than our expectations of a flat to low single-digit increase which we shared with you on our last earnings call, due to broad based strength across all regions and all concepts. Of course we are comparing against a substantial comp decline in the prior year period, when the global financial crisis intensified and there was a very high level of promotional activity in the market.  Overall traffic trends in our stores remained challenging during the third quarter especially in the US and despite a rebound in tourist travel to gateway cities. Comp growth was primarily achieved with higher average dollar transactions mostly due to higher full price selling. We have slowly begun to see the gradual return of our core luxury customer who purchases our Collection and Black Label merchandise.  At RalphLauren.com sales rose 13% in the third quarter which childrenswear, menswear, and footwear being the top performing categories. With respect to our European Ralph Lauren stores, the United Kingdom and the Benelux countries continue to be our top performing regions. And even though we saw improved trends in Milan, France, and Germany, those markets remain challenging. Our factory stores continue to experience broad based strength throughout Europe and across all product categories, although once again the United Kingdom had the largest comp growth in the region. In Japan we achieved positive sales growth at both our Ralph Lauren and factory stores clearly outperforming overall market trends, although we have a relatively modest Japanese retail network at this time.  We opened five directly operated stores globally during the quarter including our Ralph Lauren store in Greenwich, Connecticut, which Roger shared with you earlier, which primarily showcased our womens and home products in addition to a small selection of mens sportswear.  We ended the third quarter with 333 directly operated stores globally. Our retail segment operating income grew 75% in the third quarter to $101 million. The retail operating margin was 17%, 650 basis points greater than the prior period last year when profitability was significantly pressured by a sharp comp decline and elevated promotional activity.  This years growth in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate was primarily a result of positive same store sales growth and stronger full price sell through rates across most of our retail formats in addition to disciplined operational and inventory management including the benefit of restructuring actions that we took in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $48 million, 3% below the prior year period due a decline in fragrance and home product licensing revenues that were partially offset by higher international royalties.  Operating income for our licensing segment was down 12% to $24 million in the third quarter, principally as a result of the lower licensing royalties and incremental Asia Pacific related expenses. We ended the third quarter with more than $1.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments compared to $908 million in the prior year period.  Net of debt we had $1 billion in cash and investments at the end of the quarter, up from $489 million last year. inventory was down 7% from the third quarter last year. This decline is a function of the work we have done to calibrate shipment volumes to expected customer demand trends which was somewhat masked during the first half of the year due to our strategic supply chain initiatives which continued to result in higher in transit inventory and which weve explained to you on prior calls.  We spent approximately $51 million on CapEx during the third quarter to support new retail stores, wholesale shop installations, and other infrastructure investments. We also repurchased approximately one million shares of stock during the quarter utilizing $78 million of our outstanding share repurchase authorization and we had $352 million of share authorization remaining at the end of the quarter.  In this mornings press release we outlined our expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2010 which I would briefly like to review with you now. Based on our better than expected year to date sales performance we raised our top line guidance and we are now looking for a low single-digit decline in consolidated revenue for the full year.  Which compares to our prior expectation of a mid single-digit decline for fiscal 2010 revenues. This guidance implies a mid single-digit decline in wholesale shipments in the fourth quarter as well as a low double-digit increase in same store sales for our retail segment, which does include an additional week of sales compared to the prior year period, the 53rd week.  The impact of this additional week to our consolidated earnings is not expected to be material as we will have an extra week of expense for the balance of our enterprise offsetting any incremental retail profits.  Also beginning in the fourth quarter please keep in mind that the sales results from our newly transitioned Asia Pacific operations will now be reflected primarily in our retail segment. As we have communicated on the last few calls, incremental expenses related to our new Asia Pacific operations are most pronounced in the fourth quarter as we now have the full cost of our infrastructure inclusive of all store and all shop locations with payroll for several hundred new employees as well as full occupancy expenses for running all of our points of distribution. In fact the fourth quarter impact of the Asia Pacific operations is expected to be dilutive to our earnings by approximately $0.08 to $0.10 per diluted share with sales slowly ramping up through the initial network of store locations.  The impact of incentive compensation accruals is also expected to yield additional expense pressure as is the higher mix of retail sales in the quarter. As a result were currently forecasting operating expenses for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 to exceed those of the prior year period including last years impairment and restructuring charges by a mid single-digit rate.  Let me close our prepared remarks by saying we are extremely proud of the management team, of how we have navigated the business through these challenging global times delivering $365 million of net income year to date or 1% above the prior year period.  As Roger indicated and Ralph continues to reinforce to us all, it is a testament to the strength of our brand, our global management teams, our global partnerships and to the strategic decisions weve consistently made over the last several years, that we have been able to deliver outstanding results under such challenging circumstances.  At this point wed like to open the call up for Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Omar Saad  Credit Suisse
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse: Can you talk about the divergence in trends between wholesale and retail, youre obviously a very kind of diversified multichannel company, help us understand what youre seeing at retail both in your own stores as well as in your partners that you sell wholesale through and explain that divergence and when you might see that flip. 
Roger Farah:  First of all last year at this time, if you remember our third quarter, fourth quarter and first quarter of the new year had been bought by our wholesale customers before the events of September which really accelerated the decline in the business. So at least through third, fourth, and first quarter of next year we really saw more normalized receipt flows and inventory purchases by our customers.  I think that the full impact of the September/October/November periods were felt retailers began to cut back receipts starting with fall of this year into holiday and continuing full 12 months into spring and summer of next year. So in the wholesale channel were really still lapping very strong wholesale on orders by our customers and their desire to correct their inventory and receipts really didnt take effect until fall of 2009. In our retail businesses, were obviously buying our own products we corrected also our receipt flows for starting fall, holiday and now into spring and what youre seeing in our retail results and the gross margins and operating profit improvements are the improved sell throughs. So the products are in demand, the inventories are in line, the sell throughs have improved, and the margins are up and I would expect our wholesale partners are experiencing the same phenomenon but obviously for us its a lower sell in and well have to lap all of that until we begin to see on orders anniversarying that and begin to move forward again.  So I think its just the timing of the two wholesale and retail segments yet the sell through at point of sale for our wholesale customers was significantly better this third quarter and I think that bodes well for on order going forward into the fall and holiday of next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners
Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners: Congrats on a good quarter, I guess my question really relates to the expense in the fourth quarter, I think previously we had considered your guidance based on adjusted results for the fourth quarter and in the release youre highlighting that it should be based on what looks like a number of $594 million from last year and then a mid single-digit increase on top of that, but it also looks like the guidance for the Asia dilution is about $15 million, so could you sort of help us bridge the gap. Is it different than your original expectations or did we, was it just a misunderstanding and how much is incentive compensation, how much is sort of ongoing higher expense levels. 
Roger Farah:  The Asia Pacific transition which as I spent a little time on the call talking about was a January 1 cutover, our expectation when we took on that business is we would acquire at that point the inventory of the licensee from fall 2009 forward, and then the spring on order would be ours.  Dickson who is our licensed partner, really sold through that fall on order to a very low level so what is normally a clearance period in Asia, January and halfway into February, for us is a period of exciting new deliveries, spring goods, but very little clearance to offer in a marketplace that in the middle of January and February is promotional. So what weve got is, you heard is, all the employees, all the expenses, all the infrastructure that was built but the sales will only begin to ramp up as we work our way through the quarter and we begin to get to the back end of the quarter when there are more normalized spring selling period.  So its really the six, seven weeks in the early days where the stores are getting new inventory and presenting that to customers where were getting a nice reaction, but obviously we dont have any of the fall holiday clearance that all other businesses in that region are now liquidating. So that effects the dilution in the transition quarter.
Tracey Travis : And in terms of the expenses in the quarter as you know we did not give guidance for the quarter, there is a fairly sizable difference in mix of sales in the quarter between wholesale and retail and that obviously for us from an expense standpoint has a fairly sizable impact on expenses in the quarter.  So if you think about the year over year difference in our expense and if you think about your models, and how you model out business and the growth year over year, much of our growth year over year is coming from retail. Our wholesale business is actually down so when you think about how to remodel the quarter from a growth standpoint I would keep that in mind when youre reflecting it.  So a piece of it is the growth related to expenses as Roger just talked about for Asia Pacific and then a piece of it is the growth related to retail of which has an extra week as well of expense in there for us. And those two alone represent almost two thirds of the expense growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Drbul  Barclays Capital
Robert Drbul  Barclays Capital: I was wondering if you could comment on American Living, what you learned this holiday season and sort of how youre thinking about some of the refinements to that in 2010. 
Roger Farah:  American Living has been an interesting journey. Were now about ready to come up on our two year anniversary this February when we launched. Obviously we launched into a more difficult market than we had anticipated. A couple of learnings over the last year or two have included customer preferences in terms of product content, whether its mens, womens, or kids. The color pallets that the Pennys customer reacts to, the product offering in terms of fashion quotient as well as price.  We came out into the marketplace at a significant premium to the Pennys high end price points and again weve moderated those so we still are positioned as the premium brand within their assortment but the delta between where we were priced and where the customer was willing to buy a new brand I think has been one of the big learnings.  I think weve also looked at our marketing and advertising messaging in an effort to launch a new brand that had no prior customer knowledge. How we talked to that customer, how we shaped our message, the imaging we project have all been looked at, studied, and I think for spring 2010 that were heading into and the fall season that weve already booked, I think youll see those product pricing, fashion, color, changes reflected at all merchandise categories.  And I think Pennys and global brand concepts are very excited about where thats going to go. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs: If we could back to the expense point, appreciate the color on the fourth quarter and to why the dilution just perhaps help us think about preliminarily the right way to think about a run rate in 2011, your comments about that wholesale lag should we expect that to continue into the first half of 2011 as a result continue to see expense deleverage as it relates given the accelerated ramp in retail as it relates to southeast Asia, some early color about how we should think about expenses in the near-term given what is clearly continued pressure on the wholesale business.
Roger Farah: Were going to save our more complete comments for May about next year, but let me just touch on a couple of the issues youve raised. Clearly the lag in wholesale as I articulated earlier we do expect as we go through fourth quarter and first quarter again were going against a different point of view by our wholesale audience although weve come through with very strong holiday sell throughs.  We expect receipt dollars to be very tight until the retail community really understands what the spring business will be. So there will be a deleveraging on the core businesses. Second, we certainly have investments in start up or new concepts like Lauren handbags, where the actual sales will not be reflected until we get into the fall shipping period but weve incurred the expenses and the production and the inventory to support that.  And so thats playing through our thinking for next year. Additionally Asia Pacific as weve talked about the substantial commitment to that and the long-term excitement we do have modest expectations about its contribution in the early years as we look to grow and develop that business.  Lastly I think its also fair to say that we are demonstrating stronger retail businesses, were very proud of the fourth quarter comp when coupled with the gross margin improvement. Certainly there were opportunities to whip that comp a little harder if we were willing to be more promotional and that was not the direction that our retail team took. So with a blend of the comp sales and the higher margins we think served us well and its really the strategy going forward. But in a mix of retail and wholesale we certainly make more money in wholesale than we do in retail, and the expense rates in wholesale are dramatically less than retail. So some of its a mix issue, some of its and investment issue, and some of it will be a timing issue and thats how were really thinking about our fiscal 2011 in total. Hope thats helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Glick  Buckingham Research
David Glick  Buckingham Research: Just wanted to get, just a follow-up on the wholesale business, Im still having a little trouble reconciling what I hear, your commentary and what I hear in the channel that how strong your businesses are performing. Theres some pluses this spring that I would have thought may have helped your wholesale trend, certainly your womens footwear business is growing at a very strong rate. Im hearing about a new sub brand in sportswear. Chaps is very strong, your mens businesses very very strong. I thought we might see a little bit more of a bounce back in March or June, and just wonder if you could comment on that and then what kind of bounce back can we really hope to see given your strong performance. Youve had I believe some markets for fall already and maybe some color whether youre starting to see some signs where you could really see a nice sales increase on the wholesale business in the US for the second half of calendar 2010.
Roger Farah: Well thank you for the paid political announcement, you are right, we have experienced really terrific sell throughs with our wholesale partners in all of the areas you checked off. In addition to which I would add that the womens business and I think Tracey touched on this for the first time in our third quarter and now into the new year, is also beginning to perform which as you all know the womens category for a couple of years for the industry has been a bit of a laggard.  So we are getting very strong sell throughs. We talked last conference call about chase product and reorders but I would tell you that the spring buys and summer buys were really bought long before the reaction youve just articulated for fall and holiday occurred. And I think the retailer is very cautious about leveraging current results into more on order until they see how their overall business reacts. With that said, the markets that weve had to date which are the mens market and the kids markets and as of this week the beginning of the footwear and handbag markets, retailers are coming in positive about the results. We clearly outperformed the market. Some of that was careful sell ins which resulted in better sell throughs which helped the margins.  And I think the mood going forward into the fall buys and beyond that holiday buys I think will begin to reflect that. But its premature to declare conclusively that thats whats going to happen and I think well talk more about that in May. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Chen  Needham & Company
Christine Chen  Needham & Company: Wondering if you could maybe go into a little detail about Asia and I know you said it was predominantly retail but is it a country specific thing and what sort of impact are you expecting on gross margins.
Roger Farah: I think the interesting fact about our Asia acquisition is that its heavily dominated by distribution in Hong Kong and Taiwan. We are very under penetrated in mainland China and I think wed all know that that over time will be the significant opportunity and I believe that over time mainland China will dwarf anything that we have today as we start up day one. And I think what Tracey said earlier is our reporting of that business will be primarily reported through our retail segment because the actual operating model over there really closely mirrors our retail business. It really isnt as similar to a wholesale business. Its where we buy the product, we own the product, we staff the stores, we manage the inventory, and were responsible for the results and/or we have our own stand alone stores. So I think the current business as well as the future business will have characteristics that are more similar to our retail business than the wholesale business where you sell in, they own the product, they sell it, they staff the stores, and then theres a wholesale margin.  So as we go forward and as a matter of fact we opened a store in Macau last week, we have two additional stores opening shortly. We will begin to manage the real estate process future store locations and sites and our orientation will be more heavily to mainland China then the current network of stores weve acquired. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Klinefelter  Piper Jaffray
Jeff Klinefelter  Piper Jaffray: Just a quick follow-up on Asia, and also Japan, the Japanese markets obviously been very very challenging here the last year and also my understanding is transitioning quite a bit in the traditional department store channel, could you speak a little bit more specifically to your plans there, youre still outperforming that market overall, picking up some share, but could you talk about that and your plans to maybe expand more retail direct in that market as opposed to traditional shop in shop or wholesale.
Roger Farah: Yes, I think youre absolutely right, the market has been difficult and I dont think its just the economy or the season, I think there is a shift going on in Japan that has significant long range consequences. Its a market that has been dominated by department store distribution, very intense sales per square foot, shop in shop either directly controlled by the brand or closely controlled by the brand, and thats been our primary channel of distribution. Since we acquired the business weve obviously been focused on improving that and then integrating the Japanese business into our infrastructure, our supply chain and collapsing the three licensed entities into one. But going forward I think were going to have to look not only at the traditional channel of distribution but more mono brand distribution as we see that market evolving.  There is also a movement in Japan that is clear that has the pure luxury of players suffering and customers looking for value, looking for faster fashion, looking for more youthful presentations, that trend is clear. And I think were well positioned given our brand architecture to address many of those opportunities going forward. So I dont think its going to be an easy market, in its traditional sense, but it is the second largest luxury market in the world and I think weve started, weve made good progress, were picking up share as you said, but we have a long way to go to position that market in terms of where the customers are taking us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti  UBS
Michael Binetti  UBS: I just wanted to see if we could talk about Europe for a minute, that obviously recently became a billion dollar brand for you and youve had such a nice runway there over the years, and when you look out to calendar 2010 can you just talk to us about maybe what you think about as far as the composition of the growth in Europe in 2010. Is it, do you see a lot of growth with existing distribution or new geographies, maybe if you could just give us a little color there. 
Roger Farah: Weve had tremendous results in Europe and this year has been much stronger than we originally planned. The recession and economic issues were felt there but perhaps not as strongly as it was felt here. The question is whether it will last longer or whether theres a double dip in Europe but I dont think anybody knows. Our strategy which has included a network of our own stores, shop in shops, and department stores and specialty stores, continues to be the backbone of what were doing. But what we are seeing is a contraction in the small specialty store, many of which did not fair well in the economic downturn and weve made decisions where we did not want to ship people who might be in more difficult financial straits. Weve also as weve begun to improve our network of stores have reduced distribution of some of those smaller stores in key markets. We continue to invest in shop in shops and department stores and well use where were putting flagships down for instance in Paris, this April, we will hub around that important presentations of key product lines in the department stores or specialty stores in that market as well.  I think weve talked in the past using London as an example where we have our own stores both flagship and neighborhood, it also happens to be where weve got tremendous positioning in department stores. We are doing that now in Paris. We opened the second store last October, well open a third store this April that will be a terrific representation of the brand. At the same time we are trying to elevate the market around it. It worked successfully in London, it worked successfully in Milan, and were now doing that in Paris. So I think our strategy is very clear in Europe and I think as weve elevated the brand I think today the brand is not only large, successful and profitable, I think its viewed in a different light.  And I think thats allowing us to leverage relationships with other key customers to get the distribution were looking for. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Kim  JPMorgan
Chris Kim  JPMorgan: You gave some pretty positive commentary around the sell through trends at some of your wholesale partners, but I was wondering if you could talk about the progress being made, I guess the increase of penetration of either additional labels, categories, into some of these key partners. You talked about London, I think historically youve given the Bloomingdales 59th Street as an example, especially as it relates to Europe and Asia.
Roger Farah: I was positive in support of Davids comments, because he was right. We have experienced strong sell throughs and again our strategy has been to extend brands and merchandise categories whether its accessories, whether its home, whether its kids, whether its any of the product extensions. I think as we talk about Europe, we are about a year into the launch of Lauren sportswear. As we continue to learn and understand that business, an example would be an opportunity to extend accessory categories or other product extensions in that market, once weve established the distribution points that are appropriate.  So we let the business grow incrementally as we move out. I think the same thing over time will apply in Asia as we look to broaden and deepen the portfolio of labels that are distributed in those points of distribution. So were looking forward to doing that but were looking forward to doing it in a way that we hope will be successful.  I think the footwear example here in the United States as you all know we bought back that license several years ago. We put it through a rehabilitation. We had to develop the sourcing, manufacturing, supply chain, to be experts in that. Weve got a terrific team of leadership folks at both the Ralph Lauren Collection level as well as the Lauren level and were gaining market share and points of distribution on a worldwide basis. Thats all very exciting and its encouraging us as we now are on the cusp of broadening the assortment of handbags. So, its part of the companys DNA. Were trying to do it thoughtfully in this environment and I think our wholesale partners are quite excited.  At this point I appreciate your interest and involvement. We look forward to the May call as we look to update you on our fourth quarter results and really some of our thinking in terms of these new initiatives as we head forward. Thanks.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Roger Farah  President & Chief Operating Officer Tracey Travis  Chief Financial Officer James Hurley  Investor Relations
Analysts: Omar Saad  Credit Suisse Robert Drbul  Barclays Capital Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners David Glick  Buckingham Research Michael Binetti  UBS Stephanie Wissink  Piper Jaffray Christine Chen  Needham & Company 
Operator: Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). And now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir.  
James Hurley: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's second quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. The agenda for today's call is a bit different from prior calls. First, Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer will give an overview of the quarter and comment on broader strategic initiatives. Then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the second quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2010.  We'll then have Roger back to speak about some exciting near term developments regarding our international and new product development initiatives. After that, we will open the call up for your questions which we ask that you limit to one per caller.  As you know, we'll be making some forward-looking statements today including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah : Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. I apologize in advance if my voice sounds strange, but I've been under the weather. We are very pleased to be reporting second quarter and first half results that exceeded our expectations. Nearly $250 million in operating profit for the second quarter demonstrates we are clearly benefiting from superb execution across our entire organization. I believe the quality of our results is particularly noteworthy. The better-than-expected sales are a function of the desirability of our brand and products across all distribution channels. The near 200 basis point improvement in our gross margin profits reflect higher sell-throughs and enterprise-wide inventory discipline that is further supported by sophisticated supply chain initiatives. And we continue to manage our expenses in a manner that allow us to reduce cost in certain areas while funding our long-term strategic growth objectives. Our second quarter wholesale segment operating margins were very strong at 27%, and our double-digit growth in retail segment operating profit demonstrates our ability to adjust to considerable external challenges in a relatively short order. So even as second quarter revenues declined 4% on global shipments that were planned lower, stronger profit margins, disciplined operational management and a lower tax rate ultimately resulted in diluted earnings per share growth of 11% which was achieved on top of a 45% gain in these prior-year period. These results are accentuated further by our very strong financial conditions. We ended the second quarter with close to $700 million in net cash and investments reflecting an eight-fold increase over the last 12 months even as we invest for the future. I believe our year-to-date performance confirms that we have a credible and resilient strategy to grow shareholder value over the long term. This strategy is focused on elevating our brands and is grounded in three key areas, one, growing our international presence, two, developing innovative new products and three, expanding our direct-to-customer reach.  Our focus on international development of our business stems from the multiple areas of opportunity we see to build brand awareness, expand distribution, and introduce new products and brands. Year-to-date, we have benefited from the strong results of the major international territories that we control with Europe and Japan both performing well. And in two months, we will assume control of our distribution in eight high-growth Asian countries which I'll speak more about later. One of the competitive advantages that have helped to bolster and differentiate our performance is our clearly defined portfolio of lifestyle brands which range from the Ralph Lauren Runway collection to Chaps and American Living, each targeted to a specific customer profile and distribution strategy. During the second quarter, we opened spectacular new collection of Black Label shops in Saks Fifth Avenue's New York City flagship and a unique world of Ralph Lauren women's in Bergdorf Goodman.  We launched wholesale distribution of our women's Blue Label product at select Saks Fifth Avenue stores throughout the country. This is the first time women's Blue Label merchandise is being offered in the United States outside of our directly operated retail stores. We also launched Lauren men's dress furnishings in a number of domestic wholesale accounts during the second quarter, and our Lauren Jeans Company continues to expand points of distribution. Our Chaps and American Living products are performing well at retail benefiting from strong sell-through rates.  There is no better testament to the desirability of our brands and products than our ability to expand distribution during a time when customers are extremely selective, given today's more discerning customer. And there is no question that our better-than-expected sales and stronger sell-throughs reflect the tremendous work of our design and merchandising teams who have delivered some of the most compelling product we've ever had. Our strategic merchandising initiatives across brands in our own stores and our wholesale partners is working to our advantage, particularly with iconic key items that are characterized by their high quality and enduring value. Our direct-to-consumer efforts remain focused on the global expansion of our directly operated store network and e-commerce initiatives that will allow us to present the full breadth of our merchandise categories. As you know, we've committed a significant portion of our capital to support this expansion. During the second quarter, we renovated important Ralph Lauren stores in Amsterdam, Frankfurt and Hamburg and opened a new Ralph Lauren store in St. Moritz in addition to factory stores in Germany, Spain and the Netherlands. Upcoming store openings in the third quarter include Greenwich, Connecticut, and [Staad], Switzerland, and our important New York City and Paris flagship projects are on track to open next year. International direct-to-customer development is an important component of our long-term growth objectives. We are also exploring international e-commerce opportunities to leverage the high growth dynamics of this evolving channel that has been tremendously successful for us in the United States. Our initial focus will be on Europe, but over the long term, we would expect our e-commerce capabilities to extend to Asia as well. As you are aware, an increasing portion of our capital spending is being allocated to international markets, approximately 50% this year versus 35% last year. We are clearly encouraged by our second quarter earnings results given the substantial market challenges we face. There is no question that the consumer around the world remains cautious. But our ability to innovate and provide high quality products with enduring value has positioned us to withstand overall market weakness better than most. The sophistication of our global sourcing and supply chain organizations have allowed us to be very nimble and responsive to evolving demand trends. You can see the impact in our better-than-expected sales and strong gross profit margins for the year-to-date period. The holiday season is fast approaching and how that will ultimately play out is obviously a big question mark. How we and others anniversary the sharp deceleration in sales trends that began in October last year will be critical in understanding how to plan for the new normal. Tracey will comment in greater detail on how we are thinking about the balance of the year, but I think it's important to highlight that even as we navigate through uncertain times, we have not altered our strategic objectives. We continue to invest in initiates that we expect to drive top line momentum over the long term, and our year-to-date results confirm the unique strength in our brands, products, and our management team and business model provide us to do so.  And with that I'll turn the call over to Tracey 
Tracey Travis : Thank you, Roger, and good morning everyone. For the second quarter, consolidated net revenues were $1.4 billion and 4% below the prior-year period. The decline in revenues reflects lower planned wholesale shipment and a 6% reduction in same-store sale at our retail segment. The net negative impact of currency translation on our reported revenue growth for the quarter was slightly below 1%. Relative to our expectations at the beginning of the quarter, our second quarter wholesale revenue performance and our retail comps both outperformed.  The stronger wholesale revenues were broad-based across regions and product categories and reflect our ability to react and respond to demand trends by chasing product or accelerating deliveries where appropriate, particularly in the United States. The better-than-expected retail comps were similarly broad-based across regions and concepts.  Our gross profit rate increase 190 basis points to 57.1% in the second quarter, which was achieved on top of a 170 basis point gain in the prior-year period. The expansion in the gross profit rate reflects improved wholesale and retail segment margins that were driven by supply chain initiatives, which yielded of cost of goods and freight savings, as well as continued inventory management, which led to improved sell-throughs and fewer markdowns in the quarter. Operating expenses in the second quarter were approximately 1% below the comparable period last year. The lower operating expenses reflect the benefits of our expense containment and the restructuring efforts we implemented and discussed with you during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009.  However, these benefits were mostly offset by the ramping up of incremental expenses related to the transition of our Asian operations, the net incremental expense related to Japanese Childrenswear and golf operations and the start of higher incentive compensation accruals. We also incurred restructuring charges primarily related to the additional rescaling of our Japanese operations, which included the elimination of 142 positions, a result of our consolidation of the multiple licenses acquired over the past few years. Operating income for the second quarter was $246 million, 1% greater than the prior-year period, and our operating margin for the quarter was 17.9%, 90 basis points above that of the second quarter of fiscal 2009. The growth in operating income and the expansion in operating margin rate were primarily due to the higher gross profit rate and the company-wide cost control and restructuring initiatives that were partially offset by lower sales and higher operating expenses associated with our Asian business expansion efforts. Net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2010 rose 10% to $178 million and net income per diluted share was $1.75, which was 11% greater than the comparable prior-year period. The growth in net income and diluted earnings per share principally relates to a lower effective tax rate of 27% compared to 34% in the prior-year period. The lower effective tax rate primarily relates to the resolution of certain discrete tax items in the quarter, as well as a slightly favorable geographic income mix. As I mentioned on our last call, we also had an approximate $400 million gain related to the early partial retirement of debt that settled during our second quarter. Moving to our segment highlights for the quarter, I will begin with our wholesale segment where sales declined 4% to $815 million and were down 3% in constant currency, primarily due to lower planned shipments of most of our domestic products, including American Living. European wholesale shipments were down modestly in constant currency as well during the quarter, a function of a broader pull-back in fall orders in response to the softening macro environment earlier this year. The decline in wholesale segment sales was partially offset by incremental revenues related to our Childrenswear and golf apparel in Japan. And as a reminder, this is the final quarter where there is non-comparability in our wholesale segment related to the Japanese Childrenswear and golf acquisition last year. As I highlighted earlier our wholesale performance exceeded our expectations due to strong merchandising initiatives across all product categories, and our ability to read and react to end-season sales trends through replenishment. From a category perspective in the U.S., Polo men's sportswear continued to be a strong performer during the quarter and we saw board-based momentum for Lauren and Chaps across multiple product categories. In Europe we experienced good retail sell-through sand year-over-year growth at many of our largest European wholesale accounts during the quarter. In terms of product performance, shipments of our men's and women's Blue Label products as well as our children's products were the most resilient. The United Kingdom and Germany were our best performing regions, while trends in Spain remain weak. In Japan we outperformed broader market trends in the second quarter, albeit in the context of declining department store apparel trends due particularly to strong menswear results and to our World of Ralph Lauren Outpost strategy, where we have achieved incremental placements of core iconic products in highly visible locations within select stores throughout the region. We continue to believe the Japanese market represents untapped potential for us. And our local team is mobilized to capitalize on those growth opportunities. Roger will speak more about this later in the call. Our second quarter wholesale operating income was $221 million and the operating margin rate was 27.1% in our wholesale segment compared to 25% in the second quarter of fiscal 2009. This 210 basis point expansion in the wholesale operating margin rate was primarily a result of stronger international margins, broad-based supply chain initiatives and overall expense discipline that offset lower shipment volumes in the U.S. and Europe. For our retail group, second quarter sales declined 3% to $513 million. Overall comp store sales which include Ralphlauren.com were down 6% or 5% in constant currency, reflecting an 18% reduction at Ralph Lauren stores, a 4% reduction at factory stores and a 3% reduction at Club Monaco. As I mentioned earlier, comps were appreciably strong than expected across all concepts reflecting improved trends relative to the first quarter. Overall traffic trends in our stores remained challenging, however, during the second quarter especially in the U.S. The continuing reduction in tourist travel in most of our major markets, and particularly in the New York Metro area, continues to have a negative impact on our same-store sales performance for our domestic Ralph Lauren and factory stores. However, Ralphlauren.com has continued to grow revenues in this environment with sales rising 12% in the second quarter driven primarily by sustained double-digit growth in customer traffic. Childrenswear and menswear, with solid growth performance in both apparel and footwear categories, posted the strongest sales gains on Ralphlauren.com during the quarter.  With respect to our European retail operations, the United Kingdom and the Benelux countries remaining our top performing regions for our Ralph Lauren stores, while France and Italy continued to be challenged with significantly lower tourist traffic. Our factory stores continue to experience broad-based strength throughout Europe, although once again the United Kingdom had the largest comp growth in the region. The U.K. stores are benefiting from an increase in tourism among continental Europeans given favorable currency exchange rates. We opened five directly operated stores and closed two stores during the quarter, ending the quarter with 328 directly operated stores globally. Our retail segment operating income grew 11% in the second quarter to $64 million. The retail operating margin was 12.4%, 160 basis points greater than the prior-year period. The growth we experienced in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate was primarily a result of strong international performance, disciplined inventory management and the benefit of restructuring actions that we took in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, all of which more than offset the decline in retail segment revenues. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $47 million, 10% below the prior-year period due to a decline in Japanese product licensing revenues and to lower fragrance and home licensing revenues that were partially offset by Chaps-related royalties. Operating income for our licensing segment was down 12% to $24 million in the second quarter principally as a result of the lower international licensing income. We ended the second quarter with more than $970 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments, compared to $528 million in the prior-year period. Net of debt, we had $663 million in cash and investments at the end of the second quarter, up from $88 million last year. Inventory was down 1% from the second quarter last year and in line with expectations given the supply chain initiatives we are pursuing and discussed with you on our last conference call. We spent approximately $35 million on CapEx during the second quarter to support new retail stores, wholesale shop installations and other infrastructure investments. We also repurchased approximately 900,000 shares of stock during the quarter utilizing $60 million of our outstanding share repurchase authorization, and we had $206 million of authorization left at the end of the quarter. We are now six weeks into the third quarter of fiscal 2010, and have anniversaried the events of last fall and the subsequent sharp, immediate impact they had on consumer spending. And while we have seen a modest improvement in industry sales, the reality is that sales and order trends still remain at depressed levels. The overall macro environment continues to be weak, unemployment is high, the housing market is soft and access to credit remains challenging. As a result we have and will continue to plan our inventory and order trends prudently, as you would expect we would, preferring to position ourselves to chase product when we can and when appropriate. In this morning's press release we outlined our expectations for fiscal 2010, which I would briefly like to review now. Based on our better than expected year-to-date performance, we raised our top line guidance and are now looking for mid single-digit decline in consolidated revenues for the full year, which compares to our prior expectation of a high single-digit decline for fiscal 2010 revenues. For the third quarter we expect consolidated revenues to decline at a low single-digit rate inclusive of a flat to low single-digit comp increase for our retail segment. As we have communicated in the last few calls, investment spending for our Asia Pacific initiatives ramps up dramatically in the back half of fiscal 2010. The impact of incentive comp accruals is also expected to yield additional expense pressure in the second half. As a result of these two, we currently expect operating expenses for the third quarter of fiscal 2010 to exceed those of the prior year period by a high single-digit rate. While this near term growth in SG&A is particularly challenging on an expectation of lower consolidated sales for the quarter, it is important to understand we are making investments in growth that are expected to generate significant returns over the longer term. And while investment spending for the Asia Pacific Region will continue for several years, as we invest in new shops and stores in the region, we will begin to manage the store network and transition through remaining fall and new spring merchandise.  There are some additional considerations I'd like to highlight as you think about building your second half forecast. The first relates to the evolution of our business over the last several years and how that affects the seasonality of our profits.  As we have assumed more direct control of our wholesale distribution for various regions and products, in addition to the normal cadence of a retail operation, we now have begun to generate a larger percentage of our annual profits in the first half of the year.  And our Asia Pacific-related spending will be more pronounced in the fourth quarter as we start up the business and have the full impact of the entire distribution network and infrastructure to absorb. Of course, we remain focused on managing all aspects of our operating expenses and working capital to appropriate levels for the current global environment and with that I'd like to turn the call back to Roger.
Roger Farah : As Tracey has outlined, our results demonstrate we are managing the business carefully even as we invest for growth. This balance is a hallmark of our company. We've consistently reinvested our strong cash flows back into the business including the acquisition of various geographies and product licenses.  Over the last two years, we have assumed direct control of our brand in Japan through a series of acquisitions that required the consolidation and integration of what was previously three different organizations.  While we acquired some level of infrastructure, we've since built a unified organization with strong local management. We've upgraded our operations by investing in information technology, revamping our manufacturing base and streamlining our supply chain and logistics activities.  Separately, we've eliminated redundancies by reducing headcount. We simultaneously work to elevate the positioning of our brand by implementing new merchandise strategies and refining our wholesale and retail distribution.  Our objective to nurture underdeveloped product category is still in its early stages and we are confident the Japanese consumers will respond favorably to our efforts in the same way our European consumers have since we took control of that region several years ago. The tactical measures necessary to assume control of our Japanese operations are very different than those underway for the January 1 transition of our distribution rights in eight Asian countries. As a reminder, the eight countries are China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand. With this transition, we are not inheriting any infrastructure or service platform, where are assuming it's approximately 100 points of sale with 500 existing store level employees that are doing approximately 150 million in sales at retail value. Ahead of the actual transition date we are building a world class infrastructure in terms of people and process across our merchandising, IT, finance, HR, legal and other corporate functions that it's designed not only to manage the existing operations but to support a larger business over time. I just visited the region and came back even more excited about this unique opportunity in front of us.  On our last call, I said we'd provide an update on accessories, the category we broadly define to include handbags, small leather goods, footwear, watches and jewelry and eyewear. Over the last four years, we've assumed control of most categories and have selected best in class global partners for the more technical products with specialized distribution, Richemont for watches and jewelry and Luxottica for eyewear. We are fortunate to have one the world's strongest, most iconic and trusted brands to leverage with accessory efforts. Innovation, quality and timeless designs are the hallmark of our company and they also happen to be among the most important attributes of a successful accessory business.  I am happy to report we're making progress in all categories, particularly in developing comprehensive brand statements that are aligned with Ralph's design aesthetic and that complement the lifestyle characteristics of our existing apparel and home products.  In order to maximize this important opportunity, we have bifurcated our approach to the market, establishing a luxury tier with Ralph Lauren products and a better tier that is focused on Lauren and Polo brands.  We have aligned our people, processes and products to sync with this strategy across all merchandise categories to be sure we maintain the clarity of our offering by channel. We have successfully executed this strategy with our revitalized footwear business. Ralph Lauren footwear is now in selected high profile stores around the world, including Bergdorf's, Neiman's, Saks, Isetan in Japan and Gallo Raffia. And during a period of time when department stores were trimming their open to buy and eliminating resources, we've successfully established ourselves a true footwear resource and secured space in hundreds of department store doors for our Lauren brand and we have been getting strong reorders this season for both brands. We are now concentrating on evolving our handbag and small leather goods assortment. This spring we expanded Ralph Lauren handbag offering to better address our customer's entire lifestyle. The early read that our new products have been encouraging, particularly for our Bohemian Collection, which is characterized by a softer silhouette in suede or calf fabrications for everyday use that offers a more accessible point of entry.  You should expect to see the breadth and depth of our Ralph Lauren handbags and small leather goods assortment continue to evolve and over the long term, distribution to these products will likely include the world's premiere department stores, travel retail locations where appropriate.  We are also developing a line of Lauren handbags. Prototypes have been designed and supply chain is in place. Initial distribution is expected to be focused on the top Lauren U.S. wholesale doors with a gradual rollout beyond that as we read and react to customer feedback.  As the leading better branded apparel resource in domestic department stores, we are excited about the long-term potential of Lauren handbags, especially if we use the receptivity to the footwear as a proxy. The opportunity becomes even more compelling as we look to leverage international distribution of the Lauren brand, which is just beginning. But before we open the line for questions, I would just like to highlight that we are increasingly leveraging our capabilities on a much larger global platform all with the goal of creating substantial shareholder value over the long term while still delivering best in class results in the near term and with that I'll conclude the company's remarks and we'll open the call up for questions.  Operator, could you assist us please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Omar Saad  Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse: Just two quick questions here, one is if we look at what your  how you've been thinking about the second quarter coming in from a tip line perspective and kind of how it shook out, I know you mentioned replenishment and some of the other factors.  Can you help us understand the upside in terms of where trends improved relative to your own expectations and how this replenishment plays a role in that your ability to replenish kind of in season what's going on, how important of that  how much of the upside did that factor really drive at, and then versus a macro improvement relative to your expectations coming in? 
Roger Farah:  All right, Omar, you know the time period of July, August and September, if you remember back, did not include some of the improved trends I think people are talking about in the last six weeks. So really, early placements in the wholesale channel were conservative, as retailers cut back their buys and tried to get stock and sales expectations in alignment. And our early guidance on the quarter really reflected you know that.  What happened, and particularly as the quarter began to unfold, new product selling was strong and I think that our ability to service that with either replenishment, which was up double digits in the quarter, or accelerate shipments of wanted merchandise, or read and react, which is a strategy that Jackie and the team have been pursuing now for a couple of years, which gives our supply chain the opportunity to take merchandise that's performing well, and get it back into the stores in season.  I think all of that reflected in the quarter's better than originally forecasted results, and I think it gives us another strategic weapon in terms of servicing during this very skittish time. And we expect to read and react and chase goods where necessary, as we work our way through the back half of this year.   
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Bob Drbul  Barclays Capital. 
Robert Drbul  Barclays Capital: The question I have is on the southeast Asia investments, so when you look at the level of investment planned for the upcoming quarter, this quarter, the third quarter, can you give us a little bit more of a flavor around that dollar investment necessary? And I guess sort of what I'm looking for is the level of profitability or the run rate of the business once you actually assume the business in 2010. 
Roger Farah:  Tracey, you want to try that? 
Tracey Travis:  Well, Bob, as you probably know, we don't actually assume the running of the business until the fourth quarter so when we talked about the third quarter, expense is up single digit, partially driven by southeast Asia. You can think about that, about a third of that expense is driven by southeast Asia, about a third of it driven roughly by the incentive comp that we called out and then about a third is all other. Some of it is negative exchange rate variance versus prior year and a few other items. So that's the way to think about it.  We assume running of the business on January and we'll take over the Store and ShopNetwork then. And when you think about it, we'll be assuming running the business. We'll have fall merchandise and spring merchandise that we'll have in the stores. We'll be assuming, as Roger indicated, you know, 500 employees, as well as 250 office employees to run the business, so there will be startup as it relates to running this operation. And this is an operation that will service the southeast Asia business, but also is anticipated to service other and the expansion of the region as well, as we grow the region. So I would think of it that way. 
Roger Farah:  Bob, not in response to the answer Tracey gave, but again as I said on the call earlier, I had just gotten back from a trip over there that we were on and I can't tell you how exciting that part of the world is in terms of future opportunity for us as a company. So we want to be careful about the infrastructure we're building and what we're assuming back in the transition.  But as we elevate the brand and expand the merchandise categories that are not properly represented there, I just think there's an enormous business potential for us. And while we want to be prudent, we really need to go after that, so that's what's playing out as we speak.  Next question operator, please? 
Operator:   Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs. 
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs: I have a two part question, Roger and Tracey, just first on the guidance, you talk about the full year revenue guidance down mid singles. In the third quarter we should be expecting down low singles, seems to suggest some deceleration in the fourth quarter. Given the easy year-ago comparison, is there something you see out there that's less evident to us to suggest that deceleration or is it just continued conservatism in the fourth quarter?  And then my second question relates to just wholesale trends. Clearly you're seeing improvement domestically and internationally. Just give us some color as you see opportunities coming out and heading into the new normal, as you talk about share opportunities, expansion into new categories, how we should be thinking about the wholesale coming out of this? Thank you.   
Roger Farah: I'll start, and Tracey can add in. I think our forecast going forward reflects the ongoing retailer's point of view that they went into last spring with too much on order, that even when the business changed in September and October, they couldn't recalibrate the upfront booking. So I think most of our wholesale accounts have taken a cautious view for next spring and into the summer, in terms of their initial on orders.  Obviously, if business continues to be better than anticipated, we'll have to see what we can do to service what we think is growing market share on our part, a lot of resources and, Adrianne, this sort of slips into your second question.  I don't think a lot of resources have the wherewithal, either the products, the brand recognition, or the organization to chase the opportunities as they develop. And I think we are picking up share in the wholesale channel, whether it's here in the United States or in Europe or in Japan, as we are outperforming your competitors in most merchandise categories. And so the challenge will be with cautious upfront orders and still the bulk of the business is done through upfront orders, we have to be able to react to the business trends and work without wholesale accounts to pursue that.  I think those that are undercapitalized, or were struggling with financial pressures maybe has to play their inventories even more close to the vest, or people who were looking to generate cash by excessively bringing their inventories down, I think they're going to have more trouble chasing the business if it moves forward. And I think that gives us another competitive advantage. So I think for lots of reasons, the guidance reflects what we know today, but I think if the business trends are better, I think we're prepared to pursue them aggressively in all product categories. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, good morning, just a brief point of clarification on the last question, and then my real question, first the clarification. Your guidance doesn't necessarily suggest a deceleration in the fourth quarter because if you were down 6% in the first half and you model a low single digit for both the third and fourth quarter, you still come out for a mid single digit for the full year. I just wanted to be sure I understood that right because I wasn't getting to necessarily a deceleration in the fourth quarter.  And then my real question is could you just sort of discuss your plans for retail over the long term? The growth has been fairly slow and deliberate there, but as you move into these international areas, it seems like there's a bit more of a High Street shopping mentality there. How should we think about retail growth and what percentage of your business do you think will retail become over the long term? Thanks, oh, and also congratulations. 
Roger Farah: Well thanks. Let's get that in reverse order Liz.   
Tracey Travis:  Thank you, Liz, and you're right, we're not planning a deceleration, and Roger you can take the other question on okay? 
Roger Farah: Well, thanks. I would say, Liz, we're very bullish on retail. If you remember back it wasn't that long ago where the retail business was a small fraction of what we did and not very profitable at that. Today, even what is acknowledged as a very difficult retail quarter we produced an 11% increase in profitability in that segment and a double digit operating profit. So we've come a long way in our retail business and it is getting a disproportionate amount of capital going forward.  I think the other thing that I would say is today retail is 40 something percent of our business and is trending to a much higher place. We also come out of the most recent trips to Asia Pacific realizing that direct-to-customer is the primary way that you reach your audience whether it's Japan or Southeast Asia or any of the major countries. Whether they're shop and shops which are run by you, meaning you buy the inventory, you build the staff, you train them, you sell the product those in essence are retail or they're standalone stores that you build in high streets or you know in the appropriate malls. I think Southeast Asia is going to be heavily about direct-to-customer. The other thing that I would add to the retail piece, Liz, is really the Internet. So whether you want to call it brick or mortar or just direct-to-customer there's no doubt that the ongoing growth of online shopping is here to stay whether it's in the United States where we've been at it for over 10 years and very successfully. I know a lot of people today are trying to catch up to that or internationally. I said in my opening remarks we are actively exploring the online business for Europe and eventually we'll get to Asia and we think it's a tremendous way of reaching the customer directly and it's a complement to everything else we do in wholesale and retail. So we are pushing hard.  What we're not doing is just opening stores to get a store count number up there. We are strategically opening up in key places around the world that we think have the kind of customers that respond to our products so it's a good call out and I think you'll see as we continue to move through the next couple of years it's going to continue to grow in importance in our overall segment reporting.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Glick  Buckingham Research.
David Glick  Buckingham Research:  I was wondering if you could help us get a little bit more into the mindset of your big customers in the U.S. and Europe in terms of how they are reacting to and planning to the business. Clearly they're in a chase mode and I would imagine they're looking at their projected inventory levels at the end of the season which could potentially be well under plan. And I'm just wondering at what point do they start to step up and be a little bit more aggressive in their forward orders and are there some trigger dates you've set for spring to react in a more meaningful way given the lead times that you deal with.
Roger Farah: Well I think, David, if you go back to sort of the mid-to-late-September last year and so much of the financial crisis came to a head, and I think we all saw the change in the consumer, I think retailers have been scrambling ever since. They have been first to challenge to liquidate inventory last fall that were well in excesses of customer demand which put tremendous pressure on margins. Then there were expense reduction efforts and then how much can we pull back on spring and then clearly the fall buys were looked at through the lens of fairly pessimistic retail expectations. I think while all of that was playing out daily, people were waiting to see how the customer would react and how they would move through this, as we have anniversaried that as an industry and everybody lapped September numbers and now into October I think the question mark was will the business continue to fall? Will it flatten out against last year's depressed levels or will in fact we begin to move ahead? Perhaps somewhat misleading because we're going against smaller numbers but nevertheless will the customer begin to return? I'm of the opinion the customer has begun to move back into a more balanced point of view. Those that have money are beginning to spend again. Those that probably overreached did it on borrowed money whether it was credit cards or home equity loans probably have moved to the sideline to replenish savings and that's probably appropriate. So I think when you say when is the retailer going to begin to react, I think when there's a more certain trend that's more predictable because when you're buying inventory six and twelve months out I think you have to have a certain confidence in your ability to forecast the revenue. And I think in the short run you're seeing some margin improvements in those retail formats that were going against big clearance numbers. But I don't think the go-forward orders will start to reflect that until maybe fall of '10. And I think the balance of spring and summer will be one of attempts to chase product if more product is needed. There just aren't that many resources that have the wherewithal to chase products so I think it gives us a strategic advantage in that we have developed the capabilities to do that better than most.
Operator: Our next question come will come from Michael Binetti  UBS.
Michael Binetti  UBS:  If I could just ask a few housekeeping questions items before I ask my question? I don't know if you said it, we got dropped off the call there for a second, but how much of the raise and revenue guidance was related to a change in affect rates since last time we talked to you guys? And then also on Europe if you could just remind us when you saw trends start decelerating in France and Italy markets that have been a drag for some time now?
Tracey Travis:  In terms of the guidance did you ask?
Michael Binetti  UBS: Yes.
Tracey Travis:  We didn't provide it.
Unidentified Corporate Participant: We didn't give out that guidance. 
Tracey Travis: Yes, we didn't give FX guidance. Yes we talked about the impact in the quarter in terms of FX rates but not in terms of the guidance. 
Roger Farah:  The business in France and Italy really starting in the summer has continued to be softer than prior trends and Europe today has some very strong countries and some countries that are struggling, I think Tracey even mentioned the very high unemployment that is hanging over Spain as a market, so we've recently in the last two or three weeks seen a much improved trend. Maybe it's the weather changing I'm not sure but we're very bullish on where Europe is going I think they had a little dip for a brief period of time.  Did you have a bigger question, Michael? 
Michael Binetti  UBS: I was just wondering if I could ask a bigger question on the Japan business, please? It's been about two years since you bought in the majority of licensing there and if we think about the moving pieces after you acquire a license agreement I believe there is quite a few parts of the business that could take a few years for you to bring up to your corporate global standards like retail presentation and taking over some of the manufacturing to your factories where margins should theoretically be better than agreements you had with your license partners.  It seems that you have some profit drivers in that market regardless of what some people think could be a relatively sluggish retail environment for Japan. I was hoping you could help us think about the impact of improving profits in Japan on core results in the next few quarters and maybe if there are a few trigger dates that we should think about that there could be an inflection point in profitability there? 
Roger Farah: Yes, that's a good question. We have different situations depending on what the license arrangement was and you're correct. In Japan where we've now over the last couple years put together most of the licenses we have been on a process of centralizing and building one organization that will plan and allocate the business in a more global way. We also have IT systems rolling in there now to help them run the business better. Manufacturing has been moved into our global manufacturing group, same for supply change and logistics. So we've made a lot of the changes to integrate the Japanese business into the bigger global platform which will begin to play out really next year and then from then on. So while the market is challenged and there is no doubt the overall market in Japan is not buoyant, we do expect improvements in the profitability of Japan and we expect it to be one of the most profitable countries we have. It has a market cadence that really has extended full price selling, very little promotional activity and it really should be a high margin business once we get all the pieces and parts running. So I think in fiscal  our fiscal '11 and beyond  I think we're expecting to see the Japanese business make meaningful contributions. And they're successful now but I think it's going to go to another level. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephanie Wissink  Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie Wissink  Piper Jaffray:  I just want to focus on Europe, Roger, if you could just give us a sense with respect to the real estate environment are you seeing deals improve and has that changed your strategy about thinking of going direct in some of these markets? Is there a reduction in key monies and how would you prioritize the markets of opportunity?
Roger Farah: Well, I think the fair statement is that whether it's the United States or Europe there has been at least a flexibility exhibited in discussing real estate now where perhaps there was an inflexibility prior to September of a year ago.  And so what we are seeing is more properties are available, certain brands have contracted or pulled back on their stores. So there are some key markets that in the past you would have waited years and years and years to at least have available properties; now it's coming up. The question is who you're bidding against, who wants it, what the use is for and ultimately what you think you can do with it. So I do believe the environment is more favorable now to finding the right kind of properties, whether it's key money or the rent or any of the other particulars that go into it.  I think those are more open for discussion now than they might have been in the past. I think on the other part of the world Asia, has continued to be a red hot market for the right kind of real estate and I think you have to be careful there about getting too hungry to get a space and then find out you have the wrong one. But the rent terms in Asia are much shorter generally three-to-five years versus longer terms in the United States or Europe so I think properties do turn over more quickly in Asia, albeit I haven't seen a softening in the pricing yet.
Operator: Our final question today will come from Christine Chen  Needham & Company.
Christine Chen  Needham & Company:  I was just wondering, you moved around the timing of your charity event that I guess you to be a Friends and Family event and then I just noticed Private Sale was actually starting a little bit earlier this quarter than it normally is and I'm just wondering what the rationale would be behind that?
Roger Farah: Sure, we actually eliminated our Friends and Family which we didn't think we needed. Last year it was bigger and longer and while we had an event it was designed to be more gross margin-friendly and shorter in duration, primarily driven by strong full priced sell through in the fall product. And then we aligned the Private Sale to be on the same timing as our wholesale customers. So that there wasn't a misalignment in timing between what our wholesale accounts were doing and retail. So with those alignments both of which should be gross margin friendly we came through the fall selling period well and fortunately the customer was not shy about buying product during the early part of fall when they saw something they liked. So those two changes I think were thoughtfully done and have proven to be positives both in terms of sales and margin.  Operator was that the last question?
Operator: That was the last question, yes.
Roger Farah: Okay. Thank you all for listening in. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to reporting holiday results in early February. Thank you
Operator: And thank you again for your participation in today's conference call this does conclude the event.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Roger Farah  President & COO Tracey Travis  CFO James Hurley  IR
Analysts:  Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Kate McShane - Citigroup David Glick - Buckingham Research Christine Chen - Needham & Company Jeffery Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Evren Kopelman - JPMorgan Jennifer Black  Jennifer Black & Associates  
Presentation: 
Operator: Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Laurens first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir.
James Hurley: Good morning and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Laurens first quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. The agenda for the call today includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on broader strategic initiatives, and then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the first quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2010. After that we will open the call up for your questions which we ask that you limit to one per caller. As you know well be making some forward-looking statements today, including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now Id like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah: Thank you James and good morning everyone. Today we reported first quarter results that I believe demonstrate the focus and responsiveness of our organization to very challenging global consumer spending trends.  Our first quarter revenues declined 8% and our earnings per diluted share were 18% below prior year period when we reported record first quarter results. I believe however the quality of our results tell a different story. As many of you know we have prepared for weaker consumer demand trends for some time. Nearly two years ago we took proactive measures to reduce shipments across our various channels of distribution.  So even though our shipment volumes are down, our sell throughs and margin trends are stronger and we continue to gain market share at our leading wholesale accounts around the world.  Our commitment to product development and the clarity of our merchandising initiatives which focus on targeted assortments that offer outstanding enduring value in unique channels of distribution have also been important contributors to our market share gains.  The improvements in our first quarter gross profit margins speak not only to our improved sell throughs but also to the progress weve made to diversify our product distribution mix and to develop our international presence.  These efforts have been supported further by our sophisticated supply chain and sourcing organizations where we are leveraging our global scale and becoming more nimble in responding to near-term consumer demand trends.  Our operating expenses for the quarter were better than expected even as we maintained our investment spending. We executed against decisions to align our expenses with more challenging sales trends and we are using those savings to fund other high growth, high margin opportunities.  This delicate balance between near-term market realities and our commitment to our long-term growth objectives is a defining characteristic of our organization and is even more critical in such unsettling market conditions.  And once again we improved our already impressive financial condition ending the first quarter with an excellent balance sheet characterized by more than $1 billion in cash while we continued to invest for the future.  The pace and sequencing of our strategic growth initiatives, one, those being international development, two, our direct to consumer expansion, and three, the development of new products has been a key component to the consistency of our historic sales and earnings performance resulting in a more than doubling of our net income and a nearly quadrupling of our operating cash flows over the last five years.  It has also helped offset some of the impact of lower domestic demand trends we have experienced over the last year. And we continue to have a compelling long-term growth trajectory ahead of us.  This is not meant to minimize the progress weve made on our past efforts such as assuming control of and growing our childrenswear and Lauren products or the developing of Europe into a $1 billion-plus market.  We still see considerable opportunities for childrenswear and Lauren particularly internationally and Europe still has enormous development opportunities in front of it. For our current and future efforts we are concentrating on accessories in the Asia Pacific regions representing categories and geographies where we believe we are significantly under penetrated. We are fortunate to have strong leadership in place to capitalize on these opportunities. In Japan were making progress immersing our retail partners in the world of Ralph Lauren. In the context of weak market trends, Japanese retailers are responding favorably to the authenticity of our brand and our products and our unique ability to engage customers by [tiering] merchandise from the aspirational to the heights of luxury.  Our efforts are greatly facilitated by the fact that we now have all core power categories managed by our Japanese leadership team. We continue to invest in new technology and global processes to aid the development of this critical market which we will complete the integration of three standalone businesses into one by the end of the year.  And we are actively preparing for the transition of our wholesale and retail distribution in Southeast Asia. We have drawn from our global talent pool and company-wide best practices to build teams, systems and processes that not only prepare us to assume direct management of this region on January 1, 2010, but will also support our future expansion efforts.  By the end of fiscal 2010 we expect to have more than 200 locally based employees building our corporate and operational infrastructure and more than 500 store line employees. This is in addition to our 500-person manufacturing group based in Southeast Asia.  So we will have a significant presence and talent pool that is critical for this region. As we highlighted last quarter weve developed a compelling long-term growth strategy for Southeast Asia and China in particular.  I am sure you have seen the recent news flow from many luxury retailers regarding the exceptional growth that they are experiencing in China. Many of these brands are far more developed in this region than we are at this time, so we are clearly very excited about the significant opportunity that is available to us.  Speaking about our international development we recently welcomed Hubert Joly, President and CEO of the Carlton Companies to our Board of Directors. We believe Mr. Jolys vast experience in hospitality and customer service on a global scale will provide us with youthful perspective as we continue to strengthen and expand our business around the world.  Regarding our direct to consumer efforts we continue to focus on leading domestic and international markets, both with our directly operated stores and for our various licensed locations. As you saw in todays release same store sales trends for our retail segment remained soft although the size of the comp store decline improved from last quarter.  The weakness is concentrated in the United States. Our international retail comps are positive in constant currency. Our retail segment is up against several years of consistently strong comp growth, a challenge in and of itself, and one that is one that is obviously intensified by the current economic conditions that have had a negative impact on consumer traffic, conversion, and average transaction size.  RalphLauren.com which is an increasingly important component of our direct to consumer strategy continues to grow at double-digit rates indicating that our domestic customers clearly have a desire to shop.  In addition to strong international performance the improvement in retail profitability during the first quarter demonstrates the effectiveness of our efforts to respond to the rapidly evolving external dynamics. We are managing our expenses to be in line with lower sales and the fourth quarter restructuring efforts have helped to bolster our profits.  We recently announced we will continue our relationship with the US Olympic as an official outfitter for the US Olympics and Paralympic teams for 2010 and 2012 in Vancouver and London respectively. Associated products for mens, womens, and children will be available for sale in our own retail stores, at RalphLauren.com, in US Olympic shops, and at selected department stores. In addition to being an enormous source of pride for our company our association with the US Olympics provides us with a very compelling exposure to our customers around the world. The tremendous media coverage of the Beijing Olympics exposed our brands to an important emerging customer base for us just as the association with Wimbledon has done for us in Europe.  Those impressions will become even more impactful as we develop our wholesale and retail distribution in China over the next several years. While it is difficult to sit here today and report lower sales and earnings, we expected this dynamic to emerge and planned carefully for it.  Although industry-wide sales trends make it hard to be optimistic about the outlook for consumer spending, our team is executing well and we are very much in control of the controlables.  We remain intensely focused on aggressively pursuing market share gains across brands and regions, balancing our characteristic prudence with strategic opportunism. We believe the sophistication of our sourcing, supply chain and logistics operations will allow us to better read and react to the change in consumer behavior than ever before, enabling us to chase goods if demand increases, or to reduce exposure if demand slackens.  Regardless of the near-term market dynamics we continue to have a clear compelling growth strategy ahead of us and our company has a long standing track record of success. We intend to emerge from this recession as even a stronger organization.  So before I turn the call over to Tracey, I think Ralph and I would like to thank all of the employees for their continued hard work and flexibility in navigating through this difficult environment. Were extremely proud of and grateful for their accomplishments and Id also like to thank the shareholders for their continued support.  And now Ill turn it over to Tracey. 
Tracey Travis : Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. For the first quarter consolidated net revenues were $1 billion or 8% below the prior year period. The decline in revenues primarily reflects lower planned domestic wholesale shipments and a 9% reduction in global same store sales at our retail segment.  The net negative impact of currency translation on our total reported revenue growth for the quarter was slightly more than 2%. Relative to the guidance we provided you in late May our wholesale revenue performance was in line with our expectations, while our retail comps were better than the mid teens decline we originally anticipated and that was primarily as a result of stronger performance in our international stores as Roger just mentioned. Our gross profit rate increased 140 basis points to 58.7% in the first quarter which was achieved on top of a 200 basis point gain in the prior year period. The net unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation on our gross margin rate was approximately 20 basis points.  The expansion in the gross profit rate reflects improved wholesale and retail segment margins particularly in Europe and Japan. In addition to strong sell through performance the higher gross profit rate is also a result of supply chain initiatives which have allowed us to move more product via lower cost modes of transportation and have therefore yield freight savings on our inbound inventory. Our supply chain organization manages the sourcing of our product from approximately 45 countries and the shipment of that product to nearly 80 countries. As we have assumed more direct control over various product categories and regions, we are increasingly capitalizing on our scale and our improved global coordination capabilities to enhance profitability.  Operating expenses in the first quarter were approximately 2% below the comparable period last year and modestly better than the guidance we provided on our last earnings call. The lower operating expenses reflect the benefits of our focus on expense management and the restructuring efforts we implemented and discussed with you during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 as well as a net favorable foreign currency effect. However these benefits were mostly offset by incremental investment in newly acquired and emerging businesses that support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Operating income for the first quarter was $117 million, 20% below the prior year period and our operating margin for the quarter was 11.4%, 180 basis points below that of the first quarter of fiscal 2009. The declines in operating income and the operating margin rate were primarily due to lower sales and higher operating expenses associated with our business expansion that were partially offset by the higher gross margin and company-wide cost control and restructuring initiatives.  Net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 declined 19% to $77 million and net income per diluted share was $0.76 which was 18% below the comparable prior year period. The declines in net income and diluted earnings per share principally relate to the lower operating income Ive just discussed that were partially offset by an effective tax rate of 33% in the first quarter fiscal 2010 compared to 35% in the prior year period.  The lower effective tax rate is primarily a result of a favorable geographic mix of income. Moving on to our segment highlights for the quarter I will begin with our wholesale segment where sales declined 10% to $520 million and were down 7% in constant currency primarily due to lower planned shipments for most of our domestic products including American Living.  The decline was partially offset by incremental revenues related to our childrenswear and golf apparel in Japan. The lower first quarter shipment volume to US department stores are a continued response as I am sure you know to declines in consumer spending across the channel.  From a category perspective in the US our childrenswear product has been the most resilient and we continue to grow product categories such as dresses and footwear. Other strong performers during the first quarter were our Polo mens sportswear, our Lauren jeans company merchandise and Chaps.  In Europe our brands have performed well in a challenging environment. During the first quarter we experienced good retail sell throughs and year over year growth at most of our largest European wholesale accounts. In terms of product and geographic trends, they remained consistent with those we highlighted last quarter, namely womens wear performance remained particularly strong, the UK, United Kingdom is our best performing region and trends in Spain remained weak.  With respect to our recently launched Lauren product in Europe sales are meeting expectations. Fashion capsules are outperforming more classic merchandise and shops and larger more affluent locations have outperformed smaller, more remote locations.  The reception to Lauren in Germany and Switzerland has been particularly encouraging. In Japan sales of our core products continue to be challenging across the board coinciding with broader Japanese department store trends. That said, some of our innovative programs such as outpost of create your own Polo products has been contributors and generating incremental sales in this region.  Later this month the world of Ralph Lauren will be featured in all windows of [Isitan Chinjuko] one of the countrys premier department stores and there will be a coordinated outpost strategy focused on our various mens, womens, and childrenswear products on the highly trafficked main cosmetics floor and throughout the store.  Our first quarter wholesale operating income was $76 million and the operating margin rate was 14.6% compared to 18.7% in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. The lower wholesale operating margin rate was primarily a result of lower domestic shipment volumes and higher expenses associated with the integration of our Japanese childrenswear and golf apparel operations which more than offset an improved wholesale gross profit margin.  The net unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation also had an approximately 50 basis point impact on the wholesale operating margin. For our retail group, first quarter sales declined 6% to $463 million. Overall comp store sales which now include RalphLauren.com were down 9% or 7% in constant currency reflecting a 25% reduction at Ralph Lauren stores, a 4% reduction at factory stores, and a 15% reduction at Club Monaco stores.  In addition to lower overall traffic and transactions the continued reduction in tourist travel in most of our major markets and particularly in the New York Metro area, continues to have a negative impact on our same store sales performance.   As Roger mentioned earlier RalphLauren.com has continued to grow revenues in this environment with sales rising 14% in the first quarter driven primarily by strong double-digit growth in customer traffic. Childrenswear, accessories, and footwear products posted the strongest sales gain during the quarter and personalization features such as our create your own programs have been particularly successful for RalphLauren.com. With respect to our European retail operations, the United Kingdom and the Benelux countries were our top performing regions during the first quarter for our Ralph Lauren stores while France and Italy continued to be challenged with significantly lower tourist traffic.  Our factory stores are benefiting across the board from broad based strength throughout Europe although the United Kingdom again continues to post the largest comp growth in the region.  The UK stores are benefiting from an increase in tourism among continental Europeans. We opened two directly operated stores and closed three stores during the quarter ending the quarter with 325 directly operated stores globally.  Our retain segment operating income grew in the first quarter to $70 million which was 4% higher than the $67 million of retail operating income in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. The retail operating margin was 15.1%, 150 basis points greater than the prior year period. The growth we experienced in retail operating income and the expansion in margin rate was the result of strong international performance, disciplined expense management, and the benefit of restructuring actions that we took in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, all of which more than offset the decline in retail segment revenues.  Licensing royalties for the quarter were $41 million, 12% below the prior year period due to a decline in Japanese product licensing revenues related to the childrenswear and golf apparel acquisitions and to lower fragrance licensing revenues.  Operating income for our licensing segment however increased 6% to $26 million in the first quarter. The growth was primarily related to lower costs associated with the transition of formally licensed Japanese products to our wholesale segment.  As Roger highlighted earlier we ended the first quarter with more than $1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments compared to $820 million at the end of fiscal 2009. Net of debt we had $671 million in cash and short-term investments at the end of the first quarter, a 62% increase compared to the $414 million net cash position we had at the end of fiscal 2009. As many of you know we recently completed a partial tender offer and repurchased approximately 91 million euro of our 300 million euro note, a transaction that settled in our second quarter and allowed us to leverage our cash balance to retire this portion of our debt at a discount.  We expect to record an approximate $4 million gain related to the transaction in our second quarter. We ended the first quarter with inventory up 8% from the same period in the prior year. Excluding non comp Japanese childrenswear and golf inventory which we referenced over the last three quarters, our consolidated inventory was up 5% as we transitioned distribution of these products during the second quarter of last year.  This is the last quarter we were have non comp inventory associated with the Japanese childrenswear and golf apparel. The remaining portion of the increase in inventory is primarily related to a shift in the timing of receipts associated with supply chain cost savings initiatives.  This includes a shift in mix from air freighting a portion of our fall receipts that would typically be delivered in the second quarter to taking receipt of those goods in the first quarter and shipping them via ocean in order to monetize the meaningful freight cost savings.  Due to continued improvements made in the planning calendar and to the order flow to factories we are very comfortable with the cost benefit of pursuing supply chain and logistic savings opportunities that still allow us to maintain the currency of our global inventory.  This does however increase the in-transit time of a portion of our inventory by a few weeks. We spent approximately $18 million on CapEx during the first quarter to support new retail stores, wholesale shop installations, and other infrastructure investments.  We are now six weeks into the second quarter of fiscal 2010 and trends generally remain consistent with those in the first quarter. As a result we along with our wholesale partners are continuing to plan shipments and receipts carefully.  In this mornings press release we outlined our expectations for fiscal 2010 which I would briefly like to review. With respect to our sales outlook we continue to expect consolidated revenues to decline by a high single-digit rate for the full year which includes a net unfavorable foreign currency translation effect.  For the second quarter we expect both wholesale revenues and comp store sales to decline by a low double-digit rate. Id like to remind you that we are comparing against our strongest retail comp performance versus last year in the second quarter. Due to sustained investment in our long-term growth initiatives we currently expect operating expenses for the second quarter to be modestly below those in the comparable prior year period.  As a reminder we expect investment spending related to the development of our Southeast Asia operations to ramp up more meaningfully in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2010 as we prepare for the full transition of this business.  Of course we remain focused on managing all aspects of our operating expenses and working capital to appropriate levels for the current global environment. Our first quarter results demonstrate our ability to take definitive action in the face of significant challenges.  We believe weve made the best investments that balance the near-term market realities with our commitment to our long-term growth objectives. We are confident in our product and geographic diversification strategies, the power of our targeted brand portfolio, the dedication of our global teams, the strength of our balance sheet, and our ability to continue to deliver strong profitable growth over the long-term.  And with that Ill conclude the companys remarks and we will open the call up for question-and-answers. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Omar Saad - Credit Suisse
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Very nice quarter, could you go into a little bit more detail and help explain the mechanics of some of the supply chain initiatives and how you expect that to work out, use some anecdotes to explain how thats going to translate to higher gross margin. Obviously the gross margin this quarter was phenomenal. 
Tracey Travis : Thanks, yes, there are a number of different initiatives and we actually started talking about these a little bit last year at a very high level, calling out the fact that we were working on supply chain initiatives. Those being really trying to consolidate our orders overseas at the factory base so we could benefit from pooling of shipments and therefore saving freight savings. We talked about the fact that we are trying to in our planning calendar and have been successful at improving the planning calendar which allows us to receive goods from factories earlier and [boat] those goods as opposed to shipping those goods and a variety of other things that have really manifested themselves in terms of benefits this year as it relates to margin.  So, with the evolution of our brand and the fact that we now control more of our brands, this really has been beneficial to us in terms of pooling of resources, pooling of inventory and allowing us to realize some good savings in this area. 
Roger Farah : I think Im going to add to Traceys remarks because I think its an important issue and it obviously comes through the P&L in a variety of ways here, as Tracey said we have a very complicated manufacturing and global distribution system that allows us to manufacture product in 45 countries and turn around and ship it to 80 countries and so the classic thought around distribution and logistics I dont think has really been looked at the way weve developed.  And if you look at a three month delivery window for fall, so thats usually June, July and August, usually that first month which is the heaviest piece is historically air shipped because you have the shortest time from design to manufacturing and then the ratio of air to boat turns a little bit different in the second month and the third month.  We set up really whats an air traffic controller concept in Asia so that at the last minute we can decide depending on need and depending on what stage of manufacturing were in, whether to get the savings off of boat or whether air shipments are needed and it allowed us to shave dramatic costs out of the transit line of the margin.  So its a concept thats in place and should pay benefits for us as we continue to move forward and try to service distribution of our 80 countries. Did I put you to sleep or is that [enough]. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Let me add my congratulations, I also have a question on supply chain, I was actually just in Asia last week and at some of the factories that manufacture and first just a comment, they were very complementary on the things that you were doing and called you out as one of the more forward thinking direct importers so congrats on that. I guess as it relates to the product costs, do you see an opportunity for costs to go lower, some of the, outside of just what your own initiatives are, just because of the market has changed and demand is down for global manufacturing.  
Roger Farah :  I think its a good call out, first I have to give our people Jackie and her team and our supply chain and manufacturing people a lot of credit. We are I think on the cutting edge of new thoughts and new ways of handling it partly out of need, multiple brands and multiple countries at multiple price points have forced us to be incredibly good at this.  But I also think our partners in Asia and around the world have been receptive to new ways of thinking about this and so its really been a quite fascinating collaboration. I think over the long haul the opportunities come out of both logistics and distribution breakthroughs but I think it also comes from cost of goods. There is no doubt with worldwide demand being down that we are able to enter discussions with our partners about where we can look to get cost of good savings appropriately without at all diminishing the quality and thats whether its a high end product or whether its something for a Kohls or Pennys.  And I think our team has been able to read that and make the adjustments whether its in raw materials or the cost of production or ultimately the cost of transportation. I think thats why Tracey remarked earlier we were up 200 basis points last year in the first quarter margin and again I think 140 basis points this year.  Those are pretty startling numbers given the difficult market that existed last year and again in this quarter. I think it speaks to the cost of goods, the supply chain initiatives and I think improves sell throughs, selling in the right amount of goods and getting the sell throughs at a more healthy level even as the customer is contracting a bit.  So I appreciate that call out by them. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: I guess the question I have is on your retail stores can you talk a little bit more around I guess any geographic call outs on the full line Ralph Lauren stores whether the New York stores are really weighing you down or any additional thoughts you might have in terms of the trends of the business there. 
Roger Farah : I would say that our retail stores first and I think Tracey referenced this, performed on a comp currency basis, we had a comp increase internationally so outside the US for one has performed better. Even within that number those cities that have historically had high tourist businesses are suffering a bit. So where in the past weve gotten heavy tourist action in a Paris or Milan, those are a little softer. The rest of the fleet has been quite good. Quite frankly with the exchange rate in England meaning a weaker pound, they have gotten a tremendous amount of continental Europe tourist business which has helped both the full price stores and the outlets.  Here in the United States I would say those stores that have also had heavy tourist business are suffering the most. The actual year over year tourist decline that we can measure in those gateway cities is in about the 30% range so its one part the domestic customer and its the second part a significant fall off in the international tourist that the gateway cities enjoyed in prior years.  So we think the non-tourist stores are performing reasonably well in this environment but with New York being a pretty dense part of our geographic footprint were feeling it here. Does that help. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kate McShane - Citigroup Kate McShane - Citigroup I was wondering if you could break down how much of your inventory growth during the quarter was from the shifting in timing of some of your deliveries and how much was from the Japanese business.  Roger Farah  Im not sure we can do that, I think Tracey did point out that the Japanese incremental business was about 4.5% of the incremental. The extra in-transit as we owned the product that we spoke about earlier boat versus air was a piece of it. And I think the rest is scattered around in smaller numbers but I dont know that I could give you that off the top of our head. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Glick - Buckingham Research
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Congrats on the quarter, just a question on value and sometimes value can also mean price, it also connotes a lot of other things, but offering value has become a really big push across the spectrum of the retail and apparel industry from discount to luxury and Im sure that some of your retail partners are clamoring for you to provide them more value in the assortments and Im just wondering how you were approaching that important issue across the spectrum of your business in order to drive sales while still maintaining the integrity of your brand and your profitability and then just if you could give us a quick update on the timing of the handbag launch in department stores, I would appreciate that as well. 
Roger Farah : Well lets start with the value question, quite frankly one of the benefits of our corporation is that weve got a tiered brand portfolio that allows customers to merchandise within that. We can do that in our own stores by choosing to distort either a blue label or a black label versus a collection in times like this, and our customers can do that.  We are very proud of the collection luxury shop that just opened at Saks Fifth Avenue, its the best of the best but we will also open in September a blue label wholesale distribution for the United States for the first time with Saks. So their customers will be able to pick from a collection assortment or a black label assortment or now a blue label assortment.  So part of the way we respond to value with our wholesale or retail is really in our ability to mix different levels of product offering. Second within the brands and within the labels theres a wide range of choice in terms of price points that can be assorted to reflect location, urban, suburban, or different geographies so that gives flexibility as well.  And I would say the whole merchandising team here lastly is very conscious of the value question and I think weve looked at where appropriate key price points can be emphasized and gotten behind in a way that I think gives the customer a very, very comfortable level of depending on the label and the price what theyre getting versus what theyre paying.  So I think weve approached it in multiple ways. I think the customer that is looking to buy at a lower level has an opportunity and those that are still looking to buy at the highest level I think will like the fall products quite a bit.  Id like to hold off on the handbag or accessory questions until maybe the next call in November. I think that would be the appropriate time for us to give you a more complete update on accessories in general. Weve spent a lot of time talking about Asia and I think well give you a more robust feel for that next call, if you dont mind. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Chen - Needham & Company
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Congratulations on a good quarter in a tough environment. I was just wondering if you could comment on how youre feeling about inventory at your wholesale customers. I mean they certainly have been cutting back and cutting back and I know youve been aggressively managing your inventories there but is there a point in the second half of this calendar 2009 year where perhaps inventories have been cut too much. 
Roger Farah : Well I think thats a question we all are trying to wrestle with. I think the wholesale accounts are buying products now against a trend that has not really changed since the middle of last fall. And while I think well see what July looks like when they report later this week, I dont know that July is a real indicator of what fall will be.  I think the retailers will continue to order cautiously against reduced sales trends and try to get better sell throughs, better margins and better turns until the customer really dictates that theyre in a different mind set.  Having said that what weve tried to do and as we talked about in our prepared remarks, the last couple of years weve tried to work with them in our planning to make sure the sell in is appropriate which has improved our sell throughs and our margins both for us and for them and I think thats well known and well acknowledged.  I think the other thing were trying to do is develop this response capability that allows us to chase good selling items or trends on a much quicker cycle then in the past maybe we could have accommodated. And I think that is beginning to reflect itself in chase orders that I think this fall and into next spring should help us.  But I think until the customer comes back in a more rigorous way I think wholesale, retail is going to be a dynamic about getting the supply and demand in alignment which I think is a healthy thing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffery Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray
Jeffery Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Congratulations as well everyone on a well managed quarter, question about Europe wholesale versus US, can you give us any more color with respect to your outlook in terms of growth rates what youre expecting out of Europe on a constant currency basis versus the US market and then any more you could share on the anticipated margin structure of Europe and Asia versus the US, seems pretty compelling in terms of the mix benefiting your margins as Europe continues to grow and then just lastly your tax guidance for the year, at 35%, a little higher than this quarter, does that imply that youre expecting the mix of international domestic to change for the balance of the year.
Roger Farah :  Im going to try the first two and Tracey will try the third, our wholesale business in Europe has continued to be strong. We continue to pick up market share. It is not a question of new distribution and as you know weve talked in prior calls the distribution in Europe is about 50% specialty door and about 50% larger department store and quite frankly weve come off a strong spring in both cases. So while weve planned the business in Europe for modest growth in a constant currency basis, I think the sell throughs and the market share gains and our performance does give us some optimism about our ability through the balance of this year and into spring summer of next year to continue to pick up share.  I dont see the same pull back by the customers for our products in Europe. I think parts of Europe as we all know are suffering economically but we continue to move through that both in our mens, womens, kids, and with the new Lauren business were feeling very good about it.  I think in the United States as I said earlier to Christine, I think until the retail sales performance picks up I think our domestic customer base is going to continue to be cautious. The margin structure quite frankly in wholesale and retail is higher internationally then domestically. The amount of sale activity is carefully controlled in most international countries.  Full price sell throughs are higher and in some cases our global pricing on same items allows us to make a bit of a higher initial mark. So all of that dovetails with our overall strategy of growing the international businesses and while its complicated to do that I think it does add to the margin growth and I think you saw some of that over the last couple of years and I think youve seen some of that in the first quarter as we continue to hopefully benefit in Europe and grow our international Asia Pacific region, I think that should continue to drive margin opportunities.
Tracey Travis : With respect to the tax rate, what we had called out before and we talked about on our fourth quarter call was the fact that we were expecting and we experienced in this quarter a negative impact from exchange rates for the quarter and we were expecting that for the full year.  We had a little bit of improvement as it relates to exchange rates and obviously our international business performed better therefore we had a benefit from geographic mix related to the tax rate. If those trends continue well end up with a better tax rate for the full year but right now our forecast is consistent with what we had provided in the fourth quarter in terms of mix of income. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could help us on the investment in Asia, it sounds as if a meaningful ramp in the third and the fourth quarter, perhaps quantify any sort of potential dilution coming from that investment and then the second it sounds as if this perhaps was the first quarter that RL.com was included in the comp calculation, perhaps give us a sense of how much that added to the comps. 
Tracey Travis : With respect to the investment in Southeast Asia, we havent other than to your point talked about the fact that it is meaningful, we have not talked specifically in terms of what that is. I think you can expect as we called out, expenses slightly better in the first quarter and expectation of slightly better in the second quarter. In the third quarter when we see a ramp up in Southeast Asia we will not be experiencing that so thats just a little bit of a flavor. There will be a significant ramp up in the third and fourth quarter. Roger mentioned the amount of people that we are bringing on board. The office investment that were making, the information technology investment that were making, all of that contributes to the general investment in Southeast Asia but we havent given a specific number as it relates to that.  In terms of Ralph Lauren media, the comp performance in the quarter was down 9%. Excluding Ralph Lauren media the comp performance was down 11%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman - JPMorgan Evren Kopelman - JPMorgan Question on the operating margins in the retail segment, it was really impressive that they were up 150 basis points on a down nine comp so there are two questions there I guess, one you highlighted the international comps being positive, can you talk about the margins in the US, were they down actually in the quarter or were they up as well because of the restructuring actions. And then can we expect a similar dynamic in the second quarter on slightly worse comp expectations. 
Roger Farah : Lets talk for a minute about how we plan our retail business coming off the third and fourth quarter comp declines that you all know about we had no reason to believe first or second quarter of this year would be significantly different.  Obviously when we hit the middle of September last year and the business just changed radically well see how we fair against those numbers as we go around the horn. There is an expectation that against those weaker third and fourth quarter comps, the comps will begin to optically look better.  But we have not planned for an improvement in consumer spending really in the plan as weve got it currently constructed. I think the operating margins in retail were impressive in the first quarter. To experience that kind of comp decrease and end up with a higher operating profit then last year I think probably puts us in unique company.  It was a combination of better merchandise gross margins. Some of thats markup, some of thats reducing the buy against reduced sales which allowed for better sell throughs and in the end I think it was also the expense work we did in the back half of last year where we took aggressive action to align it with the sales trends we were seeing and we were expecting to get.  I think all in all that added up to a pretty remarkable first quarter supplemented by better results internationally then domestically. So when you put all that together, and put the brick and mortar business down but the online business up, Im very pleased with the fact that we actually ended up with higher operating income in the quarter than this time last year. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jennifer Black  Jennifer Black & Associates 
Jennifer Black  Jennifer Black & Associates : Let me add my congratulations as well, youve talked about the softening in career suiting which most companies have talked about and I was curious to know if you think this is a cycle or a permanent change in the way todays consumer lives their lives and I wondered if you have better adjusted your assortment to better reflect the trends today and then have you had any thoughts to take advantage of the real estate opportunities and possibly open an accessory only store.
Roger Farah : Lets talk about the mix of the female business, its true that the career business over the last year has been more challenging and the casual business has been stronger. Some of that movement has actually moved into dresses which continue to be a strong business in the industry and a strong business for us. And I think thats a combination of a more casual workplace. I think it also reflects more women working from home. Many companies are now from a technology point of view set up to allow employees to work from their homes which certainly drives a more casual wardrobe and I dont discount at all the fact that a casual outfit is less expensive then a more tailored outfit.  So I think the economy plays into all three of those things. And within our womens business and if you use Lauren as an example, I clearly can say that our casual and jeans side of Lauren is stronger than the career side. So were seeing it in our own business.  Whether thats a permanent change or not is hard to tell. Ive always found when customers get comfortable in casual clothes, its hard to get them to want to go dressed up again. But I can also recall when casual Friday was in vogue and casual workplaces. As the economy has gotten more serious as I go around, I see more people wearing shirts and ties and dressing up so I dont think trends are ever permanent.  But I think theres something about this in combination with comfort, work at home and value that is probably going to be part of the mix to come. In terms of your second question I do think there are real estate opportunities in this market.  The early stages of it I think have had people focus on getting out of stores or trying to reduce rents or try to renegotiate to get rents more in line with sales trends. I think when that settles in, I think youll see that there will be opportunities to take advantage of more realistic rents really around the world. I dont think this is just a case of the United States, so I think we will look to be optimistic but we will never compromise the quality of the location just because we could get a good deal. Most of our real estate activity over the next couple of years following our overall strategy will focus on the Asia Pacific region as we look to create an appropriate network of owned stores to complement the distribution that were taking over from our licensed partners.  So I think with that weve answered all the questions. We appreciate your interest and attention. Any follow-up questions obviously James and Tracey are around today or tomorrow. We look forward to updating you in November.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-05-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley  Investor Relations  Roger Farah  President and Chief Operating Officer  Tracey T. Travis  Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Robert Ohmes - BAS-ML Kate McShane - Citigroup David Glick - Buckingham Research Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates 
Operator:  Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Laurens fourth quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. As a reminder todays conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir.
James Hurley:  Good morning and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Laurens fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2009 conference call. The agenda for the call today includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the year and comment on broader strategic initiatives, and then Tracey Travis our Chief Financial Officer will provide operational and financial highlights from the fourth quarter and full year in addition to reviewing some expectations for fiscal 2010. After that we will open up the call for your questions which we ask that you limit to one per caller. As you know well be making some forward-looking comments today, including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Todays discussion also includes non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between reported GAAP and adjusted non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release, a copy of which is available on our investor website and the SEC website. And now Id like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah:  Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. We are pleased to be reporting strong financial results today. Our fiscal 2009 revenues rose 3% and our adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 12%. These results were in fact stronger than our initial expectation for fiscal 2009 which we articulated in November of 2007, when the world was clearly in a much different state. We achieved these results even as we absorbed dilution related to the acquisition of our childrens wear and golf apparel license in Japan, and as we continued to make significant investment in long term initiatives and as global economic challenges intensified to unprecedented levels in the back half of the year. Our sales and margins have held up remarkably well across channels and geographies as we gained market share around the world and took definitive action to protect our profitability. We also ended fiscal 2009 in strong financial condition, with an excellent balance sheet characterized by more than $800 million in cash as well as managed inventories appropriately. I believe our fourth quarter and full year results demonstrate that we are navigating well through tremendous uncertainty. We were able to do this as a result of the strategic diversity of our operating model, the power of our brand portfolio, the desirability of our products, and the high level of operational control we have over our businesses.  Fiscal 2009 was really a year of two halves for us. In the first half of the year, we were prepared for weaker consumer demand trends thanks to the proactive measures we have taken to ship less product across our various channels of distribution after the first signs of a consumer slowdown that emerged in late 2007. As a result of our actions our sales and margin trends in the first half of fiscal 2009 were stronger than our expectations. We gained market share at our core wholesale accounts, we successfully launched the American Living brand across more than 40 product categories, and we maintained our consistent mid-single digit comp rate at our retail stores while preserving our profitability. The unprecedented economic challenges that emerged in September and impacted our second half of fiscal 2009 were clearly a game changer for all industries around the world. The corresponding pullback in consumer demand trends came fast and hard, and we were not immune. Interestingly it was the core luxury customer and tourists who retrenched the most. For us that meant our retail comps reversed their consistent multi-year mid-single digit growth rate and declined at a double digit rate as traffic levels dropped significantly and the environment became extremely promotional.  The challenges at our retail store were balanced with the strength in other areas of our company. Our products continued to perform strongly with our various domestic wholesale partners and RalphLauren.com and our European business continuing to grow.  We also responded to the rapidly changing environment by implementing strong expense and inventory disciplines throughout the organization, including a company wide restructuring effort in the fourth quarter which we expect to benefit from as we move into fiscal 2010. Even as weve managed through such unsettled market conditions we continue to execute against our long term strategic objectives in fiscal 2009. The investments we make in our future growth initiatives are critical and we have the balance sheet and cash flows to continue to support them. In fact, the strategic investments we made over the last several years to expand our direct to consumer reach, grow internationally and develop new products that have helped us offset some of the impact of lower domestic shipments of our core products during fiscal 2009. RalphLauren.com is a pillar of our strategy to expand our direct to consumer reach. The site sales grew 19% last year, approximately four times faster than total online sales and is in the ninth year of consecutive double digit growth. The investments we have made in RalphLauren.com which include buying back total control of the business two years ago, building out a dedicated fulfillment and customer care center last year, launching Rugby.com last summer and driving traffic to the site through some of the most innovative marketing initiatives in our industry is clearly paying off. We continue to invest in the technology supporting RalphLauren.com and to enhance the customer shopping experience whether through energizing the site with rich editorial content, launching iPhone applications or growing our mobile commerce capabilities. We expect many years of strong growth from RalphLauren.com particularly as we contemplate rolling it out globally over the next several years. Europe was another area of remarkable strength for us during fiscal 2009. We maintained double digit constant currency growth throughout the year even as macro pressures intensified in the back half. Of course this growth rate is even more impressive given that we have grown our European sales more than five fold over the last seven years. We believe there is still much room for our wholesale and resale segments to expand their reach throughout Europe. We are in the midst of a market redevelopment strategy in France which includes some high profile flagship store locations as well as revitalizing presentations of all our brands in many leading department stores. We just introduced Lauren, our largest womens brand in terms of sales volume, into about 80 European doors. So the global potential for that brand is only just beginning. And we have only just begun to explore Eastern Europe, primarily through licensing partnerships. The incredible strides weve made in developing our European business has been supported by an outstanding leadership team based in Geneva.  We also continue to make progress building our organization in Japan. The childrens wear and golf integration that began in the second quarter of fiscal 2009 and that we knew would be diluted this year has gone smoothly. We are pleased to have all core apparel categories managed by our Japanese leadership team. Our long term strategy to grow our sales volume in Japan will be supported by elevating the brand and refining the merchandise strategies to be more in line with the approach that has worked so well for us in the United States and Europe. We also intend to nurture under developed categories particular womens wear, childrens wear and accessories by supporting shop refurbishments and improving our adjacencies.  And we are now able to present a cohesive brand statement across many products. We are partnering with our wholesale customers to capitalize on additional collective growth opportunities. In order to support our Japanese growth strategies we have begun to roll out a series of information technology upgrades that will continue through fiscal 10 and support the consolidation and integration of what was previously three different organizations. Some of the benefits we expect to realize as a result of the Japanese system upgrades include better inventory allocation, improved fulfillment tracking and performance reporting as well as greater supply chain efficiency. Some of the most exciting news during the fourth quarter was that we have reached a definitive agreement to assume direct control of our wholesale and retail distribution in Southeast Asia beginning January 1, 2010. On that date we will not only have the rights to control our distribution in the region which include China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, and Thailand; we also will assume responsibility for approximately 43 standing locations and 100 shop-in-shops. Dickson Concept International Limited, our licensee for the region, will continue to operate the business for the next seven months. This transition of our Southeast Asia business marks a stride forward with respect to growing our international presence, particularly as it relates to achieving our long term goal of having approximately one-third of our revenue come from the Asia-Pacific region. While this goal is approximately double the current penetration of our Asia-Pacific region to our total sales mix, the market growth dynamics are very compelling and among the strongest in the world. Even though weve had a presence in Southeast Asia with a licensing partner for more than two decades, our business in this part of the world is relatively small, approximately $150 million in retail sales across all eight countries in the region. And it is compromised of only a fraction of our various brands and product categories. We believe the potential for our brands in China alone is tremendous. The Chinese appetite for global luxury brands continues to grow rapidly. In fact, the Chinese consumers are already among the largest customers of many European luxury brands, most of which have had direct control of their Chinese operations for several years. The work we will undertake to develop Southeast Asia is not unlike what weve done successfully in Europe and are currently doing in Japan. Namely elevating the position of the brand, layering in our luxury products, further developing our womens, children, accessory categories and refining our wholesale and retail distribution. This is clearly a meaningful investment for us not only in terms of the financial resources required in the near term but also the transformational impact this investment is expected to have on our long term growth profile. And there is a tremendous amount of work to be done. We are building a world class Greenfield organization in terms of people, processes and systems to support the retail and wholesale network of our stores and shops in the region. The timing of the transition allows us to begin building our Hong Kong based team that will manage Southeast Asia, and to plan for IT system implementation and store development initiatives ahead of going live in the region. We expect our most significant investment spending to be concentrated in the next two to three years as we grow from a handful of dedicated employees on the ground today to a couple hundred employees over the next three years.  In conjunction with our accelerated investment to pursue market share gains worldwide, we continue to refine our global operating standards. We are a complex company with respect to the breadth of products we sell, the channels through which we sell them and increasingly our global reach. Our bandwidth spans the worlds premiere fashion runways with our Ralph Lauren brands to the main streets of America with Chaps and American Living brands. And we not only design the product, we are sourcing it, flowing it around the world, marketing and advertising it and often selling it directly to the customer.  Now that we have considerable more direct control of the various aspects of our business worldwide, we are identifying and researching opportunities to evolve our core processes and the way we work across divisions, brands and regions. These efforts are designed to enhance our performance in a manner that will allow us to drive greater efficiencies and best leverage our considerable growth prospects. During the fourth quarter we took definitive action to reduce costs by restructuring aspects of our organization. Acts like this are often difficult, but they are consistent with the evolution of our company and the unprecedented economic challenges that have emerged over the last year. Our actions were primarily focused on our domestic resale and wholesale operations, areas where the business trends have been most negatively impacted by the slowdown in consumer spending, and resulted in the elimination of approximately 500 people from our organization. Having to reduce the workforce is a painful consequence of the external environment but I believe we made the best decision that balanced the near term market realities with our commitment to our long term growth objectives. One of the most important learnings that has come out of the experience of our industry through the last year have been that brands matter. Customers want brands they can trust, where they know they are getting high quality merchandise that has enduring value to them. This phenomena plays directly into our companys historic strength, not only for our core Ralph Lauren brands but also for Chaps and American Living. Our sustained investment in product innovation and marketing and advertising to support all of our brands differentiates our company, especially since we are leveraging our leadership in these disciplines across a wide range of target consumers.  As we sit here today, the global consumer remains very tentative. While sales trends appear to have stabilized, they are at lower levels and traffic remains depressed. When consumers do shop they are doing so with a fixed amount of disposable dollars and they are not spending beyond that limit. We are also finding that demand is strongest for need now, wear now merchandise. There is very little nice to have buying or purchasing ahead of next season. As a result we, along with our retail partners, continue to be cautious with respect to sales planning, inventory planning and receipt planning throughout the next year. Regardless of the near term market dynamics, we have a clear and compelling growth plan ahead of us. Our goal is to enhance shareholder value through strategic diversification and capital allocation that is meant to yield higher returns while mitigating risk over the long term. As I highlighted earlier we are leveraging our financial and managerial strength to opportunistically accelerate our investment in the development of our international markets, and we have a track record of success. We have proven our ability to do so in Europe, this work is underway in Japan, and we are in the early planning stages for Southeast Asia. We are driving productivity from more established markets and product categories as we aggressively invest in under penetrated high growth markets and product categories. Our financial and intellectual capital will be allocated accordingly. Our fiscal 2009 results demonstrate we can take appropriate action to navigate through whatever headwinds come our way while continuing to protect our long term strategic agenda. The desirability of our brands and products around the world, the diversity of our business model across channels and geographies, and the exceptional high execution of our management team contribute to our performance this past year. Just as we took definitive action to protect our profitability in fiscal 2009, we will continue to be proactive in positioning ourselves to emerge from the near term challenges as even a stronger global brand and company. Before I turn the call over to Tracey, Ralph and I would like to thank all of our employees for their hard work in navigating through this difficult environment. Your talent and dedication has really made a difference. And finally a special thanks to Judith McHale who resigned from our Board of Directors yesterday due to her recent appointment and confirmation as Undersecretary of Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs for the State Department. Judith was a valued member of our board since February of 2001 and provided us with tremendous insight and guidance during her tenure. We all wish her great success with her new position supporting Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. And now Tracey will report the results.
Tracey T. Travis:  Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. First I would like to briefly discuss the impairment and restructuring charges that we incurred during the fourth quarter. Then I will highlight for you the drivers of our fourth quarter sales and earnings per share performance. My commentary regarding our fourth quarter results will focus on the adjusted results that exclude the financial impact of the impairment and restructuring charges we incurred during both the current and prior year periods. You can find the reconciliation tables that bridge our reported and adjusted results in the supplemental financial information we provided in this mornings press release. Ill end my prepared remarks with our outlook for fiscal 2010. So beginning with the fourth quarter charges, the $48 million asset impairment charge we incurred during the fourth quarter was associated with the net carrying value of store related assets. It is largely a function of the economic environment and the impact it has had on current and expected sales trends at some of the companys directly operated retail stores primarily in the United States.  We also incurred a $21 million charge related to company wide restructuring efforts that were undertaken to better align our expenses with the slowdown in consumer spending. The restructuring charge was primarily related to the headcount reductions Roger mentioned earlier, but it also included certain costs associated with a small number of store closings. The combined impact of these impairment and restructuring charges on our fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.42 and inclusive of some charges incurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2009. The full year impact of impairment and restructuring charges was $0.49. Now let me move on to the overview of the fourth quarters financial results which again will be discussed on an adjusted basis and exclude the impact of the impairment and restructuring charges we just overviewed. Consolidated net revenues for the fourth quarter were $1.22 billion, 1% below the prior year period. The decline in revenues primarily reflects a 15.9% reduction in global same store sales at our retail segment that was partially offset by higher wholesale revenues. The net negative impact of currency translation on our total reported revenue growth for the fourth quarter was approximately 160 basis points. Our gross profit rate declined 250 basis points to 51.8% in the fourth quarter, a function of lower wholesale and retail segment margins, and 50 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency effect. Adjusted operating expenses in the fourth quarter were flat with the comparable period last year, reflecting some of the benefits of our focus on expense management as we also continue to invest in our long term strategic growth initiatives.  Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $109 million, 27% below the prior year period, and our adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 8.9%, 310 basis points below that of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. The decline in adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin rate was primarily due to lower wholesale and retail segment profitability, and the net unfavorable effect of foreign currency translation, all of which was partially offset by company wide cost control initiatives. Adjusted net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 declined 19% to $87 million and adjusted net income per diluted share was $0.86 which was 17% below the comparable prior year period. The declines in net income and diluted EPS principally relate to the lower operating income discussed that was partially offset by a net tax benefit in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, which was primarily a result of favorable geographic income mix, restructuring and impairment impact, and year end adjustments impacting the quarter. Before I move on to our segment highlights Id like to frame our better than expected fourth quarter earnings results for you relative to the guidance we provided back in February. We experienced stronger performance across all income statement line items although the net tax benefit, better profitability in our international operations inclusive of exchange rates, and disciplined expense management were the primary drivers of the actual results exceeding our expectations. Moving on to our segment highlights for the quarter, lets begin with our wholesale segment where sales increased 3% to $812 million primarily due to higher international wholesale revenues related to sales of childrens wear and golf apparel in Japan and double digit constant currency growth in Europe. In spite of the challenging sales trends reported in the U.S., our core mens, womens and childrens wear products continued to outperform in their respective categories during the fourth quarter. We transitioned to spring early and smoothly and the currency of our linear inventories along with the relevance of our brands and a focus on key items helped to drive our relative out performance. Mens wear continued to be more resilient than womens wear, consistent with the trend over the last several quarters, although our Chaps womens sales remained very strong. Our American Living volumes were down this quarter as we anniversaried shipments to support the brands launch last year and this is a trend we expect to continue throughout fiscal 2010. As you may have heard from J.C. Penney earlier this month, American Living is experiencing better retail sell throughs this spring based on the adjustments weve made to the merchandise assortments and inventory levels. In Europe, the United Kingdom was strong for us across all product categories during the quarter but in womens wear in particular. France and Germany are trending better than average and Spain remains weak. The first two months of Lauren sales in approximately 80 doors throughout Europe have been encouraging, particularly at larger urban locations, and we have received a large amount of favorable publicity surrounding the launch. In Japan where overall retail sales continue to be quite weak, our mens wear products are faring better than the overall department store trends, while our womens and childrens wear merchandise is performing approximately in line with category trends.  Our fourth quarter wholesale operating income was $165 million and the operating margin rate was 20.3% compared to 22.6% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. The lower operating margin rate was primarily a result of expenses in newly acquired and emerging businesses and a shift in our domestic wholesale product mix.  The net unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation also had an approximately 60 basis point impact on the wholesale operating margin. For our retail groups, fourth quarter sales declined 8% to $366 million. Overall comps to our sales were down 15.9% reflecting a 29.3% reduction at Ralph Lauren stores, an 8.8% reduction at factory stores and a 20.8% reduction at Club Monaco stores. We have a high percentage of our stores located in major urban centers and popular tourist destinations worldwide, and in the New York metro area in particular. The decline in tourist traffic as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar compared to last year has had a meaningfully negative impact on our traffic and sales trends across our domestic Ralph Lauren factory store and Club Monaco concepts. Weve experienced a drop off in tourist sales throughout Europe as well, although our UK stores did benefit from increased tourist traffic as a result of the weaker British pound relative to the euro during the quarter. These dynamics are another example of the impact of exchange rates on our financial results that obviously go beyond just the translation impact on our financial statements. RalphLauren.com sales grew 12% in the quarter, another standout performance in absolute terms and relative to the online sales trends reported by other luxury retailers. Once again customer traffic grew at a strong double digit rate although conversion in the average order value were below the prior years levels as it was clear customers were comparison shopping online. Sales of mens and childrens wear products continued to post the largest year-over-year gains on the site. The response to Rugby.com which was launched last summer has been better than expected with traffic and conversion trending ahead of plan.  We are obviously very pleased with the continued momentum at RalphLauren.com and we know there is a high level of customer overlap between our stores and our site. Accordingly beginning in fiscal 2010 we will begin to include our online sales in our total company comparable sales figures while still independently identifying the sales growth performance of RalphLauren.com.  With respect to our European retail operations, the United Kingdom was our top performing region during the fourth quarter for both our Ralph Lauren and factory stores, primarily due to the increased tourism I referenced earlier. Although we did experience stronger traffic among local customers in Italy and France, overall sales trends were challenged by exceptionally weak tourism in these markets. Adjusted retail operating loss was $26 million in the quarter compared to a $1 million loss in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. The deeper retail operating loss was primarily attributable to the decline in comparable store sales, increased markdown activity and occupancy costs associated with future store openings. Since our stores that cater to tourists tend to be among some of our larger and more productive locations, lower tourist traffic has also weighed on our retail segment margins. As a general slowdown in traffic was the greatest challenge for our retail stores, we were more promotional but we managed our inventories to appropriate levels and finished the quarter in good inventory position. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $47 million, 16% below the prior year period due to a decline in Japanese product licensing revenues related to the childrens wear and golf apparel acquisition and to lower fragrance licensing revenues. Operating income for our licensing segment declined 6% to $25 million in the fourth quarter as the lower licensing revenues more than offset a decline in purchased accounting amortization. As Roger highlighted earlier, we have built a diversified business model that is designed to deliver profit and generate operating cash flow even as we make significant investments in long term growth opportunities. The high level of operational control that drove our better than expected fiscal 2009 sales and earnings also delivered a solid balance sheet. We ended the year with $820 million in cash, cash equivalents and short term investments compared to $626 million at the end of fiscal 2008.  Net of debt we have $414 million in cash and short term investments at the end of fiscal 2009 which compares favorably with the $53 million net debt position we had at the end of fiscal 2008. And the growth in our cash balance was achieved after paying back approximately $200 million in short term debt and repurchasing approximately $170 million of our Class A common stock during the year. Throughout fiscal 2009 we managed all elements of our working capital aggressively. We were able to do this in spite of having operating at a very high level in the past and in an environment where concerns about liquidity reached their highest level in recent memory. We ended the quarter with inventory up 2% from the same period in the prior year. Excluding the Japanese childrens wear and golf inventory, our consolidated inventory actually declined 2%. We remain committed to proactively managing inventory across all channels in a disciplined manner as we have consistently demonstrated over the last year. On a consolidated basis our inventory turns improved to 3.9 times in fiscal 2009 from 3.7 times in fiscal 2008. And we improved our cash to cash cycle by five days. We spent approximately $185 million in CapEx during fiscal 2009 which was 15% below fiscal 2008s level to support new retail stores, wholesale shop installations and other infrastructure investments. We do expect capital expenditures to be approximately $220 million in fiscal 2010 as we have large scale flagship store projects which weve discussed with you previously, [Place de la Madeleine] in Paris, France, Madison Avenue here in New York and Greenwich, Connecticut as well. And those projects are underway. They are strategic locations and the capital spending for them is firmly committed. Otherwise and in general an increasing portion of our capital is being allocated to high growth international markets and they represent approximately 50% of our fiscal 2010 capital spending compared to approximately 35% in fiscal 2009. So our capital spending is increasingly being diversified into international markets. We are now two months into fiscal 2010 and there is still tremendous uncertainty regarding how long the current retrenchment in consumer spending will last, or how much additional deterioration in personal consumption may occur. While there has been considerable dialog in the press about the domestic retail environment having troughed the reality is that unemployment continues to rise, home values which were just reported yesterday continue to fall, and credit is not only still difficult to get it is also more expensive. There is also considerable variability in sales trends on a day to day basis which we certainly see and you certainly hear about. Due to this uncertainty and the subsequent difficulty in forecasting with any degree of comfort, we have decided not to provide annual earnings per share guidance on this call. But as you saw in this mornings press release we have provided some color around our expectations for fiscal 2010 and in particular for the first quarter which I would like to briefly review with you. With respect to our sales outlook we do expect consolidated revenues to decline by a high single digit. That would be 7 to 9% for the full year which would include a net unfavorable foreign currency translation effect for the year. For the first quarter we expect wholesale revenues to decline by a low double digit rate and comparable store sales to decline by a mid-teens rate, which essentially maintains what we experienced during the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 in our retail stores and what we just reported to you on this call. Id also like to remind you that we are comparing against several years of mid to high single digit comp gains in the various quarters so, but obviously the environment is continuing to have an impact and were certainly seeing that in the first couple of months of this quarter.  You heard Roger speak about our accelerated investment to transition and build the companys operation in Southeast Asia which were very excited about. This multi-year investment is broad and deep as we are building a platform for long term growth. Our fiscal 2010 investment in Southeast Asia is expected to be significant.  We will continue to invest in our new product initiatives as well in fiscal 2010. We are making these investments in advance of the returns we expect to achieve from them, which is consistent with how weve invested in the past, although the current operating environment is obviously much more challenging. Since we will not have revenues to offset the cost of these investments for much of 2010, we are working to balance our spending with a continued focus on controlling our expenses and identifying ways to leverage global operating efficiencies. But we currently expect operating expenses for the first quarter to be modestly above those in the comparable prior year for the quarter.  The full year fiscal 2010 tax rate is estimated to be at 35%. Again we had a benefit from geographic mix in the fourth quarter and the fiscal year, and the fiscal 2010 tax rate reflects the geographic mix of income that we are projecting in fiscal 2010. Our fiscal 2009 earnings illustrate our ability to take definitive action and deliver strong results, not only in good times but also in the face of significant challenges. We have consistently demonstrated our discipline to deliver on our investments and all of the financial and managerial discipline that has supported our progress over the last several years remains intact as we pursue new, transformational growth initiatives. We are confident in the relevance of our strategy and of our brand portfolio, the dedication of our talented teams worldwide, the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to continue to deliver strong profitable growth over the long term. With that I will conclude the companys remarks and we will open the call up for question-and-answers. Operator, at this time could you assist us with that, please? 
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Omar Saad - Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  Congratulations on providing upside in a tough environment.
Roger Farah:   Thanks.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  Roger wanted to dig in a little bit more. It sounds like some of the activities that youre doing with the restructuring and closing some stores and youre maybe thinking a little bit differently about the U.S. business. Can you expand on the 500 people, you know, what kind of responsibilities are you eliminating in the internal infrastructure here in the U.S.? And am I thinking about that properly in terms of youre kind of looking at kind of reallocating resources to the regions where you think theres growth?
Roger Farah: No, Omar, I think youre thinking about it exactly right. We are clearly very excited about the opportunity to develop our business in Asia, Southeast Asia particularly with China being the lead country has been a part of the world that weve managed through a licensee for many, many years, and at the end of this calendar year, January 1, well get it back. We want to try to hit the ground running as best we can so we are putting a complete organization on the ground there as we speak, putting in the infrastructure technology to run that business, making the buys effective for January, February and March as we speak. And we expect to have a, you know, smooth transition of that. Over the long term, you know, we think China particularly and the rest of Southeast Asia will be an enormous growth opportunity for the company. So we are managing our resources here domestically, where at least in the near term business looks more challenging. Weve consolidated, asked people to stretch their responsibilities and eliminated jobs really throughout the domestic operation at all levels in an effort to free up resources to invest in Southeast Asia and other parts of our growth strategy. So its a very conscious effort to pull resources out of one part of our business and put them somewhere else.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  And then in terms of what some of the things that youre doing on the ground here, it sounds like you closed some stores. Are there plans for further store closures? Is there anything on the horizon for Club Monaco and the domestic arena?
Roger Farah: Yes. Omar we closed six stores. So in the scheme of our portfolio its not really significant. And as I think you know weve continued to close stores over the years either as leases expired or markets changed. So we dont anticipate any major store closing activity. Obviously the downturn in the business, late September on, has been very different than our experience over the last six, seven, eight years. How long that lasts is anybodys guess, so as leases come up for renewals we will certainly look to analyze whether we want to go forward or renegotiate or whatever the decisions will be. But I dont think the six stores were a meaningful number in the scheme of things.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  And then the store impairments? You know the test that you do to test for that. What kind of stores are those? Are we talking about the outlets or are we talking about the full price or the domestic? Is it international?
Tracey T. Travis:  They were all full price stores, Omar. And it was a mixture between Club Monaco and Rugby and some of our Ralph Lauren stores. So.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  Domestic?
Tracey T. Travis:  Yes.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  Primarily domestic.
Tracey T. Travis:  They were primarily domestic.
James Hurley:
 : Omar, were going to have to move on to the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Let me add my congratulations on navigating in a difficult environment.
Roger Farah: Thank you Liz.
Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Can you address your relationship with Macys? Theres been a lot of chatter about potential reductions in that business. And how should we think about that in the context of your wholesale department store, you know, your wholesale domestic business overall?
Roger Farah: Yes, well our relationship is intimate. We have strategized with Macys on a very, very close level. We are one of their key vendors to partner many of their initiatives over the last year. I think the centralization and the My Macys efforts are really going to make an extraordinary difference in how Macys runs their business on a national business, and we are fully lined up and aggressively supporting that. Recently came out of a strategy meeting with Terry and his team last week, and Jackie and all of her key presidents are actively engaged in maximizing the business there whether its mens, womens, kids or any of the other businesses. So, you know, were excited about it.  Were in close partnership. We have aggressive plans to launch new product with them including the Olympics coming up and they will be our key partner. So weve got a lot of initiatives going on with Macys and have married our organizational structure up with some of the changes theyve made to better support them. Were encouraged by their steps in what were doing to partner growth initiatives. So good things are happening there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital:  Roger can you talk a little bit about, you know, as you look to the rest of this year the trends in sort of your high end, black label, purple label type businesses and you know as a percentage, you know, what they were last year and sort of how you would envision them being in fiscal 2010?
Roger Farah: Yes, I cant give you the percentage, Robert, but I would say you know we talked about in the script that those businesses are down, whether theyre in our own retail stores or in our wholesale distribution. Interesting in this environment unlike a lot of other downturns that Ive experienced over the last 35 years, the high end customer seems to be the one most affected. And that really started, you know, late September even though you know 07 and 08 up until that werent buoyant, but starting in you know the last part of September as the banks began to become front and center, the high end customer really around the world has pulled back, been more selective in their shopping and clearly is looking to buy at a discount.  I think the over inventoried environment this fall certainly allowed them to buy at a greatly reduced price. I think thats moderating somewhat for this spring, and then hopefully by next fall inventories and demand will be in alignment and full price selling will begin to strengthen. But clearly those businesses are down for us as they are for really everybody else in that business. And we dont expect that to change in the next 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Ohmes  BAS-ML.
Robert Ohmes - BAS-ML:  Just a few quick questions. I wanted to get a clarification on the wholesale guidance for the first quarter deemed down double digit after being up 3% in the fourth quarter. Is that all just the anniversaring of the Japanese, you know, children and golf business or is there a U.S. or European wholesale trend change there? And then the other follow up question.
Roger Farah: Thats a one by one. You know the guidance that weve given in the first quarter and as you know we have visibility at this point for about six to eight months out in wholesale is a combination of domestic order contraction with most major brands as retailers have bought and planned for receipt flow in a much more conservative way. Its clearly an attempt to not have the inventory overhang that plagued the industry and I think weve partnered with them to make sure that you know what we produce is what they want. And thats baked into the guidance. I think it also assumes a more conservative constant currency order file in Europe as well as some negative exchange rate impact that we are expecting in the first quarter. So its really a combination of all three plus the lapping of the first nine months of American Living shipments last year, where we were really filling the stores and filling the racks and now were shipping more on a trend basis. So those are really the major, you know, pieces of the wholesale guidance.
Tracey T. Travis:  And the Japanese childrens wear and golf license acquisition occurred in August of last year, so thats when we will be lapping that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate McShane  Citigroup.
Kate McShane  Citigroup:  Im trying to better understand your gross margins and the differences we saw sequentially. In the third quarter you had a slight margin improvement during a very difficult promotional environment whereas this quarter of course margins contracted because of decline in wholesale and retail margins. So can you help us understand the difference between the two quarters? And then how should we think about the allocation of your cost savings throughout the year? In what quarter or half will we see the biggest benefit?
Roger Farah: Well Ill talk about the margins and let Tracey talk about the expenses. You know if you remember it seems like a long time ago, this is January, February and March. So you know we sit here at the end of May and were talking about the margins for the post-Christmas period. And I think the largest issue was really one of retail margins to clear out the, you know, the disappointing October, November, December sales. And so I would say that was the major impact on the margin compared to the prior quarter which is also a very strong wholesale quarter. So part of its mix. Part of its the actions that were required to clear out the post-Christmas retail inventories. We do expect, you know, margins going forward, you know, to reflect the environment but I dont think youll see what happened in the fourth quarter again.
Tracey T. Travis:  In terms of the impact of the restructuring initiatives, you know, those actions were taken at the end of the year so those actions, you know, will impact, you know, the full calendar year, you know relatively equally, you know, and from a calendarization standpoint. Having said that, you know, we have also called out that we will be investing in Southeast Asia. So we will have an investment impact and we havent called out what that is, but that will be ramping up during the year. So youll see a smaller impact of that in the first quarter, a bigger impact of that in the second quarter, a bigger impact of that in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter will be a larger impact of that but youll also see the benefit of the sales benefit as we take over the license and the wholesale revenues associated with that. So itll be a bit difficult to calibrate. Thats why weve just tried to give you some color around the quarter in terms of what our revenue and expense guidance is at least for the first quarter and well try to give you some perspective. But it will be a difficult year for us to try to guide you through with the currency movement, the investment that were making in Southeast Asia and just the general economic environment both here in the U.S. as well as in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Glick - Buckingham Research.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Roger I was wondering if you could give us an update on the progress youre making in the womens business at wholesale in the U.S.? And that business, you know, got tougher before the economy turned down and, you know, theres been a pretty wide gap in the performance relative to mens. Im just wondering how much progress youve made in closing that gap and how you see the prospects for 2010 for the womens business.
Roger Farah: Yes, thats a good question, David. We have seen a softening of womens trends really across channels and across price points now for most of the last year or so. And thats whether its Ralph Lauren or Club Monaco or any of the brands we have with really the exception of Chaps. Weve continued to enjoy really tremendous growth in all merchandise categories with [Coles] and Chaps and the womens business continues to trend well there. I think the fundamental issue is that, you know, the career business has turned very soft and its a much more casual cycle. And because of that I think the woman has an easier time putting together a less expensive outfit to go to work in and shes more comfortable in a casual outfit that she can refreshen with just a nice top or some accessories.  So I think the career business being soft is affecting all of our womens businesses as it is really the whole industry. I think what youll find is strength in things like dresses. I think youll find it in tops. But there isnt the suiting business, the career business that Lauren and other businesses, you know, enjoyed in the past. I think it will come back but right now its in that cycle. So we are focused, you know, very hard and to your question the domestic wholesale business where Lauren is the dominant brand, you know, on that side of the business whether its store expansion or key item focus, that will escort that business going forward and well work to manage the career side until that returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray:  Congratulations everyone on the great performance here in the quarter. My question is really on the pricing trends and product margin dynamics across your major global regions. Could you give us a sense for as you, you know, pursue your expansion in Europe and Asia what are constant currency pricing differences with U.S. in your sportswear categories? And how are your margins impacted by your hedging strategies for cost of goods?
Roger Farah: Well you know I think youre all familiar with the fact that we do not employ a constant pricing across the globe. We price appropriate to the marketplace whether thats Europe or different countries in Europe, the United States or Asia. So you know the actual cost of goods since we globally manufacture everything is constant and then we, you know, price according to the marketplace conditions. So that brings with it, you know, a level of complexity in terms of currency fluctuations that when we translate it back to the U.S. balance sheet, you know, provides some of the interesting forecasting challenges we have.  We have not lowered our prices on comparable items as weve heard and seen others do. We have very broad choices in merchandise offerings whether its in a brand or between brands so that our customers can assort product by category and price point to match their trends. We also are doing that in our own retail stores whether its a sorting by brand or price point within our brands, we have very full lines that range from opening price to very high prices. And I think our customers are adjusting on a worldwide basis as they see fit. And its consistent with what were doing in our own stores as we see fit. Clearly customer traffic is down, but the average unit sale is down too. So the customer is price sensitive in certain categories and were adjusting accordingly. We do, you know, feel excited about the integration of our Japanese organization in terms of manufacturing so they are now part of our global standard. So all of the major regions around the world are running through our integrated worldwide manufacturing group, which has really done a brilliant job at managing the complexity of this. We ship today into 78 countries and manufacture in 45, so the challenges of raw materials to a manufactured country and from there to a country of sale and then translating that all back to the U.S. balance sheet makes for a pretty complicated puzzle. But so far so good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  I had two questions really. The first related to the factory performance. Just wondering any, you know, the decline there and down 8.8, given the fact that it does seem like the inventory clean up is happening and it doesnt sound as if the aggressive promotions out there would hurt off price, weve definitely seen some pick up in outlet and off price. So maybe some color as to why that division is still declining. And then the second follow up I can ask after on expenses.
Roger Farah: Right. The factory performance quite frankly just to remind everybody was in fact impacted by the shift in Easter. We do get a significant change when Easter falls from March to April and I think thats a not insignificant part of decline. Our quarter, January, February, March is different from what most retailers have now reported which include the Easter shift. So I think there will be some pick up in that trend in the first quarter we report. Otherwise the other major issue in our factory stores is really the tourist destinations which Tracey talked about. We have significant volume in what has been historically strong tourist locations and we are seeing the fall off in that traffic as well as in the Ralph Lauren stores. So those are probably the two major pieces of the factory performance. What was your second question? The?
Operator: Im sorry. Adrianne if youd like to ask your second question please hit star one again to reenter the queue.
Roger Farah: Im sorry. Lets keep moving Operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley:  Just Roger can you elaborate a little bit more on what the major merchandising opportunities are within the Southeast Asia operation? Is it similar to Japan where the assortments are very limited currently?
Roger Farah: Yes, I would say the Southeast Asia business has really been built on the back of mens blue label and so we believe that there are opportunities in the womens areas across all brands. There are definitely opportunities in kids and denim, and also the most glaring would be the accessory business. Whether its Japan, whether its China or whether its any of the Southeast Asia countries we think all of those categories but particularly accessories represents unusual opportunity for us. Most of our licensed territories has had historically been built on mens blue label so this is not totally dissimilar to Japan or any of the other Asian countries.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates:  Good morning and let me add my congratulations as well. 
Roger Farah: Thanks Jennifer.
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates:  I wondered Roger how you see the fashion world? I know you talked about the missy category on the negative side. Are there any positive call outs? And then I wondered if you could elaborate a little bit more on accessories. Youve done a great job domestically. Are there more opportunities domestically?
Roger Farah: Yes, well lets talk about the accessories because we are very excited. If you start with the shoe business which we acquired several years ago back from Reebok weve seen very strong growth whether its at the collection price point or in the Lauren price point. And thats been primarily domestic but were now beginning to push that out into an international business opportunity.  We then brought back in small leather goods and belts and actually belts is one of the better trends in the fashion business to your first question. And that now is being integrated into the overall accessory strategies over the last year or two, and our efforts in the handbag business which have been tremendously successful with the Riki and other high end products. We will be looking to launch a Lauren price point consistent with our female apparel business, our female accessory and footwear businesses in the fall of 2010.  So we continue to invest and build talent and capacity and manufacturing strength in those categories. And while they may be soft on a global basis they are still enormous categories that, you know, are owed, you know, tremendous volume to us. So we have a lot of investment going into that and we have high expectations going forward. In terms of the overall fashion world, you know, my only reaction is that unique interesting product thats differentiated continues to sell. And I think the customer is looking for a reason to shop. I think the mood has stabilized from what was sort of a panicked customer in September through maybe the end of February or March. I think as things seem to be stabilizing there was certainly a sense that consumer sentiment yesterday is trending up a little bit. So I think for the better customer its less about whether they have the money to buy or not. I think its an attitude. And I think as the attitude brightens there will be a return to those products and brands that have a credibility and obviously we hope to be one of those. So I think at this point we thank you all for your interest and look forward to an update in August on how the fiscal 10 year is unfolding. Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference call. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley  Investor Relations  Roger Farah  President, Chief Operating Officer Tracey T. Travis  Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Kate McShane - Citigroup Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates [Unidentified Analyst]  Piper Jaffray Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs [David Glick]  Buckingham Research 
Operator:  Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Laurens third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. As a reminder todays call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) Now for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir.
James Hurley:  Good morning and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Laurens third quarter of fiscal 2009 conference call. The agenda for todays call includes Roger Farah our President and Chief Operating Officer who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives. And then Tracey Travis our Chief Financial Officer will provide operational and financial highlights from the third quarter in addition to outlining our expectations for the remainder of fiscal 2009. After that we will open up the call for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. As you know well be making some forward-looking comments today including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now Id like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger Farah:  Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. Were pleased to be reporting solid third quarter results today. I believe these results demonstrate the resilience of our business during what has been the most challenging holiday season in our company and the industry has ever experienced. And they were achieved even as we continued to make important investments in our long term strategic growth initiatives. The proactive measures weve taken to scale back inventory levels across channels, to manage our expenses, and to execute our day-to-day operations with a high level of precision and agility have helped to mitigate the dramatic pullback in consumer spending that occurred during the quarter. I believe our year-to-date results with revenues growing 4% and diluted EPS up 19% confirm the vitality of our brand, the relevance of our strategy, and the world-class capabilities of our management team. Without this powerful combination we would not have been able to achieve this level of performance in the face of such adversity. Of course we are not immune to the macroeconomic challenges and our recent business trends continue to be significantly affected by the global economic crisis that began last year. The impact has resulted in considerable volatility with customers in all channels of distribution pulling back in their spending and becoming increasingly selective when they do decide to shop. And while weve planned the year assuming a meaningful decline in consumer demand, the step function down that we and others experienced during the third quarter was beyond our original expectations. As of now our retail segment has been affected the most, particularly in the United States, but in other parts of the world as well. As challenging as current circumstances are, I believe that weve operated from the position of strength and that our company is energized to manage through them. We have a long term plan, a clear strategic roadmap to help us realize that plan, and the managerial talent to navigate that roadmap and nearly $1 billion in cash on our balance sheet which we can use to support all of our efforts. As many of you know, we have a three-pronged strategy to grow shareholder value over the long term that is focused on elevating our brand and is grounded in three key areas; growing our international presence, expanding our direct to consumer reach, and investing in new merchandise development and product innovation.  Our commitment to these three areas of growth remains unwavering. It is important for us to maintain our focus on the long term returns we expect to achieve from them. Of course we balance this commitment with the realities of the difficult current operating environment, which will have an impact on how we prioritize the allocation of capital, inventory and other resources to the various initiatives in the near term. Growing our international presence would be the top of our list of priorities as we believe we are under penetrated outside of the United States. Weve made a big commitment to the evolution of our Japanese business as weve taken control of the distribution of our largest product categories over the last year-and-a-half. During the third quarter we expanded our target door program in Japan and those doors continue to outperform the broader market trends by a wide margin. As a reminder, spring 2009 is the first season that weve controlled the merchandise buy for the Japanese market. So we are still in the early stages of repositioning there. Spring 2009 is also the first season that the production of our products are integrated into our worldwide supply chain. The response to the spring line opening which aggregated the presentations of our core mens, womens and childrens products were encouraging. Moving to Europe, our business continues to grow at a double-digit organic rate even as comps at our Ralph Lauren stores were negatively impacted by the global financial crisis and the pullback in tourism across markets.  After having successfully developed a strong luxury presence in womens wear throughout Europe over the last several years, we believe there is a large opportunity to attract new European customers to the world of Ralph Lauren with our Lauren brand as we have successfully done in the United States. We recently began shipping Lauren merchandise into selected European wholesale doors for spring 2009.  With respect to our direct to customer strategies weve experienced a significant shift in comp trends during the third quarter. The low teens comp decline compares to the 5% increased comp growth we achieved in the first half of the year and the mid to high single digit comps weve consistently achieved for the last six years.  Considering the unexpected severity of the market conditions, I believe our global teams have managed through them well. In spite of weak traffic trends our inventories were well managed and current at the end of the quarter. The investment weve made in RalphLauren.com has enabled that emerging direct to consumer channel flourish in terms of sales and profit and we continue to draw new domestic and international visitors to our site each month.  Moving on to our last long term strategic initiative, our commitment to new merchandise development and product innovation, we have a strong heritage as the design led innovator. And our new products have been a critical driver of consumer demand for us. As you know, we offer premium products across a diverse array of brand, distribution channels and product categories. Our lifestyle positioning is clearly understood by our various customers and we believe that it resonates with them strongly, which along with the quality of design and fabrication enhances the value of our products. The uncertainty and volatility that has defined the last 12 months will most likely continue for the foreseeable future, but it is times like these that really the string of strong companies and strong brands. By remaining true to our brand and committed to our long term strategic growth initiative, ultimately I believe we are well positioned to emerge from this global recession even stronger. This is a testimony of the hard work weve done to grow and manage the business over the last several years. Today we are far more diversified in terms of our geographic mix and the products we offer. Our financial and managerial strengths have complemented our design and marketing excellence. I believe that weve consistently made proactive decisions that while often difficult were the right things to do to bolster our long term growth prospects, to maximize shareholder value, and to prepare us for times like these. Weve made these decisions even as weve consistently funded investments for our growth as we are doing today in Japan and with emerging product categories. As we think about the future, well focus on remaining proactive about making prudent decisions to protect our brand, our profitability, and our growth initiatives by continuing to control what we can, mainly by keeping inventories current; aligning our expenses with our revenue expectations; and prioritizing capital allocation. This is part of our culture and our day-to-day management of the business. We are confident that in tough times the customer believes in our brand and the quality we offer. Our history and our year-to-date financial results reflect this. Now Id like to turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operational highlights of the third quarter as well as our revised outlook for the remainder of the year.
Tracey T. Travis:  Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. First I would like to highlight the drivers of our third quarter net income and earnings per share performance, and then I will comment on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2009. For the third quarter our consolidated net revenues were $1.25 billion, 1% below the prior years period. The decline in revenues primarily reflects a 13.5% reduction in global same-store sales in our retail segment that was partially offset by higher wholesale revenues, principally as a result of assuming direct control of the distribution of our childrens wear and golf apparel in Japan last August. Our revenues in Europe were up double-digits this quarter on a constant dollar basis, but the growth was entirely offset by the negative impact of the euro. The net negative impact of currency exchange rates on our total reported revenue growth for the third quarter was approximately 120 basis points.  Our gross profit rate improved 20 basis points to 53.5% in the third quarter compared to 53.3% in the same period last year. The expansion in growth profit rate reflects stronger margins for our international and wholesale operations, and the decline in purchase accounting amortization related to last years acquisitions that more than offset the lower profitability at our retail segment.  Our strategy to shift less inventory into most of our distribution channels resulted in better sales for us compared to the prior year, particularly in our wholesale accounts, and also left us with less inactive inventory at the end of the season. Some supply chain efficiencies also contributed to the gross margin expansion during the end of the quarter. Inclusive of our continued investment in our long term strategic growth initiative and reflecting our focus on [expense] of management, third quarter operating expenses of $503 million were essentially flat with the comparable period last year. Operating expenses were 40.2% of revenues, 40 basis points greater than the prior year period.  The higher operating expense ratio primarily reflects the decline in retail segment sales, but also the ongoing investment in product and geographic expansion and expenses at newly acquired businesses, all of which was partially offset by lower purchase accounting amortization; lower advertising and public relations expense; and lower stock compensation costs. Operating income for the third quarter was $167 million, 2% below the prior year period and our operating margin for the quarter was 13.3% only 10 basis points below that of the third quarter of fiscal 2008. The decline in the operating margin rate was primarily due to lower retail segment profitability and was partially offset by higher wholesale segment profitability and reduced purchase price amortization. Net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2009 declined 7% to $105 million and net income per diluted share was $1.05, which was 3% below the comparable period last year. The decline in our third quarter net income principally relates to our lower operating income as well as to an effective tax rate of 33.4% which was 230 basis points greater than the comparable period last year. The higher effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2009 was primarily a result of favorable tax audit settlement that occurred in the prior year period and that were partially offset by favorable geographic income mix this year. Now I would like to spend a brief amount of time in providing more insight into our segment highlights for the quarter. First regarding our wholesale segment, sales increased 5% to  $655 million. Higher international wholesale revenues primarily related to the incremental childrens wear and golf apparel distribution in Japan, higher shipments in Europe and shipments of new products in the United States were partially offset by lower domestic shipments of our core mens, womens and childrens wear products and the negative impact of foreign exchange. As you will recall, the lower domestic shipments reflect our planned reduction in orders in domestic wholesale accounts, which came as a result of the sharp slowdown in retail business trends that began in late 2007. Consistent with our experience during the second quarter and as I mentioned earlier, the recalibration of what was shipped resulted in improved sales throughs and less excess inventory at our wholesale accounts during the third quarter. Our planning teams are important strategic partners as we execute our business in the context of such uncertainty. These teams work to insure that our brand and our business objective are inextricably linked and protected. This means that as we proactively planned to have less inventory in the marketplace, we are still able to represent the world of Ralph Lauren with a focused mix of luxury, novelty and key items that deliver an exciting message and offer broad appeal. I believe our execution at retail, which is supported by our field organization, helped to distinguish our key item strategy this holiday season and supported our out-performance at many accounts. From a category perspective, in the United States we continue to see progressive improvement in womens wear thanks to more focused assortments built around iconic key items, especially sweaters and knits, and our Lauren denim and active offerings continue to build momentum. Our Chaps product was strong across all categories during the quarter, and despite the challenging environment the momentum behind Chaps continues to be solid. And our domestic wholesale childrens wear business continues to benefit from fewer, more meaningful deliveries that not only offer strong selling floor presentations but are also yielding better sales throughs. In Europe sales of our core mens and womens blue label merchandise were strong, and we continue to experience solid growth for our luxury apparel and accessories. We had good sell throughs at major European wholesale accounts during the quarter, although Spain continues to be a weak region in general for sales. Roger mentioned we began shipping our Lauren product in select European doors. We did have one shop open during the third quarter in the UK which experienced strong selling results. In Japan our wholesale volume grew with the incremental sales of childrens wear and golf apparel this year, although sales of our other products declined in Japan during the quarter given the challenging department store environment. Our third quarter wholesale operating income of $130 million was 24% higher than the prior year period and our wholesale operating margin was 19.8%, 320 basis points greater than the prior years operating margin. The improvement in wholesale profitability was primarily due to higher international revenues and a decline in purchase price accounting associated with last years Japanese acquisitions, which were partially offset by expenses at newly acquired and emerging businesses. Having less excess inventory in the channel also contributed to better wholesale profit margins. For our retail group, third quarter sales declined 7% to $547 million. Overall comp store sales were down 13.5% or 11.4% in constant currency, reflecting a 21.7% reduction at Ralph Lauren stores; a 9.1% reduction at factory stores; and a 17.2% reduction at Club Monica stores. Our third quarter comparable store sales results reflect significantly lower traffic levels for both local and tourist customers at most of our retail formats worldwide, with our European factory stores being a notable positive exception. RalphLauren.com sales were up 15% over the comparable period last year, a stand-out performance in absolute terms and certainly relative to industry trends for the quarter. We opened five new stores and closed one store during the quarter, ending with 332 directly operated stores globally. Retail operating income was $58 million in the quarter, 39% below the $94 million of retail operating income in the third quarter of fiscal 2008. The retail segment operating margin declined 550 basis points to 10.5% in the third quarter of fiscal 2009, primarily attributable to the decline in customer traffic and higher promotional activity from all of our retail formats. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $50 million, 9% below the prior year period as a decline in Japanese product licensing revenues related to childrens wear and golf apparel was partially offset by increased revenue from domestic product licenses, primarily New American Living product licenses. Operating income for our licensing segment increased 8% to $28 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2009 compared to $26 million in the prior year period. The growth in licensing operating income was due to the higher domestic product licensing revenues and a decline in purchase accounting amortization.  We ended the third quarter in excellent financial condition with $880 million in cash, cash equivalents and short term investments on the balance sheet compared to $626 million at the end of fiscal 2008. Net of debt we had $461 million in cash and short term investments at the end of the third quarter which compares favorably with a $53 million net debt position at the end of fiscal 2008. We had no share repurchases during the quarter as our focus has been on cash conservation given the current market environment. Therefore we continue to have approximately 266 million remaining on our share repurchase authorizations.  We ended the quarter with inventory up 1% from the same period in the prior year. And excluding inventory associated with the [nigh guy] transaction our consolidated inventory actually declined 3%. We remain committed to proactively managing inventory in a disciplined manner as we have demonstrated the past several quarters, particularly in this very difficult economic environment.  We achieved a return on equity at 19% for the last 12 months and our return on investment was 28% over the same timeframe. We spent approximately $45 million on CapEx during the quarter and to support new retail stores, wholesale shop installations and other infrastructure investments. Indeed our results for the first nine months of fiscal 2009 have proven to be resilient. Weve proactively planned for a tough retail climate by controlling what we could. We managed all elements of working capital inclusive of inventory and receivables. We focused on expense management. We conserved cash. And we provided the customers who did shop our stores and Internet sites with our normal selection of high quality, timeless products. However, the continued rapid deterioration in the global economic environment, which intensified in our third quarter beyond our expectations is having a negative impact on our business trends in the fourth quarter to date. As a result, as you saw in this mornings press release, we are updating our full year fiscal 2009 diluted EPS guidance to $3.85 to $4.00 from our prior guidance of $4.00 to $4.10. With this updated guidance we now expect net revenues to be flat to down low single digits compared to fiscal 2008. And that compares to our prior guidance of low single digit increases in net revenue. Our outlook assumes a continuation of negative same store sales trends that we experienced in the third quarter into the fourth quarter, as well as our most recent sales experience in the fourth quarter. With a lower level of sales growth we would also expect reduced profitability for our retail segment as we remain committed to managing our inventory in line with the softer demand. Id also like to remind you that we will continue to manage through a reduced level of domestic wholesale orders for the remainder of fiscal 2009. These lower planned orders compare to relatively strong orders in the year earlier period. In addition, we are now anniversaring the initial shipments of American Living which commenced in December of 2007 to support the fill in of 600 doors across nearly 50 product categories for the February 2000 launch of American Living.  These revenue dynamics are also expected to have a negative impact on wholesale segment operating costs in the fourth quarter. Foreign currency translation will also negatively impact our results in the fourth quarter as the euro is anticipated to be 16% weaker than during our last years fourth quarter. The widening of our EPS guidance range for fiscal 2009 primarily relates to the increased volatility in our retail segment and with the foreign exchange rate, its volatility.  And while I know we have historically given guidance for our next fiscal year on this February call, at this point there is a tremendous amount of uncertainty regarding how long the current retrenchment in consumer spending will last. Or how much additional deterioration in personal consumption may occur. Due to this uncertainty and the subsequent difficulty in forecasting with any degree of comfort, we will not be providing specific fiscal 2010 on todays call. What I will say however as you might well imagine in this environment is that we will continue to work closely with our wholesale customers [inaudible] buyers to recalibrate sales plans and inventory level to account for reduced customer traffic. As a result, we are expecting that net revenues next year will be slightly below fiscal 2009 levels. We are also expecting net negative impact from foreign currency translation as we are experiencing in the second half of fiscal 2009. As we continue to manage the things we can control, we are also prioritizing our capital allocation as Roger said to reflect a proper balance between near term market realities and our long term growth objectives, which should result in a moderate reduction in capital spending next year.  With that I will conclude the companys remarks and well open the call up for question-and-answer. Operator, could you assist us with that please?
Operator: I certainly can. Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  I guess just a little bit more clarification on the retail business. What was your gross margin experience in the quarter? I mean obviously it was down but if you could share the magnitude. And whats been your philosophy on how to manage that business markdowns in the retail business both full price and the factory business? Thanks.
Roger Farah:  Liz, this is obviously Roger. We said on the script that the trend going into third quarter was plus 5 comp and obviously the trend in the third quarter itself was down. So the slowdown in consumer spending was quite rapid in the later part of September and then through the balance of the holiday shopping.  I think what we would say to that is at the highest level of price point as you certainly saw with other retailers, the customer was the most reluctant. And then as you worked down through different merchandise price points and different product categories some of that hesitancy was moderated.  So as we looked at the October, November, December period our belief is that there are customers still looking for our products at full price. And so we attempted to manage through the inventory challenges and the sell through challenges by an item and classification level, as we worked through each of the formats whether its Ralph Lauren Stores, the factory stores, or whether its RalphLauren.com. The other fact to that is embedded in those numbers was a dramatic fall off in the international shopper coming into gateway cities against last years very high amount of international shoppers. So as we were dealing with both the domestic fall off and the tourist fall off, I think we tried to manage the margins; the markdown cadence appropriately to end the quarter clean which is what weve done. So obviously merchandise margins were down as a function of more markdowns. But somewhat less than they might have been if we didnt have the full [pull out] of supply chain initiatives that we had in place to mitigate some of it. So with that kind of deceleration in sales and 18 point trend change, I think theres no doubt you end up with more merchandise than the customer wants and thats what we had to clear through before the end of the quarter.
Tracey T. Travis:  And Liz this is Tracey. Just to add on to what Roger said, I mean you can think of we talked about a 550 basis point decline in operating margin for the retail segment. About two-thirds of that would be the gross margin decline roughly. [inaudible] expense de-leverage.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Are you trying to rely more heavily on the factory channels to clear going forward? And hows your inventory positioned specific to your retail stores?
Roger Farah:  Well, we ended the quarter on line with our expectations in all the retail channels. Obviously we used the factory stores to clear excess or wholesale, retail and RalphLauren.com. We have a very well run, very successful factory business and it is a piece of how we clear excess merchandise, whether its in the United States, Europe or we have in fact opened a couple in Japan to deal with the excess that we have over there relative to the acquisitions. So it is an important piece of our overall strategy.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Omar Saad - Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  Tracey I just wanted to clarify for a comment you made at the end of the call around the fact that you guys are not going to provide FY10 guidance given the uncertainty and lack of visibility which is understandable. But I believe you said something along the lines that you are expecting and kind of planning inventory appropriately net revenues next year to be slightly below 09 levels and kind of given the your implied guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter on the top line being down well into the double-digits, can you help us understand like how youre thinking about the top line will evolve for you guys over the next six to 18 months?
Tracey T. Travis:  Well, thats  let me talk a little bit about the fourth quarter or the fiscal 2009 guidance just to share a little bit of clarity on that. Because other than what have provided, Omar, on fiscal 2010 were really not prepared to share much more than that. You know last year we had  we are anniversaring a fair amount of American Living shipments and this is really the first quarter where we have more American Living shipments from last year than what we are experiencing obviously  we have more American Living shipments from last year than what we had this year. So from a wholesale perspective we have seen the benefit of American Living shipment in the first three quarters that were not seeing in the fourth quarter of this year. So thats impacting us in the fourth quarter relative to the first three quarters. Were still plan to have our domestic business down as we have in the first three quarters of this year as well. So thats impacting us in the fourth quarter. And a continuation of the negative retail trends that were seeing in the fourth quarter. So last year in the fourth quarter you may recall that our retail comps were almost 9%. So we had a very strong fourth quarter fiscal 2008 that we are anniversaring. So all of that is impacting us as it relates to the fourth quarter and obviously our fiscal 2009 full year results. We are still migrating through our plans for fiscal 2010 but as we look at the first two quarters and the strong performance that weve had in the first two quarters, clearly if you think about the retail environment and what were experiencing it would suggest that planning sales volumes down is the prudent thing to do. And thats certainly what we are doing for next year. Beyond that were really not prepared to share anything as it relates to fiscal 2010 as we are still in our planning stages as it relates to that.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  And then on the SG&A line I noticed that your dollar spend was down for the first time at least as far back year-over-year as far back as my model goes. Philosophically sacrificing  how do you think about kind of sacrificing the near term to continuing to invest for the long term or the need to continue to invest? Or is this an environment where its really not worth making some of the investments that perhaps historically it has been worth  had been worth doing because the return is not there?
Roger Farah:  Omar, let me try it this way. You know if you look at our performance year-to-date and you look at the guidance Tracey gave, we have basically forecasted to hit the guidance we gave you a year ago February. Thats despite the unbelievable turbulence in the market, the exchange rate issues, and all the other things you all know well. Nevertheless, with investing for the future being a big part of our success, we are going to more or less hit the guidance we started with a year ago. And I dont know many companies who can say that. Having said that, on the go forward basis and beyond we are going to continue to invest in those things that we think support our long term growth initiatives and will be much more diligent in scrutinizing those things in the short run that may not be as critical. So theres no doubt that we will adjust capital, inventory, expenses somewhat for the short term. But I think weve prepared ourselves with the balance sheet, the strength we have with the way weve managed the business, to not take our eye off or take our foot off some of the long term opportunities that I think when this economic turbulence is over we would be remiss if we hadnt continued to invest in. Theres no doubt that the short term will see some cutbacks in those things that are optional. But the major initiatives which we continue to invest in, which include our international expansion; include our direct to consumer; and new product categories were going to continue.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital:  The question that I have is on the purchase price accounting how much did that help you on a comparison wholesale segment? And in sticking with the wholesale segment, when you look at Spring 2009 versus Spring 2008 is there a dramatic change in door count domestically that youre selling into?
Roger Farah:  Well, Tracey will give you the purchase accounting. The answer on the door count is no. We are more or less in the same door count whether its the JCPenney American Living; Kohls where we may be in some more doors because of their expansion or the acquisition of some additional doors theyve made; and then in the mainline department store our door count is basically flat. As you all know, were not in every door of every one of our customers and have been selective over the years of which ones we participated in. But I think the broad based answer would be were in the same number of doors that we would have been in Spring of 08. Tracey, in the purchase 
Tracey T. Travis:  Bob in the purchase accounting youre talking about on the margin line 
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital:  Yes. On the wholesale segment. Yes.
Tracey T. Travis:  Yes, on the wholesale segment was about 20 basis points.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital:  And then one quick question is on the acquisition how much accretion did you get from that acquisition this quarter?
Roger Farah:  Well, I think if you remember from when we announced that transaction in the summer we told you it would be $0.09 diluted. So that $0.09 dilutive was after we had given you the original guidance for the year. So for us to still deliver the year that were forecasting with that being a mid-year decision to add $0.09 dilutive I think that was a pretty good deal. We think it will be accretive next year but it continues to be for the balance of this year a short term dilutive acquisition.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kate McShane  Citigroup.
Kate McShane  Citigroup:  How much of your outlet business do you think was hurt by the aggressive promotions of the department stores during the holiday season?
Roger Farah:  Yes, thats a good question. Weve often wrestled with that as the main department store distribution had desires to close out inventory. I think it has some impact but Im not sure that I would say that was the headline issue in terms of the negative comps. We did suffer a fall off in tourism in key cities even in the factory business, which is not an insignificant part of some of the stores and regions. And I think the overall just cut back in consumer spending would have been the second issue. In the past weve looked at gas prices because as theyve gone up and a lot of our factory stores you have to drive to we have felt the impact of rising gas prices but obviously with gas falling through the fall and continuing to be lower, we havent seen the boost that in the past would have given us some extra lift. So I think it was a factor but not a major factor.
Kate McShane  Citigroup:  And then can you give any more detail behind the sequence of what comps looked like at outlets? Were they better in December than they were in November?
Roger Farah:  I dont think we break down the comps by month. I think the comps in the outlet business sort of moved up and down in a band throughout the quarter, really post to late September period. The December business as most of you know started with a strong Thanksgiving, then there was a couple of weeks in between where it was a little softer. And then as we got close to Christmas the pre-Christmas and the Christmas to New Years bin business was quite strong. So it was perhaps A Tale of Two Cities in the month of December itself.
Kate McShane  Citigroup:  What are you seeing with your wholesale customers in terms of canceling orders? How did that transpire during the fourth quarter? Did you see a cancellation of orders and do you expect more cancellations or less cancellations in the first quarter? Or are inventories at wholesale better sized now?
Roger Farah:  Well, I think Id answer it this way. Our inventories at retail, meaning in the wholesalers channel are in line with our plan so we didnt end the fall season over-inventoried in our customers. And our inventories are in line. Thats really a function of I think what Tracey mentioned was a very thoughtful and well managed preplanning process that we do with our retailers to try to align sales expectations with merchandise commitments. If we do that properly and then sales come through as expected, we dont have the imbalances.  So we started a ways back when the fall orders were placed doing that. I think weve done that very well for spring and with about half of the fall orders for 09 in we continue to work closely with the retailers on planning those inventories. Theyre planning conservatively. Theres no doubt that some of this fall heavy promoting in the industry was a function of slower sales but some of it was trying to get inventory in alignment which I think as 09 plays out retailers wont have that problem as much. It will just be in an effort to stimulate demand. So I dont really anticipate that being a big issue for us. I think that the onus is on us and the retailers to plan properly and perhaps conservatively from the beginning.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates:  With the tone of much less conspicuous spending it seems as though youre higher end brand may fare better than the competition and I just wondered if you can speak to that. Do you feel like youre gaining market share from some of these other more conspicuous brands as people tone down their purchases? And then, too, I just wondered if you could talk about the designer world. Ive heard that designers are lowering price points by sourcing in different countries and that may not apply to you. But if you could speak to those two things that would be great.
Roger Farah:  Okay. Well, let me start with the high end customer I think is feeling two things. One the market has been so volatile and obviously down. Theres both a real reduction in net worth or income. And theres the psychological impact of all of that. And I think the highest end customer is feeling it the most, either because they dont have as much money as they had a year ago or they dont feel like spending it. And I think most of our products are discretionary and I think the customer has chosen at the highest level to delay or be more selective in their purchases. I think the nature of our design, the fact that our product is more timeless, I think the fact that our products over the years have been more investment like gives us an advantage as that customer is selective. But I think at the moment that customer is a bit frozen in their willingness to spend. And I think thats going to play out for a while. Weve talked about in the past we today manufacture in almost 45 countries. So we are not looking to move product to new geographies or trade down the quality or fabrication. Because we have a portfolio of products that range from the highest end down to more mainstream, I think therell be a different emphasis on where the customer wants to get a piece of Ralph Lauren. But were not going to look to trade down any of the individual brands or product categories or re-source them from where weve been in the past.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Unidentified Analyst]  Piper Jaffray.
Unidentified Analyst  Piper Jaffray:  Id like to focus on the international wholesale and retail if I could. Can you just walk us through an example of how the currency exchange and your hedging activities work through the model? And then can you give us some insight into the regional performance both in Europe and in Asia? Thank you.
Tracey T. Travis:  Yes. Well we in terms of  let me start with the hedging activity. We hedge inventory purchases. So we hedge our transactions related activity. And so we do get some benefit in our gross margin performance or detriment in our gross margin performance depending on whether or not how our hedges perform during any particular period. And thats all pulled out in our financial statements. As it relates to the foreign exchange, I mean we called out what the impact of foreign exchange was on our earnings in my portion of the script, Jennifer, so Im not sure what specifically your question is related to. But from a revenue standpoint our revenues were down 1.4%. Actually the foreign exchange was a detriment this quarter primarily related to the euro. The yen was actually a slight benefit to us. The net impact of that if you adjust that out, our revenues would have been down only 0.2%. So we actually would have performed better year-over-year from a revenue standpoint without the foreign exchange impact.
Roger Farah:  I think the complexity of this is maybe captured when you think about from the beginning of manufacturing cycle to the translation back to our balance sheet. You know we buy in one currency. We then sell in another currency. We then translate those results back to U.S. dollars from all over the world. So in an effort to forecast the impact of currency plus or minus, youre really dealing with multiple currencies at multiple stages of the supply chain; wholesale and retail activity; and then the conversion back to U.S. dollars on the balance sheet. So one of the strategies we have which is to grow international business which has worked so well for us and will continue to be a strategy, it does add complexity in terms of the impact of a variety of currencies around the world all running through different parts of our P&L. So well continue to try to make that as clear as possible as we navigate through this ever increasing complex model.
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates:  Just more detail on the regional break out, Europe and Asia if you can?
Roger Farah:  Yes. I think for the last five or six years the retail results in Europe have exceeded the strong U.S. rates but I think in the third quarter of this year we did see a pull back in spending in Europe. You know, not too different than what we have in the United States in our Ralph Lauren stores. The factory stores in Europe did perform positively and better than the U.S. and we dont have a lot of owned retail yet in Japan or Asia to be a meaningful number at this point.
James Hurley:  Were slowly running out of time so we could ask if youd really limit yourself to one question as we go forward. So well take the next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  Roger, as you said youve done an impressive job of controlling what you can. And it seems that youve cut back dramatically on wholesale inventory before retail softened in the U.S. but following up on your comments in terms of what youre seeing in Europe that doesnt seem to be the case with wholesale growing. And yet weve started to see some softness in retail. Perhaps you know give us a sense perhaps understand that rationale, is it a function of door count or why a difference in strategy there?
Roger Farah:  Well, I think the wholesale business in Europe as I said in my opening remarks in constant currency was up double-digits in the third quarter. And I know weve talked in the prior couple quarters about whether we had seen a softening there. And we have continued to out perform in my opinion the market and the competition. So I think Europe has caught a lot of the same economic cold and is beginning to see the unemployment numbers rise and some of the banking issues.  We are thinking about next year more conservatively for Europe but I still think it has growth opportunities relative to the trends in the U.S. Some of that is the way we position the brand and our distribution strategy. And I think on top of next year weve got Lauren coming in as an incremental business in Europe which we did not have there, and as weve talked about it the February launch in about 100 doors. So as we continue to dimensionalize our business in Europe I think weve gotten positive sell throughs and positive responses. But we are anticipating a slowdown against that run rate in the new year. The retail slowdown in the Ralph Lauren stores in Europe was a combination of the economic issues and also a pull back on tourism because a lot of the business in Europe in the major capitals over the years has included and is an important part of the Russian tourists and other parts of Eastern Europe, which went through their own turmoil in the fall. And were seeing a fall off in their purchasing as well. So I think were going to take the next fiscal planning cycle with a more conservative view than weve had in Europe but still probably stronger than the U.S.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  And then I just had a follow up, a quick question for Tracey. In the retail performance in the face of challenging retail comps, just give us a sense of how you were able to control expenses so well. And if we assume that retail comps remain challenged in the fourth quarter to get to that implied fourth quarter guidance should we assume a continuation of that retail expense control?
Tracey T. Travis:  Well, I think Adrianne we said that actually we de-levered - while we had overall good expense control in the quarter we actually saw some de-leverage in our retail segment in terms of expenses. And that doesnt mean that we certainly didnt have expense control in retail, but obviously given the tremendous negative comp performance that we had in the segment it was hard to offset that with expense leverage. So we did see de-leveraging of expenses.  Certainly our retail we are focused on overall from a company standpoint looking at expense management in the discretionary areas that we can and other areas as well, pulling back on travel and other areas of control to try to mitigate the impact of lower sales which we will certainly continue to do into this quarter as well. And all of that is reflected in the guidance we provided for the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [David Glick]  Buckingham Research.
David Glick  Buckingham Research:  Roger just wanted to get your sense  Im trying to understand the sort of the dichotomy of the performance of your brands and categories in your wholesale accounts at the retail level. It seems like your sell-in trends were not as good as your sell-out trends. Obviously your wholesale accounts had pulled back earlier in the cycle.  And Im just wondering while it may seem counter- intuitive whether its even possible as you head into next year to see the same or even better trends in terms of a sell-in to your wholesale accounts based on the out-performance of your brands in department stores, maybe some replenishment opportunities. And Im just wondering is that kind of a silver lining in here and perhaps an opportunity? Outside of the American Living since youre obviously up against pipeline fill there, but I just wonder if youd give me some thoughts on that. That would be helpful.
Roger Farah:  Okay. Well, I think youre right. Our sell-in and the planning of that in partnership with our retailers was more conservative and I think our field organizations and our wholesale people worked very hard to improve the sell-throughs. And I think probably counter to most people, our margin improvement year-to-date in third quarter which is not insignificant in this environment in a large part has to do with those kind of improved sell-throughs.  At the end of the day if theres too much Ralph Lauren product in the pipeline and it has to be sold at distressed prices thats not in the long term interest of the brand. We have continued that thinking in through the spring and summer selling of 2009, partly because thats proven to be successful and partly because I think everybodys cautious about consumer reaction. That may in fact give us an opportunity to pick up share. Well see how that plays out over time. But I think our efforts over the years to invest in capital, invest in marketing, invest in in-store support in support of that sell-in is partly responsible for the improved results. So we think that will continue. We think the conservative planning justified itself with the results. And as we work through the next 12 months I think thats going to be the hallmark which is carefully managing supply and demand in a way that our brand can win. The other issue which you mentioned which is basic stock replenishment, we do see as an opportunity. We have iconic products. We have replenishment item in all the key brands and all the distribution points. We have the infrastructure and the balance sheet to support that. And we think those retailers once they get their inventory in alignment will begin to more actively participate in that because those are some of the highest margin sales they have. And it behooves them to be in stock on basics even if fashion is being shunned by the customer. So I think youre right on both counts. It represents opportunities for us and were going to try to take advantage of both. So with that I thank you all for listening. Its obviously been a very interesting first nine months of the year. Were pleased with where we are and how were positioned with what will prove to be a dynamic next 12 months. Well talk to you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thanks.
Operator:  That does conclude todays conference call. Thank you all for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley  Director of Investor Relations Roger N. Farah  President and Chief Operating Officer Tracey T. Travis  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Omar Saad  Credit Suisse Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital Robby Ohmes  Merrill Lynch Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs Evren Kopelman  JP Morgan Kate McShane  Citigroup
Operator: Thank you for calling Polo Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Now for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn our call over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley: Good morning and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren Second Quarter of Fiscal 2009 Conference Call. The agenda for today's call includes Roger Farah, our President, and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives, and then Tracey Travis, our CFO, will provide operational and financial highlights from the second quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2009. After that we will open the call up for your questions, which we ask that you limit to one per caller. As you know, we will be making some forward-looking statements today, including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to be reporting strong second quarter results that exceeded our expectations. We delivered a 10% revenue growth with a solid retail comp of 5%, and our diluted earnings per share increase of 45% compared to last year. Our year-to-date results are equally strong, and even more compelling when we consider the market challenges that have persisted for the last year and intensified during the second quarter. I believe these results confirm the vitality of our brand, the relevance of our strategy, the world-class capabilities of our management team, and the passion of our employees around the world, all of which is supported by the strength of our balance sheet. Without this powerful combination we would not have been able to achieve this high level of performance. Of course, we're not immune to macro challenges and our recent business trends have been affected by the global financial crisis that began to unfold in September. The impact has resulted in considerable volatility with customers in all channels of distribution pulling back on their spending, but in the context of tremendous uncertainty there are a few things I know for sure. First, we have one of the world's most desirable brands, and customers have consistently chosen our products over others. Second, our business has endured through good times and bad over the last 40 years, and we've always emerged stronger from any challenge. And finally, we have a solid strategy to grow shareholder value over the long term. This strategy is focused on elevating our brand and is grounded in three key areas  one, growing our international presence; two, expanding our direct-to-consumer reach; and third, our new merchandise development and product innovation.  While these initiatives are primarily focused on creating long-term value for our company, we are obviously executing them on a daily basis and have reaped some near-term benefits, which have contributed to our very strong year-to-date results. I'd like to provide an update on what we accomplished with these initiatives during the second quarter. Beginning with our international expansion efforts, as many of you know, we assumed direct control of our Japanese men's, women's, and jeans product last year, and children's and golf apparel this August. This gives us control over the majority of our Japanese product categories. We have license distribution rights through the rest of Asia.  I was recently in Asia for a two-week trip and came back incredible excited about the long-term opportunities for our company in that part of the world. There is tremendous appetite for global status oriented lifestyle brands given the considerable amount of wealth creation that has happened throughout Asia. Even though we've had a presence in this part of the world for many years, it is relatively small and generally reflects only a fraction of our various brands and product categories. This has certainly been the case in Japan where our business has been heavily skewed towards men's casual sportswear. Since we have assumed control of our Japanese business, we've begun to elevate the Ralph Lauren brand by introducing new labels and focusing on the right points of distribution. We've put a transition team on the ground to help jump-start these initiatives and integrate Japan into our global organizational structure. Along with our new locally based management, the transition team has helped train our new Japanese employees in a matter that is consistent with our global operating procedures and we are already seeing some encouraging results. The performance of our target doors and the Japanese department stores continue to outpace overall industry trends by several hundred basis points, evidence that our direct control of our merchandising assortment can have a meaningful near-term impact of sales and profits even as we execute our long-term strategy. We'll continue to expand our target door program in Japan, and further refine our assortment planning on a door-by-door basis as we do in the United States. Our progress on the merchandising front in Japan is being supported by brand advertising and public relations activity as we leverage our supply chain expertise. So far we've consolidated three distribution centers into one, and beginning in spring 2009 we'll be sourcing product for Japan through our own global manufacturing network, moving away from using third-part trading companies. All of the strategies we are executing in Japan were key ingredients of our successful development of Europe, a region that has grown five-fold to over $1 billion during the last 6 to 7 years. Speaking of Europe, our business there continues to grow nicely across both wholesale and retail channels, and we achieved double-digit organic growth in the region for the first half of the year. During the quarter we opened our largest women's-only store dedicated to our collection in Black Label merchandise on Avenue Montaigne in Paris, which is a key market focus for us. A few weeks ago we opened our first Ralph Lauren store in Istanbul to a licensed partner, marking another important step to establishing a presence in Eastern Europe.  Having successfully developed a strong luxury presence in women's wear throughout Europe over the last several years, we are excited about the introduction of Lauren merchandise into selected European wholesale doors for spring 2009, including House of Fraser in the U.K. and El Corte Ingls in Spain. We believe this is an opportunity to attract new European customers to the world of Ralph Lauren with our Lauren brand, as we have successfully done in the U.S. With respect to our direct consumer strategy, the year-to-date comp momentum at are directly operated stores has been complemented by new store openings and double-digit gain at RalphLauren.com. Our retail stores represent the best expression of our lifestyle positioning, and create an important halo over all of our products and channels of distribution. The stores carry the widest assortment of our luxury products and are highly regarded for the exceptional level of customer service they offer. The resilience of our second quarter comps was achieved not only on top of several years of good growth, but also as the overall domestic retail environment continued to deteriorate. I believe we have particularly strong product this fall, some of our best ever, and we experienced positive early customer reaction to our merchandise. In spite of these good initial trends, traffic in the stores slowed towards the end of September.  RalphLauren.com is another direct-to-consumer focus for us. Since its launch in 2000, we have continued to innovate and invest in the business, and we are now benefiting from those critical long-term strategies. Our most recent investment is a dedicated RalphLauren.com distribution center, which is working seamlessly and receiving high customer service ratings. RalphLauren.com is posting impressive gains as we add new product category, including the successful create-your-own customization feature, and energizing the site with editorial content. RalphLauren.com really leveraged our Olympic involvement this past summer as it was home to one of the widest selections of Ralph Lauren Olympic-related merchandise, and had broad Ralph Lauren Olympic Games content, including videos and interviews with athletes. Consistent with the spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation that defines our company, we've launched mobile commerce capabilities during the quarter. While still small in terms of sales, customers can now shop RalphLauren.com from their cell phones using quick response, or QR codes, found in our ads or in store windows. We are the first luxury brand in the United States to embrace this cutting edge technology which has proven to be successful in driving sales in other parts of the world. The launch was executed flawlessly and supported by 360 degree marketing plans that leveraged our sponsorship of the U.S. Open, our email marketing efforts, our print advertising and our brick and mortar stores.  The publicity received around this new technology was significant. Today customers can buy a wide range of products using M Commerce including Ralph Lauren collection accessories, mens Black Label merchandise, classic polos and even our new womens fragrance Notorious. Building on the RalphLauren.com platform further we launched Rugby.com in the middle of the quarter. The initial reaction in terms of traffic and sales has been much better than expected, which is certainly encouraging given the market environment and the fact that we had not invested in major advertising for Rugby. So far over 70% of Rugby.com customers are new to the brand.  Moving on to the last of our long-term strategic initiatives, our commitment to new merchandise development and product innovation, new products have been a critical driver of consumer demand for us. And innovation has become increasingly important as customers have been more discerning with their apparel spending. In fact its the novelty product that has been the primary driver of our top line momentum this year. And our Olympic-related merchandise was a notable stand out during the quarter. Especially the Create Your Own Flag Polos, which allowed customers to design their own combination of shirt colors and country flag. Our revitalized womens footwear business continues to add new doors and has been performing above our expectation registering impressive full price weekly sell throughs. Our mens business was also very strong during this quarter, again due to some of the best merchandise I think weve ever had. The color, novelty and execution at retail has been stellar and the wholesale interest in our mens Black Label sportswear continues to grow. Over the years youve heard me speak at length about the strength of our management team. During the second quarter we announced important new hires and the promotion of several executives to new roles in the organization. These talented managers are focused on areas of great strategic importance for us. Laura Hall recently joined our company as President of Accessories. And [Frank Gazetta] joined us as President of Ralph Lauren Home. Both Laura and Frank have many years of senior executive experience with their respective product categories and we are thrilled to have them on board. Internally we promoted [George Hordina] as President of Asia Pacific and hell be located in Hong Kong. Hell be leading the strategic direction and identifying growth opportunities for our owned and licensed business in Japan and the rest of Asia, Australia, South America and Central America. George has a long history with Polo as the former President of our childrens wear business and most recently as the leader of our Japanese integration effort. Matthew Young was appointed as President of childrens wear having led our childrens sales effort for the last 10 years. In our retail division Wayne Meichner was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of the Polo retail group, responsible for the strategic management and development of our domestic retail concepts including Ralph Lauren stores, Polo Factory stores, RalphLauren.com, Rugby and RRL.  Wayne spent the last six years as president of our domestic Ralph Lauren stores which are now being led by Susie Coulter who has 10 years of experience working in many different capacities within our retail divisions around the world. I think our ability to track new talent and to promote from within allows us to select the most experienced global leaders to execute on our strategic initiate with the added benefit of maintaining continuity and building on institutional knowledge as we expand around the world. Weve achieved a lot in the first six months of fiscal 2009 and our belief  I believe our results are impressive by any measure. Weve certainly worked very hard to achieve them and we are bolstering our position as a design-led innovator. And we are proactive about our protecting of our brand and our profitability when first sign of a slowdown materialized last year. As a result our inventories are very well managed, comfortably below last years level, even if sales have grown by double digits.  At the same time our retail sell through rates have been strong which has led to stronger profit margins. We know that in tough times the customers believe in our brands and the quality we offer. And our year-to-date financial results reflect this. Of course our efforts were supported by exceptional brand marketing and advertising, and I think our association with world class sporting events such as the Olympics, Wimbledon, and the U.S. Open really accentuated our global exposure.  As you are all aware the second half of the year presents some pretty astounding macro challenges for all consumer oriented business. The world has been changed by a severe financial crisis whose ramifications have been intense and continue to evolve on a daily basis. With respect to consumer spending, global market conditions have deteriorated faster and harder than anyone expected. Our business has also been affected by the slowdown. Currently we are seeing reluctance among customers to spend across channels and price strata. During the month of October our comp trends in our retail stores were very different than our year-to-date results. Since the middle of September, promotional activity has escalated across the entire retail sector and the consumer is looking for compelling value. We continue to work closely with our wholesale customers so that sales plans, inventory levels and on orders are in proper alignment.  For these reasons we have assumed a more conservative view of the global retail environment for the back half of the year. With a strong first half of the year and our expectations that the second half will be more difficult, we are still holding our earnings per share guidance for the full fiscal 2009. Quite frankly the current market trends and the reality of a global recession make forecasting our business, particularly our retail segment a real challenge. And we will have to evaluate how the global consumer continues to react to these unprecedented times after the holiday season. Tracey will comment in greater detail on how were thinking about the balance of the year. But I think its important to clarify that our outlook is colored by the macro factors that are beyond our control and not a matter of company-specific issues.  For this reason we remain committed to our long term strategic initiatives. As our multi prong strategies were designed to elevate our brand and diversify our businesses, reducing exposure to any one region of the world or channel of distribution. This strategy has served us well over the last several years. Weve delivered solid returns by assuming more direct control over our business, whether in Europe with products such as Lauren or childrens or with our retail development and Ecommerce efforts.  Our cash flows have grown even while were investing in the business. And weve established a very strong balance sheet with large growing cash balances and very little debt. We have the financial wherewithal to stay the course, and as we evolve our existing businesses and pursue new growth strategies or high margin opportunities, such as Japan or various accessory categories. Of course well be focusing on maintaining our high level of execution across all channels; vigilant and keeping our inventories current and making sure our expenses are in line with our revenue expectations.  Our management team has a track record of navigating through difficult times, as evidenced by our year-to-date results and I remain confident in our ability to continue to do so. Now Id like to turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operating highlights of the second quarter as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year.
Tracey Travis:  First I would like to highlight for you the drivers of our second quarter net income and earnings per share performance. Then I will comment on our outlook for the balance of fiscal 2009.  For the second quarter we achieved consolidated net revenues of $1.4 billion an increase of 10% over the prior years period. Our higher sales were achieved as a result of growth in global retail sales, where our comps rose 5.1% on top of a 4.5% comp in the prior year period, the strength of our international wholesale business particularly in Europe and the shipment of new products including American Living merchandise.  These increases were partially offset by lower domestic shipments of our For Mens, Womens and Childrens wear products. Approximately 2.6 points of our 10% total revenue growth for the quarter was due to favorable currency exchange rates, primarily the Euro. Our gross profit dollars increased 13% to $788 million and our gross profit rate improved 170 basis points to 55.2% in the second quarter, compared to 53.5% during the same period last year.  The growth in gross profit dollars and the expansion and gross profit rate reflect our higher sales, a decline in purchasing accounting amortization related to last years acquisitions, as well as strong full price sell throughs at wholesale and retail stores globally. Second quarter operating expenses increased 8% to $545 million compared to $503 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2008. Operating expenses as a percent of revenues were 38.2%, 50 basis points below last year. The operating expense leverage primarily reflects our revenue growth and a decline in purchase accounting amortization that was partially offset by our ongoing investment in product expansion and new store development. Operating income for the second quarter was $243 million, 26% higher than the prior year period and our operating margin for the quarter was 17%, 220 basis points greater than that of the second quarter of fiscal 2008. The improvement in operating margin rate is primarily due to lower purchase price amortization, the profit contribution from new products and leverage on corporate expenses that was partially offset by lower operating profitability in our retail segment. Net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2009 increased 40% to $161 million and net income per diluted share increased to 45% to $1.58. The increase in our net income principally relates to a higher operating income as well as to an effective tax rate of 34% in the second quarter of fiscal 2009 compared to a 39% rate in the comparable period last year. The lower effective tax rate for the second quarter and the first six months of fiscal year 2009 was primarily a result of statutory law changes, favorable geographic income mix and the resolution of some discrete tax items. And now Id like to spend some time providing insight into our segment highlights for the quarter. First regarding our wholesale segment, sales increased 10% to $846 million. Revenues from new products strengthened our European sales particularly in the United Kingdom and Italy. And growth in Japanese revenues, primarily related to childrens wear, golf and other transition product licenses were partially offset by lower domestic shipments of our For Mens Womens and Childrens wear product.  The lower domestic shipments reflect a planned reduction in orders which weve discussed before, from our domestic wholesale accounts which came as the result of the sharp slowdown in retail business trends that began last fall. The recalibration of what was shipped resulted in strong sell throughs at our wholesale accounts during the quarter that Roger spoke about earlier.  From a category perspective in the United States menswear continues to perform well across the board and women's wear has shown progressive improvements thanks to more focused assortments built around iconic key items, especially sweaters and knits. Our domestic wholesale childrens wear business is also benefiting from fewer, more meaningful deliveries that are focused on iconic key items like our mesh polos.  In Europe our womens Blue Label, Black Label and Collection sales were all up double digits during the second quarter. Wholesale volume of our mens Purple Label and Black Label merchandise more than doubled during the quarter.  In Japan sales of Polo's menswear is strong and both our mens and womens Blue Label products are out-performing the overall market trends in department stores in Japan. Our second quarter wholesale operating income of $212 million was 21% higher than the prior year period. And our operating margin, reported operating margin was 25%, 220 basis points greater than the prior year operating margin. Primarily due to higher revenues, a decline in purchase price amortization and improved full price sell through of our merchandise that was partially offset by expenses at newly acquired businesses and for emerging product categories. For our retail group, second quarter sales increased 12% to $531 million. Overall comp sales increased 5.1% or 4.2% in constant currency, reflecting an increase of 0.3% at Ralph Lauren stores, 8.2% at factory stores and a 3.7% decline at Club Monaco stores.  RalphLauren.com sales were 31% up over the comparable period last year. Our second quarter comparable store sales growth benefited more from full price selling, a function of the desirability of our brand and more focused inventory assortments. Men's apparel and accessories, children's wear and women's accessories were the best performing product categories in our Ralph Lauren stores during the quarter. In general, stores have benefited from a high level of international tourism, such as our New York City or London stores, continue to outperform locations that are more reliant on local consumers. We opened 12 new stores during the quarter, including the Paris store that Roger mentioned earlier, and Robertson Boulevard in Los Angeles, and ended the quarter with 328 directly operated stores globally. Retail operating income was $57 million in the quarter, 10% higher than the $52 million of retail operating income in the second quarter of fiscal 2008. Retail segment operating margin declined 30 basis points to 10.8% in the second quarter of fiscal 2009, primarily attributable to an impairment charge related to certain retail store assets.  Regarding licensing, our licensing royalties for the quarter were $52 million, 2% below the prior year period as revenue from new American Living product licenses and growth in domestic Polo men's underwear royalties offset a decline in Japanese product licensing revenues. As a reminder, the decline in Japanese product licensing royalties is a function of our assuming direct control of certain product categories in Japan. Operating income for our licensing segment increased 18% to $27 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2009, compared to $23 million in the prior year period. The growth in licensing operating income was due to higher domestic product licensing revenues that more than offset a decline in Japanese product licensing royalties associated with the company assuming direct control of certain product categories in Japan. We ended the quarter, as Roger said, in excellent financial conditions and with a very strong balance sheet. At the end of the quarter we had $510 million in cash, cash equivalent, and short-term investments on the balance sheet, compared to $626 million at the end of fiscal 2008. Net of debt, we had $71 million in cash and short-term investments at the end of the second quarter, which compares favorably with a $53 million net debt position at the end of fiscal year 2008.  As a reminder, our current net cash position is after retiring the $197 million short-term loan that was used to finance last year's Impact 21 transaction, which we repaid in the first quarter of this year. During the quarter we also repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares of stock for $118 million. We currently have approximately $266 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization plan.  We ended the second quarter with inventory down 3% from the same period in the prior year. Excluding inventory associated with the [Nyguy] transaction and American Living inventory, our consolidated inventory declined 8%. The year-over-year decline in inventory compares to our 10% sales growth in the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we are committed to proactively managing inventory in a disciplined manner as we have demonstrated the past several quarters, particularly in this difficult economic environment.  In addition to earnings growth, improved working capital management was an important driver in our 53% improvement in operating cash flow for the first 6 months of the year. We also achieved a return on equity of 21% for the last 12-month period, and our return on investment was 29% over the same timeframe. We spent approximately $29 million on capital expenditures during the second quarter of fiscal 2009 to support new retail stores, wholesale shop installations and other infrastructure investments. So as Roger commented earlier, our results for the first half of fiscal 2009 are strong by any measure you'd like to use, and clearly ahead of our expectations. Now that we've begun our third quarter of fiscal 2009 we already know the global retail environment has become far more challenging for us and for others. Holiday sales are expected to be the weakest in several years, and tourist travel has slowed considerably as the dollar has strengthened and global economies have weakened. The idea of a consumer led global recession is increasingly becoming the consensus viewpoint of leading economists, and if that were to become true or if it is already true as some believe, it will certainly have an impact on our business. For these reasons we continue to be cautious with our sales planning and inventory buying as do all of our customers around the world. As you saw in this morning's press release, we are maintaining our full-year fiscal 2009 diluted EPS guidance of $4 to $4.10. By maintaining guidance we obviously expect a deceleration in our business in the back half of the year relative to what we have experienced in the first half. While we are not providing specific third-quarter guidance at this time, I would like to mention some of the factors you should consider as you think about our business for the second half of our fiscal year. As it relates to our full-year guidance, we currently expect net revenues to grow at a low single-digit rate for fiscal 2009, which compares to our prior guidance of low to mid single digit increase in net revenues. Our outlook assumes that deceleration in global retail sales growth in the second half of the year relative to what we've experienced in the first half of the year, and this is based on our most recent sales trends. This would imply negative same-store sales trends for the remainder of the year. With the lower level of sales growth we are obviously also projecting a lower level of operating margin and profitability for our retail segment as we remain committed to managing our inventory in line with softer demand. The recent strengthening of the U.S. against the Euro has also had an impact on our sales outlook for the second half of the year. While this is expected to affect both our retail and wholesale channels, the impact is more pronounced for our wholesale segment given the size of our European wholesale business. So these are the items that have affected our outlook for the remainder of the year. It is important to also remember that we will continue to manage through a reduced level of domestic wholesale orders for the remainder of fiscal 2009 as we have year-to-date. These lower planned orders compare to relatively strong orders in the year earlier period.  In addition to managing through the reduced orders, we will also begin to anniversary the initial shipments of American Living which commenced, I'll remind you, in December of last year to support the fill-in of 600 doors across nearly 50 product categories for a February 2008 launch. And we do continue to expect $0.08 to $0.10 of full-year dilution related to assuming direct control of our Japanese children's wear and golf apparel in fiscal 2009. Finally, we also believe that with the favorable tax matters that we have settled to date and our current geographic mix of income, our full-year tax rate will be approximately 35.5%. At this point we are not making any changes to our capital spending plans for fiscal 2009 as our cash flows and financial position are well in excess of our near-term capital needs, and our projects all support our long term strategic growth initiatives; however, we have re-evaluated projects planned for fiscal 2010 and expect to communicate our capital and earnings outlook for fiscal 2010 on a future call.  So once again, we are obviously proud of the company's second quarter and year-to-date results, and we are pleased with our ability to maintain our earnings guidance in this environment, albeit a weaker second half. And with that, I will conclude the company's remarks and we will open the call up now for question and answer. Operator, could you assist us with that please? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Omar Saad  Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse: Roger, and Tracey, the step down implied by your guidance kind of raises some questions around, and the nature of business around the health of the luxury consumer. We've been seeing what's been happening with some of the higher end department stores, monthly comps in this environment, and you obviously have a view, you have insight into even the more global view of that consumer.  Can you help us understand how that consumer is behaving, what you're noticing, and how they're behaving, and is it different in the U.S. versus Europe versus Asia, and how you think that that part of the business will play out over the next 12 to 18 months?
Roger N. Farah: So, Omar, nothing on the second quarter, just get right into the go forward. I love it. I think your observations are on the luxury consumer are correct. While the last 12 months have been a difficult economic environment, I think the last 45 days has seen an extraordinary series of issues that have affected both the psychology of the luxury consumer as well as their desire to spend on a discretionary level.  So whether it's the high end large specialty stores in the U.S. that have reported difficult September trends and will report, I guess, tomorrow their October trends, or it's some of the smaller specialty stores, I think the luxury customer has contracted their spending in the last 30 or 45 days differently than the last 12 months. I think they're being more selective about purchasing. I think they're looking for something new and novel and different, and where you have it they are reacting positively. I think the Unites States was probably the first to feel that, but the recent reaction of the luxury customer in Europe, or even some of the markets like Russia where there's been great turbulence in the stock market there, I think the luxury customer around the world has become more careful with their spending. And even in the Middle East, which was riding the gloom of very high oil prices. I think a lot of that has made people at least psychologically more cautious. So it is something new and different or unusual, spending continues, but we're approaching the back half of the year with a sense that the luxury customer is going to behave differently than they have up until now. So Asia, I would say Japan is feeling it more than the other parts of Asia where growth continues unabated, and so it's really a country-to-country or market-by-market situation. And that's how we're viewing our business and reacting accordingly.
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse: And just one follow-up if I may, the competition spread between your factory outlook and your full-price stores, do you think there's anything to read in that, vis--vis where customers are shopping for Polo Ralph Lauren?
Roger Farah: Yes. The full price Ralph Lauren stores had a very strong July and August and then the back half of September softened, and so what I just said earlier about unique and distinctive product on one end and perhaps value on the other end is sort of a barbell affect of what we're seeing with the customers. We'll see what happens through the holiday shopping period. We think we have good assortments. We think we're well staffed and ready to go. We have compelling marketing.  But I think you're seeing value shopping, whether it's through our own stores or through our wholesale channel of distribution, and then on the high end you're seeing novelty with the luxury customer being the motivator, so I think that's probably embedded in the second quarter numbers.
Operator: Your next call comes from Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners: Congratulations on a good quarter in a tough environment. Can you give any sort of specific examples about what you're seeing in the channel in terms of the deceleration  in the various channels in terms the deceleration and trend, be it in your own retail stores if you're not comfortable commenting on your retail partners?
Roger Farah: Well I think, Liz, what we've seen through any of the channels that we have distributed product is a slowdown in footsteps more than a reduction in average unit sale or a reduction in the number of units per transaction, both of which we track very carefully. As a matter of fact, even in the second quarter we increased our units per transaction and total value of transaction to offset some of the slowdown in footsteps. So I do think the issues the customers are reacting to is just less traffic, and in some cases that's a reversal of the tourist, in some cases it's the local customer. Clearly the strengthening of the dollar or the weakening of the Euro, depending on how you want to look at it, will affect holiday shopping patterns. As you all remember, last year the holiday season in key markets was distorted with traffic from international buying, and I think that's going to be moderated, so I think it depends on the format and the channel. The one thing that we're also seeing is ongoing strength in the online shopper. I think you could see that in the 30% increases that we've run to date, so some of the slowdown may be transferring to an online customer and thank goodness we've invested eight years in building that up into the power house it is, but we'll see for the holiday period.  Whether that's gift giving or whether that's self purchasing, I dont think it's always clear to people how much of that November, December shopping trend is self purchasing while somebody's in to buy a gift. And so it maybe that the gift purchasing holds up better but there may be some reduction in the self purchasing going on during that experience, so and thats I think based on our own results and through our third party distribution.
Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners: Do you think with the slow down in sales trends is in the wholesale channel that your sell in, your inventory position at retail is still conservative enough to allow you to see what you seeing for the fist part of this year, which is improved rates of full price sell through?
Roger N. Farah: Yes, I think [Jackie] and the wholesale team domestically for sure, work closely with our partners to get the inventory in alignment with sales expectations, which as you heard Tracey and I talk about did help improve our second quarter sell throughs.  We've continued to approach this time period with the same logic. I dont think anybody has clarity about what November, December will bring. But I think we feel good about the inventory we sold in, and our expectations on sell throughs are still strong.
Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, and then is there anyway I could get an update on handbags. I dont think you mentioned what was going on with the whole handbag business. I think fall was supposed to be the re-launch, right?
Roger N. Farah: Yes, I think that's a good question, and then after Liz we'll try to stick with one question per caller, since you got three in Liz. The accessory business, I think for us, represents large opportunities, and I think I did touch on the results of our footwear re-launches both at the collection level and at the Lauren level and our growing excitement over the success of that.  Handbags is trailing that since we just got back the license, or the rights to do business there, at the end of the year, and we probably will not launch women's handbags until late in calendar '09 or early 2010, in our efforts to get it right. And I think the addition of high quality leadership there will help put us on that time table.  And I think many of you have said the accessory business has been slowing and therefore does that make it a more difficult category to enter. And I think that on some levels it may have people looking for new resources or new product categories and while it may be slowing it's still an enormous merchandise category that has a lot of potential. So, timing of that is closer to end of '09 early '10 and we think we'll be ready for exciting launches at that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital
Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital:  Questions around the gross margin.
Roger N. Farah: Okay
Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital:  Can you maybe give a little bit more on the buckets of the gross margin expansion, how much was from the sales mix benefit, or how much was from the decline in purchase price accounting, and how much was just from the core margin business overall? 
Tracey T. Travis: Yes, for the second quarter?
Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital: Yes.
Roger N. Farah:  I think while Tracey's getting the specifics, I would say that the interesting phenomena about the margin, beyond the purchase price accounting is the cost of goods efficiency that we're getting out of our manufacturing and our supply chain initiatives which have continued to allow us to manage costs of goods in a world that was seeing some inflation and expense.  I think mix is also a part of it, as is the full price sell throughs given the lower sell ins. With that said, we can't predict the go forward positions other than the slow down in demand worldwide has created some capacity opportunities in factories, which have in fact helped manage what had been predicted as a cost of goods pressure problem for next fiscal year.  So, I think all of the pieces and parts of that have helped both for the quarter and for the year-to-date. I think we'll try to get you those numbers offline and if we could so we could keep moving Bob.
Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital: And, so hopefully I get another question then, Roger.
Roger N. Farah: Sure, you're saying that I only gave you half an answer, okay.
Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital: The other question that I have is when you look at American Living can just describe you what you've learned so far and sort of as you anniversary it, like the biggest changes that you're making going into next year?
Roger N. Farah: Sure, we launched American Living, as Tracey said, in 50 merchandise categories last February, which means that product had been in the design process for the 12 months prior to that. So, really our concept and our product development was stretching out through '07, launched in '08, so, the first feedback we received was Spring of '08, summer and now fall. I think there was a great deal of excitement by the JC Penney customer, for both product, marketing and brand positioning. I think we've learned a lot about their desire for novelty and fashion. I think that we have learned a lot about the basics needing to be competitive with other core product categories on the JC Penney selling floor.  I think we've also realized that in a market that has eroded in spring, summer and early fall, the JC Penney customer is very price conscious. So while they've reacted very well to product design and quality, I think we'd have to get some of those things in alignment, and that will take place for this coming Spring as it's the first time we've been able to react to what the customer's told us in spring of '08.  So, lot of great things, lot of excitement, lot of learning; all of which will be baked into the spring of '09 and summer and fall products.
Tracey T. Travis: Bob, 100 basis points.
Robert S. Drbul  Barclays Capital: That was 100 basis
Tracey T. Travis: For the purchase price accounting
Operator:  Your next call comes from Robby Ohmes  Merrill Lynch
Robby Ohmes  Merrill Lynch:  Actually, two quick questions if I may, the first question Roger or Tracey the tougher, environment that you're talking about. Everybody heading into here as you plan more conservatively are you looking for domestic core to go even more negative than it's been in the last few quarters say relative to Europe? Do you see Europe still holding up because your in a roll out process there with Lauren, etc.? Or do you see Europe wholesale really stepping down?  And then the second question is just on Japan and China, how soon could both of those become growth markets, either with owned stores in Japan that and maybe a strategy being executed in mainland China?
Roger N. Farah: Well, let's deal with the first question, first. The projections we have going forward in our assumptions, are based on the domestic businesses and I think you're referring to the wholesale side of domestic businesses, continuing in the core merchandise categories to be aligned with what our domestic partners are saying about their sales trends.  There is no doubt about our sell ins this fall have resulted in higher sell throughs and higher natural margins, I think all of which everybody's very excited about. So, we expect that to continue and that is a part of our thinking.  I think the European business which for several quarters now people have asked about, really had a really very strong second quarter and we continue to believe that business has real growth. I think the things that temper our view of Europe are either country specific issues, where there's been a meaningful slow down in a country like Spain, and or exchange rates.  So the European story of growth and high quality growth continues to be exciting and obviously the Lauren launch will help, but the exchange rates have changed pretty radically from this time last year.  As far as Japan and Asia I go back to our headline strategy which is we believe one day Asia will be a third of our worldwide business, Europe will be a third of our worldwide business and the United States will be a third. With Asia today, being only 17% of our total that implies really rapid growth over the near term.  And we think while we're getting our sea legs under us in Japan certainly China, which I didnt need a reminder of, but when I was there several weeks ago, there's an explosive opportunity as is Hong Kong, Macau and all the other parts, but so is Korea, so is Vietnam, so is a lot of the countries in that part of the world.  So I think you'll see effort and focus and capital spending and resources in that part of the world for a long time to come, and so we're actually quite excited about the long-term opportunity there. Okay next question, so we dont run out of time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs:  Roger you pointed to very impressive inventory management across your own planning and with your customers, so I'm just wondering in light of the change in the recent weeks in trends, could you show us that any sort of cancellation in orders? How they compare to historic trends in light of obviously a pretty sharp drop off in business in recent weeks?
Roger N. Farah: Yes, I think that's a fair question and it has come up a lot, really for the holiday and spring at this point, we really are working closely with our customers and our business is intact and we dont anticipate much change.  As you probably are aware, Adrianne, we worked very closely with our customers, in advance of markets opening to plan sales and receipts and inventories by door, by account. So, we're not really opening the door to a new line and hoping they like the line, and having people come in and view it. We have done extensive work with our customers around those.  So we are feeling good about where we are. Our forecasts for the balance of the year include our best thinking on that subject and at this point we think we're fine.
Adrianne Shapira  Goldman Sachs: And if I may follow up, Tracey just a question on the corporate expense, it looked quite impressive down about $5 million a reversal from the last two quarters. Could you give us any sense in terms of how we should be thinking about that line going forward and anything you see in terms of opportunities in the back half there?
Tracey T. Travis :  Well, we're obviously, given the softness in sales, we're obviously looking at controlling corporate expenses and managing corporate expense on a go forward basis, Adrianne, and I'm looking at discretionary expenses and where we can cut back.  And we've done that I think if you look at the first couple of quarters you will see that our expenses have been better than what has been anticipated. So, I would  we certainly plan to continue to manage that on a go forward basis.
Operator: Your next call is from the line of Evren Kopelman  JP Morgan.
Evren Kopelman  JP Morgan:  Very impressive quarter, my question is it sounds like your guidance assumes that the trends of the last 45 days continue into the next six months. And our question is could you be too pessimistic because October was an extraordinary month in the world financial market, and where could you be wrong and you're being a little too pessimistic? Maybe if you could touch on some categories or some segments?
Roger N. Farah : Well, I think, your question is what we hope, which is October was a tsunami of sorts, both in the financial markets as well as with consumer spending. I think having done this now for 30 plus years, I've never seen a world economy or financial crisis resonate on a world wide basis with customers. So, the fact is it's premature to decide whether October was an unusual month or more of a permanent trend.  As managers of the business the only thing we can really do is make assumptions and use our best judgment to protect our long-term strategies and then adjust where appropriate to inventories, or capital spending or expenses and if we turn out to be wrong and the customer is more resilient post election, there's a sense of optimism about change that would be good news and we'll be prepared for that.  But as stewards of the business I think managing the balance sheet and managing the expenses and inventory as we've done, and we've certainly intensified in the last 12 months, is the right strategy for us to take and that's what we're going to do.
Evren Kopelman  JP Morgan: If I can add a quick one are you assuming for the next six months the Euro around the current levels of about $1.29?
Tracey T. Travis : Yes we are.
Roger N. Farah: Alright operator we'll take one more question, because I think we're out of time now.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Kate McShane  Citigroup.
Kate McShane -Citigroup: I was wondering if you could just remind us, can you layout a new product introductions over the next two quarters? So for example when the shipments of Lauren merchandise in Europe will impact your sales and if there are any new categories for American Living as well over the next two quarters?
Roger N. Farah:  Well, I think there's no new categories that are launching in the third quarter so any new product categories we're talking about really started in our fiscal fourth quarter. The major one in that case is the beginning of Lauren in Europe. We'll also launch watches at the Basel Watch Fair in Switzerland, but the products for that category will not start shipping until later in the spring so it will not affect fourth quarter.  So really it's just the Lauren in the European arena that's incremental in the fourth quarter, offset by obviously the startup of American Living last year in the December through March period. So not dramatic incremental launches in the fourth quarter. So with that, we appreciate everybody staying on. It's obviously an important time of year for all of us. Our second quarter and first half of the year results in my opinion were extraordinary. I think we're well prepared and are taking the right action given the uncertainty of the consumer spending and the difficulty in predicting that, but I think we are well along the way in managing all the manageable parts of our business and we're actually feeling like the back half of the year could be an opportunity to gain share in a difficult environment. So thank you for your time and attention and we'll speak to you again in February.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you everyone for participating. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - IR Roger N. Farah - President and COO Tracey T. Travis - CFO
Analysts: Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers Robby Ohmes - Merrill Lynch Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan DavidGlick - Buckingham Research Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray Christine Chen - Needham & Company Kate McShane - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and thank you for the calling the Polo Ralph Lauren First Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder today's conference is being recorded. All lines will be in a listen-only function during the presentation today. At the end of the presentation we will conduct a question and answer session at which time please limit yourself to one question. Instructions will be given at that time. Now, for opening remarks and introduction, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley, Please go ahead Sir,
James Hurley - Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's first quarter of fiscal 2009 conference call. The agenda for today's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives. And Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer will provide operational and financial highlights from the first quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2009. After that we will open up the call for your questions which we'd like you to limit to one per caller. As you know, we'll be making some forward-looking comments today including our financial outlook. The principle risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. We're pleased to be reporting first quarter results that exceeded our expectations. We delivered a 4% revenue growth with a solid retail comp of 4%. And our diluted earnings per share increased 13%, compared to last year. While the first quarter sales growth was in line expectations, the margin performance was better than we had anticipated. I'm proud of the results we achieved considering the fact that the domestic retail environment continues to be challenging. Our first quarter reflects the successful benefits of our long term strategic initiatives. Primarily, our commitment to new merchandised development and product innovation, our ongoing attempts to expand our direct to consumer, and our growing international presence. This multi-prong strategy is designed to diversify our businesses, reduce our exposure to anyone reason of the world or channel of distribution and to give us more direct control over our brands. We believe our strategy positions us well for the future. At the same time, we have to focus on our short-term execution, particularly in uncertain environments. I believe our results over the last few quarters demonstrates that we are performing on a very high level. Our inventories are very well managed as they are below last year. And at the same time our retail sell-through rates have been strong and our profit margins have benefited as a result. Our cash flows have grown with more direct control we now have over our businesses, and we have made the right decisions in order to deliver a very strong balance sheet, with large growing cash balances and very little debt. Our entire management team has supported and delivered on these key short-term operating priorities. Because of this cross functional discipline, we are comfortable pursuing our long term initiatives. Beginning with our international expansion efforts, our brand sales throughout Europe and Asia continue to grow at a double-digit rate, which is consistent with the trends we've experienced over the last several quarters. Sales in high profile department stores such as Galleries Lafayette, Harrods or Selfridges are particularly strong, aided by the iconic styling of our spring summer merchandise. We have also seen continued strength in our men's, women's and kids businesses across the international platforms. In Japan, we continue to see encouraging results from our remerchandising efforts at target doors. And we are refining our understanding of how to tier our products for specific points of sale. As you read our press release this morning, we recently took direct control of our childrenswear and golf apparel businesses in Japan, from our former licensee, Naigai, who will continue to hold the licence for our Polo branded hosiery sales in Japan. This is a major building block as we re-position our brand in this important market. We now directly control product categories that account for approximately 75% of our wholesale volume in Japan. With respect to our direct to consumer strategy, the comp store momentum at our directly operated stores is being complimented by new store opening and sustained double-digit gains at ralphlauren.com. I believe it's worth noting that our comps that remain healthy even as the overall domestic retail environment has deteriorated. Something I attribute to the desirability of our brand and products and our growing skills as a retail organization. As you know we have a few very large store projects in progress in Paris and New York City. We expect these stores will reset the bar for the luxury shopping experience and in important brand statements for us that will likely resonate on a global level. We are also on schedule to launch rugby.com in the next couple of weeks in time for the back-to-school season. And we will leverage the customer fulfilment centre we recently completed for ralphlauren.com to service this exciting new avenue of growth for Rugby. Moving on to the last of our long-term strategic initiatives, our commitment to new merchandise development and product innovation. New products have been a critical driver of consumer demand for us and the momentum behind our Polo, Black Label and Purple Label brands remain strong worldwide. We will be opening new points of distribution for our luxury products in the fall season in cities such as Paris and Istanbul. Domestically, the growth in our emerging product categories such as footwear, dresses and our expanding Black Label men's sportswear merchandise has helped to offset lower shipments for our core men's, women's and kid's products. While the impact of lower shipments were planned for, our retail sell-throughs during the quarter were very strong. This is particularly through of our men's and children's products. I believe that our performance is not only a testimony of the strength and vitality of our brands, but also a function of the fact that we are innovating, executing and merchandising at a higher and better level than ever before. Speaking of innovation, we continue to deliver new exciting products to J.C. Penney's American Living. In early July, we shipped young men's assortments in time to capitalize in the back-to-school season. And we remain very excited about the growth potential for American Living. In addition to assuming more direction control over the design production and management of our various products over the years, our global commitment to investing in advertising, marketing and public relations has helped to elevate our brand and increase its desirability around the world. In the past few years, we've begun sponsoring high profile sporting events such as Wimbledon and the U.S. Open. We are very excited as our role as an official outfitter of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic teams at the Beijing Summer Olympics which begin in two days. Much of the product we have provided for the athlete is available to purchase in many of our stores. The outfits for the opening ceremony are consistent with our luxury brand and are true to our American heritage. And I hope you will be among the estimated 4 billion people who tune into watch the opening ceremony to witness the unveiling of Ralph's iconic designs for yourself. Well, our new fiscal year is off to a good start. We continue to have a conservative view of the domestic retail environment. That said, we are raising our outlook for fiscal 2009 which Tracey will walk you through a little later. In the context of a challenging macro environment, we will to manage our businesses diligently. I believe we are well positioned for the upcoming fall and holiday seasons. We have planned our inventories conservatively for the balance of the year and the initial read on sales of early fall merchandise is encouraging. Of course, we'll also state a course investing in our long term strategic growth initiatives as our past efforts have proven to be an excellent way for us to create value for our shareholders. The strength of our management team cannot go unrecognized as it is their ability to execute against our various strategies that allow us to deliver for our shareholders. The fact that they are able to do so in the context of such a challenging business condition is a true testimony to their skills and Ralph and I would like to thank them for their hard work. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operating highlights of the first quarter as well as our updated outlook for fiscal 2009.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Roger and good morning everyone. First, I would like to highlight for you the drivers of our first quarter net income in earnings per share performance. Then I'll take you to our revised guidance for fiscal 2009. For the first quarter we achieved consolidated net revenues of $1.1 billion, an increase of 4% over the prior year's period. Higher sales were achieved as a result of strong international sale, particularly, in Europe and growth in our global retail segment, where consolidated comps rose 3.9% during the quarter and that was on top of a 7.6% increase in the prior year period. Our ralphlauren.com sales also grew double-digit. Shipments of our newly launched American Living brand in the U.S., were more than offset, by lower shipments of our core domestic wholesale products. Approximately, half of our total revenue growth was due to the favourable Euro exchange rate. Our gross profit dollar increased 8% to $638 million, and our gross profit rate increased 200 basis points to 57.3% in the first quarter, compared to 55.3% during the same period last year. The growth in gross profit dollars and the expansion in gross profit rate reflect both are growth in sales as well as the benefit of the strong currency effect related to our international sales. We did also have a small gross profit rate benefit, compared to last year due to the drop off of the purchase accounting impact from last year's acquisition. First quarter operating expenses increased 10% to $492 million, compared to $446 in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. Operating expenses as a percent of revenues were 44.2%, 250 basis points higher than last year. The higher operating expenses primarily reflect the impact of the newly required and emerging businesses as well as higher occupancy expenses for our open stores. Operating income for the first quarter was a $147 million, approximately equal to the prior year period. And our operating margin for the quarter was 13.2%, 40 basis points below that of the first quarter of fiscal 2008. Declining off in the operating margin rate reflects the higher operating expenses associated with business expansion that were partially offset by the higher gross margin rates. Net income for the first quarter of fiscal 2009 increased 8% to $95 million and net income per diluted share increased 13% to $0.93. The increase in our net income principally relates to a higher gross profit margin that was offset by increased operating expenses that I just discussed and to an effective tax-rate of 35% in the first quarter of fiscal 2009, compared to a 39% rate in the comparable period last year. The lower effective tax rate for the first quarter was primarily result of the lower income taxes, principally relating to favorable statutory law changes. Favorable geographic income mix as well as lower permanent differences. And now I'd like to spend a few minutes providing more insight into our segment highlights for the quarter. Regarding our wholesale segment, sales of $575 million were essentially flat with those in the first quarter of Fiscal 2008. Revenues from American Living and strength in European sales were offset by lower domestic shipments of our core men's, women's and childrenswear products. The lower shipments reflect a planned reduction in orders from domestic wholesale account, which came as a result of the sharp slowdown in retail business trends last fall. They also compared strong orders in the year earlier period. Our sell-throughs and wholesaler accounts were strong as Roger mentioned earlier. Consistent with the trend of the last few quarters, menswear remained stronger that womenswear. Although, womenswear also performed well in the quarter. In menswear, knits and shorts were the best performing categories, and customers responded particularly well for the color and novelty items in our assortment. Our first quarter wholesale operating income of a $107 million was flat with the prior year per and our reported operating margin was 18.7%, 10 basis points below the prior year's operating margin. For our retail group, first quarter sales increased 9% to $492 million. Overall comp store sales increased 3.9% reflecting an increase of 5.3% in Ralph Lauren stores, 3.3% at factory stores and 2.9% at Club Monaco stores. RalphLauren.com sales were up 20% over the comparable period. In general, stores that benefited from a high level of international tourism such as our New York City stores, outperformed locations that are more relying on U.S. consumers. Importantly, we are entering the full selling season with lean current inventory. We opened seven new stores during the quarter, including two new store locations in East Hampton , New York. Retail operating income was $67 million in the quarter, 6% higher than the $64 million of retail operating income in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. The growth in retail operating income was a result of revenue growth as well as a reduction in the purchase accounting effects associated with the all medium minority interest acquisition that negatively affected retail operating income in the first quarter of last year. The retail operating margin decline 50 basis point to 13.6% in the first quarter of fiscal 2009, primarily reflecting increased occupancy cost cause related to future store openings and higher selling related expenses. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $47 million, up 1% compared to the prior year, as a growth in our domestic Polo men's underwear and Chaps royalties and revenues from new American Living product licenses offset a decline in home licensing royalties. Operating income for our licensing segment, increased to 11% to $24 million in first quarter fiscal 2009, compared to $22 million in the prior you period. The growth in licensing operating income was due to higher licensing royalties from Chaps and American Living that were partially offset by a declining from royalties as mentioned earlier. As Roger mentioned, we ended the first quarter in excellent financial conditions and with a very strong balance sheet. We had $711 million dollars in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments compared to $626 million at the end of fiscal 2008. Net of debt, we had $241 million in cash and short-term investments at end of the first quarter, which compares favorably with a $53 million net debt position at the end of fiscal 2008. And during the first quarter, we did pay back short term loan used to finance the Impact 21 and the New Polo Japan acquisitions last year. We ended the first quarter with inventory down 6% from the same period in the prior year. The year-over-year decline in inventory compares to our 4% sales growth in the quarter. We are committed to proactively managing inventory in a disciplined manner as we have demonstrated in the past several quarters, particularly in this difficult environment. With respect to other balance sheet items, we achieved a return on equity of 19% for the last 12 months ending with the first quarter of fiscal 2009. And our return on investment was 28%. We spent approximately $56 million on capital expenditures during the first quarter of fiscal 2009 to support new retail stores, also shop installations and other infrastructure investments. Now that we are in our second quarter of fiscal 2009, we know the domestic retail environment remains challenging for us and for others. Uncertain times are likely to persist as expectations for consumer spending in the U.S. and some other... major international markets continue to be scale back. As you well aware, we are... will be managing to a reduced level of domestic wholesale orders for most of fiscal 2009. And this pull back does compare to recently strong orders throughout most of fiscal 2008, especially in the first half of the year. Wholesale accounts continue to extremely conservative with their inventory which is totally understandable in this environment as we are conservative about inventory. Well our first quarter results were better than our original expectations we are maintaining a conservative view of the entire domestic retail environment. In addition, as Roger mentioned earlier, we have acquired certain assets inclusive of inventory for childrenswear in golf apparel in Japan from our former licensee, Naigai. We expect to incur approximately $0.8 to $0.10 of earning dilution inclusive of non-cash purchase price amortization related to assuming more direct control of our childrenswear in golf apparel distribution in the U.S. We did acquire certain assets related to the acquisition of the transaction. We invested approximately 3 billion yen or $28 million to acquire these assets and those assets did include primarily inventory as well as some other assets. And all of that detail will be reflected in the 10-Q that we'll file tomorrow. As you saw in this morning's press release, we are now guiding to full year fiscal 2009 diluted EPS of $4 to $4.10. Our top-line guidance of a low to mid-single digit increase in that revenues remains unchanged. Our full year guidance also reflects the dilutive impact, related to the Naigai assets or acquisitions. For the second quarter, our guidance is for net revenue growth of mid to high single digit and an operating margin that is up 50 to 100 basis points, compared to a year earlier period. And with that I will conclude the company's remarks and we will open the call up for question and answer. Operator could you assist is with that please. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Additionally, please limit your self to one question. And we'll take our first question from Omar Saad with Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Thanks good morning.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Roger and Tracey, wanted to see if you could elaborate on some of the comments on Europe and Asia and what you are seeing out there in these markets. We know the U.S. has slowed considerably over the last several quarters and probably will remain slow for sometime, but there is a big fear in the market place and some of these other market that have been favorite places to be are really going to experience kind of... become part of this global slowdown, are you seeing that in your business or do you are really kind of at a stage where your penetration is still so low that there is enough market share to be taken to offset kind of an overall macro pressure in these markets.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, Omar it's a good question. I think its been floating out there for the last three months whether the rest of the world will begin to experience some of what the U.S. has been going through for the better part of a year. Our business which is today is not small in Europe. We are over a $1 billion dollars. And have broadly distributed across high-end specialty, our own stores and key department stores continues to perform very well. And I think we said earlier, first quarter results were double digit and were forecasting the balance of the year to continue to be strong. If I broke that apart a little bit, there are differences by country. Certainly, Spain is feeling a pull back in what had been a very robust construction business. And there is a lot of building and a lot of speculation there that's coming back down. I think that is affecting the economy. But in most of the other Western European countries, our business continues to be strong both for the locals as well as their tourist business. Their port tourist business may be down in terms of U.S. visitors. But they are certainly getting heavy dose of Eastern Europeans, people from the Middle East and clearly the Russians who are in fact in Europe and buying aggressively. So I think overall, there is some concern in Spain. There is talk that may be England would begin to catch some of the cold we have. But as we sit here today we have not seen that manifest itself in our business. In Asia, and I think Asia needs to be split between Japan and the rest of the region. The market place in Japan is softer it has been for sometime. I'm not quite sure the issues there are literally the same ones affecting the U.S. It is not really a housing crisis and some of the other things that we're all dealing with. But I do believe the economy in Japan is softer and I have noted as others have reported strength around the world, Japan continues to be more challenging. With that said, our initiatives there in the first year of owning the business have been one of testing whether we could in fact with new product remerchandising, retraining of sales people, whether in fact we could move the performance of our brand in the market place. At the moment our distribution in Japan is primarily department store, so we are merchandising into a declining traffic pattern that's been going on for a while in Japan. In the doors that we've focused on for spring, we saw a 22% trend change in both men's and women's. So we were very encouraged with our ability to reverse the trends in key locations in businesses, we've been in for 30 years in that market. So that definitely is encouraging. The rest of the Asian market continues to be quite strong, whether it's China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Australia all of those markets. While their financial stock markets have come down, actually the consumer has continued to spend. So it's kind of a different answer for different parts of the world, but so far so good for us.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great that's my one question. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liz Dunn with Thomas Weisel.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on a good quarter. My question relates to the wholesale business. You talked about the domestic wholesale sell-in being down and I think that was in line with your plan. Could you talk about that relative to your expectations was it in line with your expectations. And then you talked about the American Living sell-in, but could you discuss that in terms of sell-through versus your own expectations?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure. Well, Liz I think when business started to soften last early fall from not many retailers domestically and then continued on to what many people said was the most difficult Christmas in a long time. I think the buys that were made for fall and holiday last year were bought six and 12 months in advance with higher expectations of sell-through. So as the business results began to playing down, there definitely was too much inventory in the marketplace which caused the lot of promoting. For the most part, early spring at that point had already been in place. So you really went from fall to holiday to spring with most retailers optimistic about selling trends and then the disappointment that followed, created this big gap of excess inventory in the marketplace. But first, we will buy that retailers, we are able to correct started with the summer buys and into fall, and it continued into holiday, where most of the major retailers have taken a position of more conservative inventory position holding tight at open to buy. In anticipation of tougher sales trends, I think the belief is that may be the natural margins will have a chance to rise and the sell-through would improve. With that knowledge, we did partner with all of our key retailers for a more carefully planned summer fall, holiday buy, and so the plan that Tracey talked about came to fruition. So we weren't surprised, we had no excess goods. It was mutually agreed upon that we would sell-in less in hopes of improving the sell-through. In fact that's what happened. Polo business in men's was quite strong results, compared to other men's brands or in fact the total stores were significantly up. So the natural margins and the natural sell-throughs were quite good. It was on the back of very strong product. I don't think it's just, we lower the denominator it's that the product itself sold through well. I like the retailers came through clean. And we are now great position heading into fall and the early read on fall products continues to be strong. That it also true in the kids business where we sold in less, sell-through were better. People came through it in a cleaner way and heading in to back-to-school, I think there is some optimism. I think women's business which for some time has been softest. I would say had some ups and downs through the season with some strong deliveries then may be some weaker ones. But nevertheless, with the reduced buys, there is less clearance and the margins come up. As we head into fall, the actual deliveries of Lauren in the store now have experienced very nice sell-throughs in the last two or three weeks. So we sit here feeling a little more optimistic. The next year down which is really Chaps at Kohl's where our business has been outstanding, I think you have heard, Kohl's talked about that. Our business there men's, women's, kids, home continues to run well ahead of plan and I think in our third year with Chaps, we really understand that customer and are getting the kind of sell-through that everybody feels good about even in the tough environment. American Living, which as you all know we started shipping in February this year. So we have gone though a spring. Summer at this point and we have begun to deliver fall and back-to-school. I think we had some very strong business then we had some others that that we have learned from. And are now next week showing spring next year to J.C. Penny and I think that will incorporate a lot of our learning's. One of the recent merchandise categories we delivered to Penny's which is young men's and it was a new initiative has actually done rather well in what is traditionally a strong part of their business back-to-school. So really across the board, I think we planned for and executed and gotten the expected results in a difficult environment.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Congrats, again. Thanks.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Liz.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Drbul with Lehman Brothers.
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Bob.
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Just some questions around the U.S. retail business. I guess when you think about, you said you saw some encouraging results the last few weeks and how are you planning for tourism? How much has tourism really helped your business? Can you, maybe quantify that, how strong was New York, versus the rest of the U.S.? And just how are you planning your comps exactly here in the domestic business for the remainder of the year?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay Bob, well overall as we said at the beginning of the year, we are sticking with a plan in retail that's about 3% comp. So that's about half the run-rate that we have experienced over the last five or six years when we performed pretty consistently in a five, six, seven comp. So we're planning or buying for, we are expensing for a comp rate of about three. As you can see the first quarter was in line or slightly better than that, so far so good. Within that there are definite pockets of the strength and weakness. I am sure you realized the Midwest, Detroit is not particularly strong market right now. There are for sure issues in Florida or California. But there also great strengths, New York for sure is being benefited by tourism. I think it started around the holiday shopping season. It's continued through the spring and the summer. We've seen strong business in all of our channels of distribution in New York whether it's Bloomingdales or Bergdorf's, or Saks Fifth Avenue or our own stores. So we are getting a benefit of that. One little statistic that might interest you, at Christmas time the foreign credit cards sales in the New York were up 45%. So that does give you some sense of the weak dollar and the strong international currencies and the impact it's having. While we did not plan the business that way in the holiday, I think our merchandise allocation by door is now anticipating or the balance of the year. There will be great strength in certain stores and markets and in some other places, some weaknesses. So I think we have a chance to pre-plan the flow of product, a little better and respond to that and that's what we are doing.
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robby Ohmes with Merrill Lynch.
Robby Ohmes - Merrill Lynch: Oh, thanks. Excuse me. I think my one question here actually for Tracey. Tracey, can you just remind us with your earnings guidance, why we should be looking for flat to down earnings for fiscal back half of this year may be tie into that the sourcing costs outlook. Thanks.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: I think that was two questions Robby, but that's okay. I think certainly as we talked about, we are very cautious as it relates to the sort fourth remaining three quarters. Then as we look at the environment, we did have a strong first quarter. We talked about Naigai and the impact of that which is dilutive. We did have some expenses Robby that we are planned for the first quarter that will be probably happening later in the year. So that will impact us a little bit in the later quarters. But I think primarily it is... we are conservative in terms of looking at the remainder of the year and very cautious. That is the best explanation that I can give you at this time, as well as the Naigai impact for us. And it relates to sourcing. I mean all of our expectations on sourcing have been baked into our forecast. So we have a tremendous sourcing team. We have done all of our negotiations as it relates to the sourcing in the process now. Obviously, we've placed our price for spring. All of our negotiations have been planned. And have incorporated all of the costing impacts related to all of the... everything going as it relates to China and all the negotiations that our sourcing team has done with the factories over there. So I mean they have done a tremendous job of negotiating the best cost possible, but we are constantly revaluating and negotiating and getting the best price that we possibly can obviously for all of our goods and Roger, don't you want to add anything to it --
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I would only say to what Tracey is saying, that cost stability is really made up of variety of things that includes, raw materials, that includes the manufacturing, and it certainly includes the, what I call transportation. So, each one of those pieces has different variables to manage. And at this point, we are locked in with our costing through the balance of this year. We feel very strongly about what our team has been able to do on all three of those. And so at least from a margin point of view with the inventory position we have and we continue to mange to the improved sell through and our pricing expectations we feel pretty good about the margin opportunity through the balance of the year. And I would only add Robby to the guidance questions, you probably start a long time you know it's rare for us to increase our guidance after first quarter. It is the smallest quarter of the year. So there is no doubt the bulk of the year is ahead of us with fall selling, holiday selling and spring. So we'll see what happens and I think when we update in November which is more traditionally our time for mid-year guidance changes, at this point the first quarter was so robust that even in spite of the diluted impact of Niagara [ph] we felt the need to move it up somewhat, but I think we want to see fall sells and want to see the holiday begins to unfold and then we'll update more completely in November.
Robby Ohmes - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Hey.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll take our next question from Brad Stephens with Morgan Keegan.
Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan: Hey guys, good morning. Roger can you drill that on Europe a little bit more for us. I guess I looked at your K the last couple of years. In 2007 it's probably a 2350 wholesale door, last year you had 2075. So the number of doors going down but your European sales keep going to the roof. So could you give some more color that?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, that a very good question and very astute of you. Not this similar to the United States strategy several years ago. We are closing doors in Europe, that we think are no longer representative of the quality of the brand and the positioning we want to be in. Many of those specialty stores in smaller markets could not get the brand and representation we were looking for and were buying it in a limited way that we think under shot market opportunity. So we have been on our campaign to reduce the bottom tier of the distribution and increase the volume with those stores that we think can give the brand its full complement whether its men's, women's, whether it's luxury or whether it's at the other price points. So quite frankly, our business in Europe has done from a $180 million when we bought it back to over $1 billion and we have less points of distribution today than we have back then. Every one of those is a conscious decision to reduce those stores that we don't think our brand appropriate any more.
Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan: If I can just ask a quick follow up then, as you reduced stores, how do we think about growth going forward. Is it taking more into Europe that footwear more space in these doors?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well I think the announcement we made last quarter is that Lauren is going to Europe. It will be part of spring shipping commitments I think we have about a 100 major doors that we'll be opening Lauren in the back half of our fiscal year. We're very excited the retailers are very excited. Overtime other merchandise categories like footwear and other accessory categories for sure will be a source of great growth. I also believe model brand stores, standalone stores will be an important part of our growth strategy in Europe and the success we've had Moscow and the ongoing demand for our product in those emerging markets is enormous. So when you look at the Middle-East, you look at the Eastern Europe, European countries, you look at Russia. I think we're going to be seeing growth for many years to come beyond the traditional cities like London or Paris. So I think growth is going to come in many forms and that allows us to cut out the bottom tier of distribution.
Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan: All right thanks guys, good luck.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Glick with Buckingham Research.
DavidGlick - Buckingham Research: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, David.
DavidGlick - Buckingham Research: Roger, just a follow up on the wholesale business. Given the improved inventory situation at your retail partners in the U.S and the better sell through particularly in men's and kids it sounds like some early songs of life in women's. Are there opportunities for may be higher replenishment orders or reorders may be selling less to half price. As we head into the second half of the calendar year. And if you could give us the sense of the flavour of conversations, I'm sure you're talking to your retail partners about plans for spring '09 and given sort of a change in the dynamic. The performance of their business with you could we see a kind of a reversal of the trends that you saw in the first quarter in your domestic wholesale business?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay David, let me respond with... again you guys are on your game this morning because your questions are insightful. We are partnering very aggressively right now with our key retailers about replenishment. I think it's fair to say that when the initial orders for new product is approached more conservatively and the mandate goes out to manage inventories more carefully; one of the things that inadvertently gets hurt is replenishment. And I don't think there is a store in the world who wouldn't want to be in stock on replenishment items that really go out at high full price margins and really with reduced traffic you want to make sure you get the best service to the customer. So I think this spring there is a recognition of that one of the by products we're trying to manage inventory down has been a fall off in the commitment to replenishment. And I think many of our retail partners in concert with Jackie and her team are working very hard on reinvigorating efforts this fall and into next year to be more diligent about staying in stock on key items. There is no reason to walk a customer on a basic and I think that's been a casualty of the inventory management initiatives. So I do believe and I think you're right there is an opportunity throughout the fall into next year to see the replenishment business which is margin rich to begin to move up in terms of priorities and I think we'll help drive sales for both of us. I expect that to be an important part of the sales repair activities. In terms of the spring plans for next year, we are not only deep into the planning we've had many of the buys committed to and I think while our business has performed well margins have come up and I think there is a lot of excitement of what we're doing. I believe stores are going to continue to be conservative in their buying till they see their retail trends begin to move higher. I think the uncertainty and the inability to plan with clarity sales performances for next spring are going to have the retailers continue to operate in a conservative manner. Of course, we'll begin to lap that so on a comparable basis it won't be the same as it is now and through the next nine months.
DavidGlick - Buckingham Research: So it's fair to say you could see stabilization at least in your wholesale business ex-some of your growth initiatives like American Living and certainly the lift you're getting from Europe?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Could be.
DavidGlick - Buckingham Research: Great. Thanks a lot good luck.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, Roger what really impressive in the quarter obviously that big swing in margin expectations you are looking for that to be down. The 400 basis points and came in down only 40 basis points could you just walk us through and perhaps reconstruct where the big surprises were relative to your plan?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure, it's a good question. I would say that the biggest change relative to our plan and forecast was really the merchandise margins and because in this quarter which is April, May and June and the back part of the quarter June, really carries the burden for the cost of spring margin settlements and inventory clean ups. We really came through the spring in early summer in much better condition which allowed a 200 basis point improvement in margin which was not what we planned for. So certainly that was a major driver of the change versus the early guidance. I think while expenses were up, we also did a good job of managing expenses in the quarter. We are continuing to fund new projects, new initiatives but I think the company really like inventory, like our balance sheet took a hard line on expenses. And so we picked up somewhere to plan and I think that's the bulk of the delta.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, and just to make sure it sounds like it's more a function of an inventory management, you've been talking about rather than the currency benefits or sort of mix across geographies, is that fair?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: That's correct.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Hi good morning this is Stephanie Wissink for Jeff, congrats on a solid quarter.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Stephanie.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: I would just like to follow up on one question Roger that you made regarding Europe, could you just talk more about the productivity per door efforts that you have, maybe speaking to the retail price difference in Europe and Asia versus the U.S and then your comment about mono-brand doors, just curious if those would be directly operated or if you're considering franchise and license agreements. Thanks.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Well interestingly and on the productivity in Europe, whether it's our own doors which we obviously know exactly and you all know how productive we are in our stores in the U.S. The productivity of our stores in Europe is 50% greater, so whatever we're doing here in the United States which is about a $1000 a foot, we're doing $1,500 a foot in Europe, so when you get it right, because of the locations, the traffic patterns, the appetite for our product and our controlled distribution strategies, we are getting a 50% improvement in sell through. So when we take that to the wholesale world and we look at a Harry's [ph] and Selfridge in a city like London, we have almost tripled the business in Harry's in the last four years and that's a result of an intensive effort on our European team to re-merchandise it, trade it up, make it more luxury as well as rebuild and expanding our presentations in all categories, men's, women's and children's. So I think that what we're seeing is when we get it right, both presentation and assortments and service levels. All of the international markets including Japan, Asia and Europe have an ability to distort their performance with the product. The sell through are higher the full price sell through are higher the margins are better and there's last left there is less left over for clearance which keeps the brand elevated. So it's a good news story when executed properly and that's what we're trying to take out to the rest of the world. I think generally productivity in the United States is lower. So to get an increase you have to work harder. And we are trying to balance that on a worldwide basis. Okay Stephanie?
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Yes. Could you just speak a little bit a very quickly to the mono-brand that door comment, would those be directly or through franchise?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Sorry I forgot. Yes at the moment we have got both own stores and licensed stores certain territories like the Middle-East are licensed, the store we have in Moscow but the two stores and the third point of distribution are licensed. We look by market and we try to make a determination both from a brand point of view and an economic point of view. What is the right approach, we think over time there is tremendous opportunity to have a more complete network of mono-brand stores which would be indistinguishable to the customer whether it's owned licensed or joint-ventured. We would look to control the store design, we would look to control the location, merchandising presentations, how the products are presented and sold. So it should be indistinguishable from the customer. But we do think that's one of opportunities where we've done that well, when open Milan, we certainly think Paris will be like that, it's not only does a lot of business, it elevates the level of the brand in that market and the wholesale accounts get a halo effect as well. So it's really a multi-pronged strategy for Europe that has been time-tested and we're just going to continue to be aggressive while rolling it out.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Thank you, that's very clear. Good luck guys.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christine Chen from of Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Thank you. Congratulations on another good quarter in a very difficult environment.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Christine.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Wanted to follow up on, you mentioned that your guidance reflected the dilution from the acquisition in Japan. Can you help us think about how we should be modelling it out in the quarters? Or is it evenly spread out, is it more concentrated in one particular quarter in the back half of the year? Thank you.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: You can think if it is evenly spread out.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And we will now take our final question from Kate McShane with Citigroup.
Kate McShane - Citigroup: Hi, thank you very much. Most of my questions have been answered. I was under the impression with the SG&A guidance you gave last quarter, that a lot of cost is coming from your real estate projects. Did anything change with your expectations for these projects during the quarter and are some of those costs coming later in the year?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: No, the projects that we articulated earlier continued to track as planned, but we did have expense savings in other parts of the base... of our expense base. So those projects continue unchanged, they stay on track but we did have some other expense opportunities thus we are trying that manage carefully and in what is an uncertain time.
Kate McShane - Citigroup: Thank you.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, with that I'll thank you all for participating. We look forward to updating you in November with a more complete thought on fiscal '09, but obviously we're off to a good start and I congratulate everybody at Polo for their hard work in this environment. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-05-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - IR Roger N. Farah - President and COO Tracey T. Travis - CFO
Analysts: Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners David Glick - Buckingham Research Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan. Jeffery Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. All lines will be in a listen-only function during the presentation today. At the end of the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Mr. Hurley, please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley - Investor Relations: Thanks Elanda. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2008 conference call. The agenda for the call today includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer who will give you an overview of the year and comment on broader strategic initiatives. And then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer will provide operational and financial highlights from the fourth quarter and the full year in addition to reviewing our expectations for fiscal 2009. After that we will open the call up to your questions. As you know, we will be making some forward-looking comments today including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I would like to turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. We are pleased to be reporting today strong financial results. We exceeded our expectations for fiscal 2008 even as severe macroeconomic challenges emerged in the back half of the year and we continued to make significant investments in long-term initiatives. During the year, we integrated newly acquired businesses, new territories and created an entirely new lifestyle brand. We ended fiscal 2008 in strong financial condition with an excellent balance sheet, characterized by a sizeable cash position, very little debt and well managed inventories. I believe our fourth quarter and full year results demonstrate the high level of operational control we have over our businesses. The results are also a testament to the relevance and vitality of the Polo Ralph Lauren brand and the hard work of all of our employees, who I would like to personally thank for their efforts. Highlights of the fourth quarter performance include 20% revenue growth, approximately 9% comps that are directly operated retail stores and diluted EPS growth of 47%. For the year, we delivered 14% sales growth with solid retail comps of 6% and our diluted EPS increased 7% to $3.99, which include the negative short-term impact of our recent acquisitions. As we highlighted to you when we provided our original guidance for the year, our earnings growth was weighted to the back half as many of our new product initiatives came on line and we cycled through the impact of purchase accounting. Internationally, our wholesale and retail businesses were strong across all regions of Europe and most parts of Asia. And as we communicated last quarter, business trends softened in the U.S. and Japan in the back half of the year. Fiscal 2008 was a year of milestones for each of our core long-term growth strategies, all of which we will continue to invest in during fiscal 2009. As a reminder, our three core strategy include new merchandise and product development, expanding our direct to consumers and growing our international presence. Our success is largely dependent on the strength of our product. And we made significant strides in merchandise development during fiscal 2008, including expanding our highly successful black label collections for both men and women, introducing our revitalized Lauren and Ralph Lauren collection footwear to selected U.S. wholesale accounts, creating a new dress division to support our Lauren American Living and Chaps brand, assuming direct control of our small leather goods products and we also successfully integrated our denim product offerings into a variety of our brands from a standalone business, allowing us to elevate the product and improve profitability. Our biggest news on the merchandise front was the launch of American Living at JC Penney. American Living is the first brand developed by Global Brand Concepts group and represents a major evolution of our channel diversification strategy. In February 2008, we successfully delivered and installed all of the fixtures and merchandise to support the 575 door launch that included more than 40 product categories such as men's women's, children's, home and accessory products. As you know, the launch was supported by an extensive print and television media advertising campaign that we created to communicate the full lifestyle positioning of American Living. We will continue to introduce new product categories over the next year including young men's, infant, layette, toddlers and men's and women's outwear, sleepwear, socks and slippers for fall 2008. You have heard me speak about how proud we are of American Living. I think it's worth repeating why. First, we have demonstrated our unique ability to offer a comprehensive lifestyle assortment across many product categories for an entirely new brand that includes everything from the original idea to the timely delivery of finished products, all of which is complemented by a cohesive visual presentation, branding and marketing strategy. It is an impressive package to be able to offer a retail partner, one that leverages the multiyear investment we have made in assuming direct control over various product categories. Second, creating an offering like this helps to diversify our business by reaching consumers in entirely new channels of distribution. Finally, the strategy behind our Global Brand Concepts group is to leverage our work on a global scale, which is consistent with our long-term goals to diversify our geographic revenue mix. Of course, the opportunity to introduce American Living outside the U.S. remains untapped at this point. As we looked forward to future new merchandise development plans, evolving our global presence in luxury accessories remains a strategic priority. During fiscal 2009, we'll be building out our in-house product development, design and supply chain capabilities for handbag, which follow the expiration of our domestic handbag license at the end of calendar 2007 and the completion of the buy back of our license for men's and women's belts and small leather goods at the beginning of fiscal 2008. We are also preparing for the launch of Ralph Lauren watches with our partner Richemont, which is expected to occur in the spring of 2009. Of course, we expect to introduce exciting new eyewear collections for men and women with Luxottica, our global licensing partner as we build on the success of our initial product launches from last year. As you know, we are very excited about the worldwide long-term growth opportunities we envision from our brands in the accessory area which still remain under developed for us. The second of our three long-term growth drivers is the expanding our direct-to- consumer reach. In addition to our products, our retail stores are a critical part of our brand expression and we continue to grow our retail presence in the world's premier shopping districts. We opened 21 net new stores during fiscal 2008 and have plans to significantly evolve our directly operated store network over the next few years. We are currently working on several high profile store projects in New York City, Los Angeles and Paris that will undoubtedly reset the bar for the in-store luxury shopping experience and bolster our lifestyle branding message. Apart from opening new stores, we continue to drive higher productivity on our existing stores. The sustained strength of our retail comp is the best evidence of this and comes as a result of great product, sharp assortment planning, exciting visual presentations and exceptional customer service, all of which helps inspire customer loyalty. We also continue to evolve RalphLauren.com into what is the premier online destination for our customers to experience the world of Ralph Lauren. Revenues at RalphLauren.com grew 26% during fiscal 2008 and were up an impressive 36% in the fourth quarter of the year. In addition to offering the most comprehensive array of Ralph Lauren products, RalphLauren.com hosts proprietary editorial content that has been an effective way for us to deepen our engagement with our customers. Key RalphLauren.com highlights during fiscal 2008 include the launch of the video style guides, the introduction of men's black label apparel and the opening of a dedicated customer service and fulfillment center in High Point, North Carolina, which went fully operational in April. This new customer service and fulfillment center is expected to service our growing e-commerce operations for the next several years. Rugby also launched an information-only website during the year and we look forward to introducing e-commerce for Rugby during fiscal 2009 back to school. The last of our core strategic growth drivers is the international development. As you know, one of our long-term goals is to further diversify our geographic revenue mix. Today the United States represents approximately 65% of our branded sales with Europe accounting for 17% and Asia and the rest of the world representing the remaining 18%. Ultimately, we'd like to have the United States, Europe and Asia each representing approximately one-third of our revenues. Today, our Asia business is divided into two parts: one that is directly operated by us in Japan and another that is licensed, which is essentially the rest of Asia outside of Japan. Asia ex Japan is segmented into three regions for us: Korea, Southeast Asia and Oceania, each of which is managed by a separate licensing partner. All of our licensing partners in this region reported double-digit growth in branded sales during fiscal 2008. Much of the success we have achieved with our Asian license partners is a function of the close working relationship and our ability of have more input into the building of merchandise assortments and visual merchandising presentations. We are encouraged by Asia's compelling long-term growth prospects for us, especially as we continue to develop our luxury accessory products. Regarding Japan, as you know, we assumed direct control of our brand there at the beginning of fiscal 2008 when we acquired Impact 21, our largest Japanese product licensee and the remaining 50% interest in our Japanese master licensee. Regarding our Japanese product licenses that expired at the end of February, we are still reviewing strategic alternatives and will update you once our decisions have been finalized. We've already made great strides with the integration of our newly acquired Japanese business. On the management front, we have announced the appointment of a local President for the region and we recently hired key finance, human resource and supply chain leaders. Our transition team that's been on the ground since January has made significant progress across many dimensions. In March, we began operating out of one distribution center compared to the prior three locations, which has resulted in lower cost and greater efficiency. With respect to the merchandising and planning process, we are actively testing product that is more reflective of how we intend to position the brand over the long term, and we have already received positive customer feedback on what we have done with our targeted doors. We are clearly in the early innings in Japan as the work we intend to do there is a multiyear effort. I am confident the Japanese consumer will respond favorably to our efforts to bring the Ralph Lauren brand more in line with the luxury status we enjoy in the rest of the world. Our goal is to see the Japanese business flourish in the same way our European business has since we took direct control of it several years ago. Speaking of Europe, the momentum in our business there has been spectacular and we are excited about our future prospects in this region of the world. During fiscal 2008, our growth in Europe was broad based throughout the region and was driven by contributions from all of our product categories. We have grown European sales to almost $1 billion to date from about $200 million when we assumed direct control of the region several years ago. We achieved this growth by focusing our efforts in three key areas: first, by elevating the product and its presentation by investing in wholesale shop in shops and our own retail stores; second, by investing in brand advertising and public relations activities and third, by building out the appropriate organizational structure and supply chain to support long-term growth. As I mentioned earlier, we plan to double European... the European penetration of our overall sales mix over the long term. Our two new Paris stores are expected to significantly increase our profile in that important European market. And building on the success of our Moscow stores, we plan to open a store in Istanbul, Turkey, an emerging Eastern European luxury market through a licensed partner in fall of 2008. We are also in the final discussions with selected European wholesale accounts for the introduction of our Lauren brand at the European market during spring 2009, the first time Lauren merchandise were made available in Europe. We are also excited about the international exposure our brand is expected to receive as the official outfitter of the U.S. Olympics and Paralympic teams for the upcoming Beijing Summer Olympic Games as an estimated 4 billion people are expected to watch the August 8th opening ceremony. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, our financial position remains strong. We ended the year with a considerable cash balance, very little debt and very well controlled inventory. Our cash flow remains robust, allowing us to continue to invest in our core strategic initiatives during fiscal 2009. And of course, there will be heightened focus on discretionary spending in the face of the uncertain consumer environment. We have consistently demonstrated our discipline to deliver on our investments and our track record is strong. Over the past five years, we have invested approximately $1.9 billion back into the company to support our acquisitions, retail expansions, wholesale shop in shops and to upgrade our infrastructure. Over the same period of time, we have grown both our revenues and earnings at a double-digit compounded annual rate. We further underscored our commitment to shareholders by repurchasing 476 million of Class A common stock during fiscal 2008. There is no question that in the United States, the back half of fiscal 2008 was an exceedingly difficult period for the retail industry. Sitting here today, I don't believe it would be reasonable to expect things to be materially better in the near term. There is still talk about a consumer-led U.S. recession and we believe the potential negative impact this could have on global growth prospects is very real. So as we enter our new fiscal year, amidst a lot of uncertainty, much of which we cannot control. But with that said, I am confident of the relevance of our strategy and of our brand portfolio, the dedication of our talented team and the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to deliver sustained, strong profitable growth over the long term. So with that, let me turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operating highlights of the fourth quarter as well as outlook for fiscal '09.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. First, I would like to highlight for you the drivers of our fourth quarter net income and earnings per share performance. Then I will take you through our guidance for fiscal 2009. For the fourth quarter, we achieved consolidated net revenues of $1.24 billion, an increase of 20% over the prior year's period. Higher sales were achieved through a combination of organic growth and acquisition. When we exclude the impact of the non-comp license acquisitions we have been discussing all year, and to remind you those are Impact 21 in Japan and new campaigning for small leather goods, our fourth quarter net revenue still increased by 14%. We experienced strong sales across all distribution channels in Europe. In the U.S., deliveries for the launch of American Living at JC Penney also contributed to our revenue growth and consolidated comps in our directly operated retail stores were up 8.9% during the quarter, which was achieved on top of a 6.3% comp gain in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. Our gross profit dollars increased 21% to $674 million and our gross profit rate increased 20 basis points to 54.3% in the fourth quarter compared to 54.1% during the same period last year. Excluding the full effect of the recent acquisition, our gross profit rate was 50 basis points below last year as increased promotional activity in certain of our domestic businesses occurred to achieve clean inventories at the end of the season. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased 21% to $530 million compared to $438 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. Operating expenses as a percent of revenues were 42.7%, 20 basis points higher than last year. The higher operating expenses primarily reflect the impact of the newly acquired businesses, both the non-cash effect of the purchase accounting as well as their operating expenses, higher stock-based compensation costs and higher expenses commensurate with the overall growth in our core businesses. Operating income for the fourth quarter increased 20% to $144 million including approximately $8 million in non-cash amortization related to the purchase accounting for the recent acquisition. Our operating margin for the quarter was 11.6% flat to prior year. Excluding the effect of purchase accounting related to the recent acquisition, our operating margin would have expanded 100 basis points during the fourth quarter to 12.6%. Net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 increased 41% to $104 million and net income per diluted share increased 47% to $1. The increase in our net income and diluted EPS results principally relates to growth in operating income as well as an effective tax rate of 28% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 compared to a 39% rate in the comparable period last year. The lower effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was primarily due to the resolution of discrete tax items that were partially offset by higher tax expense associated with the adoption of FIN 48 earlier this year as well as a greater portion of earnings generated in lower tax foreign jurisdictions as compared with the U.S. And now I would like to spend a few minutes providing more insight into our segment highlights for the quarter. Regarding our wholesale segment, sales grew 25% to $786 million or 13% excluding the Japan and small leather goods acquisitions. In the U.S., the increase in wholesale revenues was primarily driven by American Living as well as growth in Chaps women's wear and our expanded footwear assortment. U.S. shipments of men's sportswear and Lauren products were down in the quarter, reflecting the impact of both slowing traffic to U.S. department stores as well as a more conservative U.S. consumer. European sales continued to show growth across all product categories and most regions with particular strength in Italy and the UK. Our wholesale operating margin increased 28% to $178 million and our reported wholesale operating margin was 22.6%, 50 basis points higher than the prior year's operating margin. Excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, the wholesale operating margin would have expanded 130 basis points to 23.4%. For our retail group, fourth quarter sales increased 16% to $400 million and overall comp store sales increased 8.9%, reflecting an increase of 5.6% at Ralph Lauren stores, 10% at factory stores and 12.5% at Club Monaco stores. RalphLauren.com sales were up 36% over the comparable period. Our comp growth in the U.S. during the fourth quarter was heavily impacted by promotional activity during January and February as we were clearing fall holiday merchandise to end the season with clean inventories for the start of the spring selling season. We opened five new stores during the quarter, including a children's store at the Short Hills Mall in New Jersey and a new Los Vegas location at the Palazzo Resort. The operating loss for our retail segment was $6 million in the fourth quarter, which compares to an operating loss of $2 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. The decline in retail operating income reflects increased occupancy costs related to future store openings and the cost of our new RalphLauren.com fulfillment center as well as the increased promotional activity I mentioned before. Licensing royalties for the quarter were $55 million, 2% below the prior year period and operating income decreased 26% to $27 million. The decline in licensing revenue and operating income was primarily due to the Japan acquisitions. Excluding the effect of those acquisitions, licensing revenue increased 18% and operating income grew 16% as a result of higher international licensing revenues as well as new product licenses for American Living and Chaps. As Roger mentioned, we ended the year in excellent financial condition and with a very strong balance sheet. We had $626 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at the end of the fourth quarter compared to 564 million at the end of fiscal 2007. On a reported basis, we ended the fourth quarter with inventory down 2% from the same period in the prior year. The year-over-year decline in inventory compares to our 20% sales growth in the quarter and includes the inventory associated with our Japanese and small leather goods acquisitions. Excluding the inventory associated with those acquisitions which occurred after the end of our fiscal year last year, our inventory balance this year would be down 11% year-over-year. We were proactive about clearing through inventories in a controlled manner during the fourth quarter, which allowed us to enter the spring selling season in both the U.S. and Europe with fresh merchandize in our stores. In Japan, we continue to work through the excess inventory we assumed through our acquisition of Impact 21. With respect to other balance sheet items, we achieved a return on equity of 18% for fiscal 2008 and our return on investment was a healthy 28%. We spent approximately $217 million on capital expenditures during fiscal 2008 just before new retail stores, wholesale shop installations and other infrastructure investments including the build out of our new fulfillment center for RalphLauren.com. We repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares of Class A common stock in the fourth quarter totaling $156 million. For the full year of fiscal 2008, we repurchased approximately 6.1 million total shares of Class A common stock for approximately $476 million. We currently have approximately 392 million available under our share repurchase program and this includes a new $250 million authorization recently approved by our Board of Directors. As Roger highlighted earlier, we made meaningful progress on many of our long-term strategic initiatives in fiscal 2008. What started for us primarily as an investment year with the acquisitions and the preparation for the launch of American Living and dresses at the end of year, very quickly became a year of doing those things, but also navigating through increasingly turbulent times, controlling inventories and managing discretionary expenditures. We are proud of the accomplishments of our global teams have made this year responding to a rapidly changing environment and I believe our fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 results are a testimony to their hard work. As we enter fiscal 2009, the domestic retail environment remains challenging for us and others. Uncertain times are likely to persist as expectations for consumer spending and economic growth in the U.S. and major international markets have moderated considerably. Most of our customers have telegraphed a very cautious view of their businesses this year. In the first part of fiscal 2009, we will be managing through a pullback in wholesale orders. This pullback compares to very strong orders for us for the early part of fiscal 2008. Leaner retail inventories are expected to emerge in the back half of fiscal 2009, something we believe could support a healthier sales margin especially compared to the high inventory levels and resulting promotions that occurred in the second half of fiscal 2008. What current customer demand and the lack of clarity regarding the length of this current economic cycle in the U.S. continues to make us very cautious on near-term business trends. Even with this economic uncertainty, we remain committed to investing in our long-term strategic initiative, which we believe position us well for future growth. Roger has already mentioned some of the initiatives we had this year, including our Paris redevelopment strategy and our joint venture with Richemont. While we will be incurring expenses associated with these initiatives throughout fiscal 2009, we do not expect to recognize revenues associated with them until the back half of the year and for some, not until fiscal 2010. Of course, we will continue to invest in our organizational structure in Japan as we believe that market offers a compelling growth opportunity for us. As you are well aware, the Japanese apparel market has been soft over the last few years. Although we are seeing encouraging signs with our targeted remerchandising initiatives, we still expect the overall market to remain relatively soft as we proceed with our repositioning efforts. With that as a backdrop, I would like to address our sales and earnings outlook for fiscal 2009. As we mentioned in our press release, we are affirming the annual diluted EPS guidance we provided to you in February and are offering some specific guidance for the first quarter of the year for the first time today. For the first quarter, we expect consolidated revenues to grow at a low to mid single-digit rate and our operating margin is expected to be down 300 to 400 basis points. For the full year, fiscal 2009, we continue to expect low to mid single-digit consolidated revenue growth and diluted earnings per share in the range of $3.95 to $4.05. And with that, I will conclude the company's remarks and we will open the call up for Q&A. Operator, could you assist us with that? Question And Answer
Operator: Certainly. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Omar Saad with Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning, congratulation on a great quarter and obviously with the very difficult environment.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Two quick questions. Roger, last quarter you talked about an environment here in the U.S. that you had never really seen before. Has there been any changes in your view in the last 90 days on that and are you seeing anything that is making you either more comfortable or less comfortable about what we are seeing here?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I would say that when we talked last in the early part of February, we really had a chance to reflect on the fall and Christmas holiday business, which I did characterize and I continue to believe was the most difficult I had ever seen. I think the liquidation of that excess inventory through January and February for many people did not even provide a sales increase and the customer was really very selective about buying products, and that continued as you all saw with March comps. I think April and May has seen a bit of a stabilizing of the business as we have headed into the late spring early summer. I think while the customer is continuing to be selective and if you have the right fashion they want it, otherwise, they are looking for price. But I think the last 60 days, perhaps more than last 90 days, Omar, has seen a bit of a moderation in the trends. So it gives us some sense that the fall holiday business may have been the low point.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And just switching gears a little bit, I just want to ask you a question on China. I know you are very focused on Japan as you think about the Asian business and the opportunity there to grow it to one day kind of equate to potentially the size of the U.S. business. Where do you stand on the China license? It seems like there is a lot of European luxury brands going, there is a lot of nice retail opportunities. It's obviously generally a different marketplace with the department store format being different, a lot of mono brand retail. But given the growth there and the slowness that we are seeing in the U.S. market, what are your thoughts there? Can you give us kind of an update on that?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we think the opportunities in China are enormous and I can't underscore enough how important that market will be into the future not only in China, but as the Chinese begin to travel we can see the impact of that travel throughout Asia, whether it's travel into obviously Hong Kong that then spills over into places like Vietnam or Australia or other destinations. The Chinese business is going to be a dominant force in the world for luxury goods for years to come in my opinion. We had a license relationship with Dickson Poon that's based in Hong Kong. They have the rights to Hong Kong, China, Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia and others. That license has a relatively short term to go and I think we have to look at that marketplace and decide how we want to proceed to take advantage of the opportunity that you are correctly calling out.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Perfect. Thanks.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, you are welcome.
Operator: We will take our next question from Robert Drbul with Lehman Brothers.
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning.
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: I guess the first question I have Roger, can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on the business in Europe, maybe the run rate of the business throughout the quarter and thus far in the first quarter in terms of are you seeing any bit of a slowdown from when the fourth quarter started to where you are thus far in the first quarter by categories or by country?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: I am sorry, Robert, we are talking about Europe or in general?
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: In Europe specifically.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: In Europe?
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: The business in Europe has continued very strong. I think the western European markets, which for us are very much a focus, whether that's England or France or Italy, Germany, Spain et cetera have all shown good growth and continue to perform well from fourth quarter into first quarter. I would say the only real exception to that at the moment is probably Spain where you are probably familiar they are going through some pullbacks in the construction industry, which are a big part of their growth story in the prior couple of years. And I think that's put some pressure on the consumer there and so we are seeing some slower trends in Spain versus prior quarters or years. The rest of the markets there have continued very strong, whether it's our own retail stores or whether it's our key specialty customers or key shop in shop locations. So we are planning that business for the balance of fiscal '09 to be very strong and at this point haven't seen any signs of a slowdown. And they also are getting some interesting tourist business not only from the Asian customers, but some of the Middle East and emerging Eastern European countries, whether it's Russians or others, which today are prevalent in many of the major markets looking for luxury product. So as we push out in Moscow, or we push out in Istanbul and further establish ourselves as a luxury retailer in those markets, I think it's going to help even the more developed Western countries. So at this point, whether it's men's or woman's or kids, we are seeing strength continue through the European business.
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Great. And then the second question I have is on American Living. Can you talk about maybe some of the early learnings that you guys have come across in terms of how you are thinking about any adjustments into the back half of 2008? And I guess the other question I have is when you think about start-up costs from last year versus the benefits of operating the business on a full year basis this year, like how should we think about that from a profitability perspective?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, well, last year as you know we had 12 quarter... 12 months of expense and we had 4 months of shipping. So the impact over the course of the year was to carry the expense more or less on an even basis over the 12 months and then, as you know we started shipping in December and shipped steadily through January, February and March. As we head into the new year, expenses and shipments obviously are in alignment, although I am not sure that the December, January, February, March shipments will equal last year as we were obviously filling all the stores with all the products at the same time. So there is some offset in the back four months of the year when you want to think about how that will run through the P&L. Some of the early learnings, I would start with, is a very simple statement, which is we can do it. I am not sure when we started February a year ago that we were absolutely certain we could execute 40 merchandise categories in a new resource base, a new supply chain strategy and launch a new brand as well as we did, so my hats off to our people and to the JC Penney people who pulled that off. Early customer reaction has been very positive particularly in products that are fashion [ph] or novel or are different than what Penney's has. I think where it's more basics or more solids I think in the Penney's customer, which is obviously squeezed with the economic downturn, I think that's where price becomes more of an issue in their decision making process. So as we look to the balance of this year, recognizing that we had already made products for the entire year, that the first time we'll have a chance to adjust the new product really more completely is spring when we got customer feedback, this spring we'll really be able to put that into spring next year. But we are seeing unusual strength in things like dresses and kids and key parts of the business that the customer has reacted well to, particularly as we went through the pre-Easter and Easter period, I think JC Penney is known for their back to school business and their dominance in that category, so the kid business strength should serve us well there plus the launch of our new young men's business which is being delivered for this back to school. So I think the first three months have been interesting time of learning, and I think all brands that are this complete will take time for each of the merchandise categories to mature, but so far so good.
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: All right.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Liz Dunn with Thomas Weisel.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi good morning, let add my congratulations.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Liz.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: I guess looking at magnitude of the fourth quarter, be it in understanding some of that was obviously related to tax rate, but can you just help us get a sense of where you were you saw most out performance versus your own internal plan? Was any part of it sort of an earlier shipping of American Living orders versus your expectation? And then looking out of the first quarter, can you walk us through the factors that will result in margins being down sort of more significantly than your full year outlook?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, sure, let's talk about the fourth quarter, the beat, clearly, we are a stronger continuing trend at our international businesses particularly in Europe. We obviously plan for a strong business but they out performed even the strong plan. We certainly did not plan for a comp performance of 8.9 in our own retail stores. That clearly exceeded our own internal planning forecasts as we talked in February with the trends coming out of October, November, December, I don't think we would have a right to believe we would have hit the 8.9. I think the performance of the key Asian markets, whether it's the license markets that we talked about or even the early reads in Japan out performed our expectations. So I would put all of those under the headline of beats. Clearly, a 36% increase in Polo or RalphLauren.com was not originally baked in our plan and exceeded our run rate for the year. So we saw some strength in interesting ways from a lot of the new businesses and the diversification we have been working on over the last couple of years. We did not ship American Living early. The only thing there we did, was when we originally laid out January, February, and March receipts, as you know since some of it was ready and since Penny wanted it, we moved some of that into December. So we clearly didn't ship any of that early. So the tax rate aside, the 20% operating earnings improvements I think were driven by those factors. If I look at the first quarter and the original... the preliminary guidance we've given, I think it's with a view of a more conservative retail performance. I think we believe that our plans for the year, which we planned retail closer to 3% comp for the year off of the run rates we have had in the last five or six years which have been five, six or seven is the prudent thing to do given the environment. We think that the domestic wholesale businesses, the major categories including men's, Lauren and kids are heading into a very cautious buying cycle by our retail partners. I think they came out of a difficult holiday season with a lot more fall holiday than they wanted. And I think as they came into the buying markets in January, February and March, I think they decided to take a very cautious stance on fall products, and I think that's reflected in the May, June, July, August shipping cycles. And I think we'll see that begin to moderate as we get into the back half of the year. And I think that some of the start-up expenses of the businesses that we have now lapped, which didn't exist last year are part of the projected higher expenses in the quarter. With all that said, we still, with some ups and downs by quarters, feel good about the annual guidance, which we have affirmed, both the revenue and the EPS, and there is a lot of room in the year left. So I think we'll update again in August and we'll continue to monitor more carefully probably than we ever have in terms of where the business is going by category, by channel of distribution or by geography.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: A lot of room in the year meaning a lot of conservatism in your guidance. Is that how I can --?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think there is a lot of time left in the year.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay I see alright
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Our fiscal year list.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, got it, thanks good luck. C:Roger N. Farah: So aggressive this morning, Liz. Thank you.
Operator: We will hear next from David Glick with Buckingham Research.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just a little bit of color on footwear. It sounds like you are being... you're a little more optimistic and it sounds like there is more energy in your voice talking about the footwear business. Can you give us some color on the traction you are getting and the opportunities in that business going forward?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, and I appreciate you noticing that. We are feeling better about the footwear business. We started shipping new product in the November, December period to selected accounts which has then been increased in distribution with the spring shipments in January and February. We're seeing very high sell throughs, very strong desires for re-orders, and that's been manifesting itself in go forward orders that are more aggressive and more broadly distributed. So as you know, we had to sort of pull that business down, get rid of the off price part of that business and then begin to rebuild it. And the good news is we are now beginning to see products at retail being positively received both at the Ralph Lauren collection level, which is a more limited distribution product or the Lauren footwear level product, which is more broadly distributed. The other good news is, David, as we talked early on the call about the distribution of Lauren in Europe, overt time we will obviously be able to add the other pieces and parts of the Lauren sportswear business to further support that brand in a new part of the world. So we are feeling optimistic about footwear, it is one of the strong trending categories in the industry right now in the women's side particularly and we think we are beginning to play in a meaningful way there.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Well. Thanks for the color and just a quick follow up on the Lauren women's business, I mean clearly the women's business has been more challenging, you discussed that on prior calls, any sings of improvement there, may be closing the gap between the performance of men's and women's?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Well, the men's business continues very strong which is interesting its been a while since the men's business outperform the growth and women's. I think the Lauren business when we deliver, deliver the product with color... we actually are getting a more significant read and positive trends, but I think that business has sort of stabilized, and Spring salvers [ph] have been better than fall holiday and I think as we head in to the fall season, we feel better about the product, although the retailer has bought it more cautiously, given the overall environment and particularly the women's business, so its too early to say that's its time for sure, but the more casual aspect, to more active aspects, the denim aspects of that business of all experiencing strong results. The career sight of that business is the peace that goes softer.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Thanks a lot and good luck.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, thanks David.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Stephens with Morgan Keegan.
Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan.: Hey good morning, congratulations on a very impressive quarter.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Brad.
Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan.: Couple of questions. Can you give us an idea of how much of currency impacted your comps this quarter and then to that, not seeing a back in our charges that retail profitability was roughly flat on the comp and your planning for 3% comps next year, how should we think about profitability in the retail segment?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: I will try the retail comps and then Tracy will give you the currency issues. We run strong retail comps throughout the last really 7 to 8 years, and I think it is prudent to plan over 3%. Some of the charges in retail that heard us you know about, I think it also fair to say that we were clearing our goods in January and February probably more than we would have wanted to in a perfect world and I think it impacted some of the gross margin in retails. So while we plan the retail performance from a comp point of view more conservatively, we are planning for some margin recovery in that business and would expect retail over the course of the year to show some improvement in their results. So we will see how that goes but with the inventories being so in line and our buying being in line with the 3% comp, we should be okay. Tracey?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Brad, and you asked in terms of the fourth quarter, the foreign currency impact on comps was about 2%. So the 8.9% would have been 6.8% comp adjusting for foreign currency impact. And then the second part of your question, can you just repeat that?
Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan.: I think Roger got [ph] with the operating margin performance for next year.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Okay, terrific.
Brad Stephens - Morgan Keegan.: Alright. Thanks
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray.
Jeffery Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Yes, also congratulations on a great fourth quarter, wanted to jump in a little bit to Europe a little bit further, looking at the country trends you give us a little color on the strongest markets but anything else you could share on your sharpen sharp strategy by country, kind of door to door expansion strategy, how do we think about this in terms of modeling future growth as we try to double the percent of the total company's revenue and then secondly would be on the marketing strategy and market spend, do you look at this as like sort of three or four distinct strategies at U.S. or Europe and Asian strategy may be splitting Europe and Asia a little differently in terms of how much money you are investing, investing with your partners in marketing and what the overall marketing in terms of medium really is?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, well let me see if I can get all that out, the strategies in Europe that have driven the growth and we believe will continue to drive the growth, really include really a door concentration strategy less about new doors. So in the developed western markets that we are in. It's not that we're going to double the distribution points we have in the Spain or Italy or Germany or France or in England, it's about getting the volume per door up, we've gone from a ...93 source and a heritage [ph] to probably one of their top 2 or 3. We are seeing that kind of movement in every one of major large customers as well as growing importance in our specialty doors, as a matter of fact, we probably drop more points of distribution in the last couple of years than we have added in our effort to be very focused on who we would approach, having said that we have seen unusual growth in Italy, we have unusual growth in England, we have seen unusual growth in the Scandinavian markets, so there are plenty of places, where even with the growth we had today, we really think we are under penetrated in the luxury and high end product. Secondly for the first time we are beginning to bring brands that we have not had in Europe over the life long so if you know how important Lauren is here we are just beginning the distribution of that in Europe with spring of '09. So it will be a combination of focus on the existing doors plus some incremental in Western Europe certainly a growing interest in appetite in the Middle East and Eastern Europe as new markets up well open up and it is in the development of new product and new product categories. In terms of the marketing spend we really look at the U.S., Europe and Asia holistically in terms of branding, imaging and the advertising which is all done centrally here in the U.S. However, the spend rates by market and by country are individually developed and budgeted for base on where that market is and its development and the focus that we are trying to put on it. Initially, when we were trying to grow Europe of a smaller base, we were investment spending in the marketing at a rate higher than the sales would have justified. As sales have grown, we have been able to bring the spend rate in line, in addition to continuing to add incrementally and I think that's going to be the same in Japan. We will begin to incrementally invest there as we look to jump start a transformation of customer perception and then as the business grows, we will grow into that spend rate, so we do look at it individually by market.
Jeffery Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: So in total Roger do you look at your marketing or branding spend last year, this coming year over the next few years as fairly stable, in terms of a percent of your total corporate revenue or has that change fluctuated with all these new initiatives?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, we have actually continued to add to our marketing, advertising and PR spend every year for the last 7 or 8 years, in some cases in advance of getting the sales. And we have then turned around and gotten the payback because whether the advertising helps retail or wholesale or helps the license product category, it almost doesn't matter. We have been willing to spend in advance of the sales, even though with the sales growth we have had, I would say the percentages haven't varied that much.
Jeffery Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Christine Chen with Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you, I wanted to delve a little deeper I think on Liz's question. The 300 to 400 basis point of OM deterioration in Q1, is any of that attributed to continued investments in the newer businesses?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think that the three main issues that I outlined for Liz are the three main issues, which are clearly a more conservative point of view about consumer spending and a more conservative retail comp plan. Two, the large core domestic wholesale businesses seeing a pull back in the initial orders by our large customers, and I would say the annualizing of expenses that we put in over the year to support some of the new businesses that are now hitting the first quarter that didn't hit it last year in what is a low shipping quarter. So that would be certainly the third, but a piece of it as well.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: And then I think we'll see as the rest of the year plays out if it plays out as we have expected. That will not be a factor in our full year guidance we are comfortable with.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: And then as far as Japan is concerned for the year, do you still expect it to be accretive?
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Yes, we do.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: And then the final question, there is a new line item on your income statement impairment of retail assets. Could you just describe a little bit what that actually is?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: That's normal impairment. Every year we go through testing of stores, and so that's store impairment. So that's what that is.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. It's just the first time it's been broken out separately that I have seen, so thank you for clarifying. Good luck and congrats on a great quarter.
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, and I thank you all for your interest. We look forward to updating you in August with our first quarter, but really congratulations to the whole organization for a spectacular year in a very difficult environment. So we look forward to further updates. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all once again for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Hurley - IR Roger N. Farah - President, COO Tracey T. Travis - CFO, Sr. VP
Analysts: Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch David Glick - Buckingham Research Robert Ohmes - Banc of America Securities Jeff Edelman - UBS Christine Chen - Needham & Company
Operator: Good day everyone and thank you for calling the Ralph Lauren's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. All lines will be in a listen-only function during the presentation today. At the end of the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Hurley - Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren's third quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. The agenda for today's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives. And then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer will provide operational and financial highlights from the third quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for the remainder of the year and our preliminary view on fiscal 2009. After that, we will open up the call for your questions, which we'd like to limit to one question per caller. As you know, we will be making some forward-looking comments today including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I would turn the call over to Roger.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. We are pleased to be reporting strong financial results today. We met our expectations for the first nine months of fiscal 2008. Even as we continue to make significant investments in long-term initiatives, many of which are just being launched now in the final month of our fiscal year. In the third quarter, we delivered 11% sales growth with solid retail comps of 5.7% with both of those metrics tracking to their respective year-to-date trends. Internationally our wholesale and retail businesses continue to be strong across all regions of Europe, although we did these softening trends in the US and Japan. There is no question that the third quarter was a difficult period for our entire industry. The rough change in consumer sentiment and spending patterns that began last fall is almost unprecedented. The impact was felt across all channels in the US. While it is not immediately clear that the trends in the US will impact the consumer discretionary overseas, the talk of a consumer-led US recession is building, as is the speculation of how this might impact global growth prospects. As we sit here today, the US consumer remains very tentative. As a result, we along with our retail partners are being cautious with respect to sales planning, inventory planning, and receipt planning. And we intend to operate with this lens of prudence throughout the next year. Our current outlook, which Tracey will you walk through in more detail later, reflects the more conservative view on consumer discretionary spending across all of our channels and geographies. Even in the context of uncertainty, our strategies and focus remain intact, and we continue to execute against our stated objectives. Many of you already know what these initiatives are, but the breadth of scope should not be under-appreciated since it includes emerging retail concepts, new product initiatives like American Living, dresses and watches and acquisitions like Japan and small leather goods. I would like to give you an update on the progress of these initiatives. Regarding our direct-to-customer efforts, as you know, we operate... opened our customer service and fulfillment center, RalphLauren.com, in November. Today, our contact center operation has exceeded our expectations on every service level metric. We are currently taking 72% of the income in customer contact, which is ahead of our plan for this stage in the transition. We are on track to assume full ownership of customer contact by the end of the fiscal year. The fulfillment center transition remains on schedule and we expect to begin shipping out of the new facility in April with the first inventory receipts arriving in mid-February. Our investment in this dedicated facility for RalphLauren.com is an important milestone for the business, one that provides a robust platform to support future growth, both in terms of anticipated sales volumes and breadth of products that will be processed at the fulfillment center. Our direct-to-consumer initiatives include the evolution of our global retail store network. Our biggest project remains the opening of three Parrot [ph] locations over the next 15 months. Parrot is a major European market that has been under developed for us for some time, and we have been working on a real-estate strategy there for a number of years. What we are doing in Parrot is akin to what we have already successfully done in London and Milan. This involves an integrated retail and wholesale strategy where we anchor the market with a substantial directly operated retail presence that ultimately enables us to build a stronger wholesale business. Our store development, creative services, and public relation teams are working diligently to ensure the success of this major brand re-launched in this important luxury market. We continue to make strides with our integration of our newly acquired Japanese business. During the quarter, we allocated significant managerial resources to our transition effort. These resources were drawn from across our organization and we are excited about the interdisciplinary expertise we now have on the ground in Japan. Earlier this week, we announced the appointment of the new President of Impact 21, who will be leading both the strategic and day-to-day management of our Japanese business. As we've communicated before, Japan is an opportunity, where we hope to leverage our in-house design merchandising and supply chain expertise to have a positive impact on sales and profits, and what is one of the most important luxury markets and our second largest country in terms of brand sales at retail. Our integrated effort involves examining every aspect of the existing business model and taking the time to make the right strategic decisions for the long-term benefit of the brands. In reality, we are integrating organizations with different processes, objectives and cultures into one and this is very complicated. At the same time, we are actively reworking our sourcing and distribution strategies for Japan, streamlining the legacy processes and bringing them more in line with our existing global standards. We are also instituting best practices among our finance, information technology and assortment planning functions. I feel good about the roadmap we've laid out for ourselves in Japan, which we expect to evolve in a similar manner as our European business did, when we made the transition from being a licensed business to one that we directly run ourselves. At this stage in the process, we are also changing the merchandise strategy and inventory management process, which means we'll be liquidating excess Japanese inventory as quickly as possible to help facilitate our brand repositioning effort. Over the next three years, all of the major Japanese department stores have large-scale renovation plans. We hope to partner with our wholesale customers to more effectively position our brands within these stores. This activity will offer us the opportunity to more appropriately tier our product presentations on a door-by-door basis. In addition to our department store initiatives, we continue to explore specialty store distribution in Japan, the specialty since it has been one of the more dramatic channels of growth over the last several years. With respect to the remaining product licenses in Japan, they are set to expire at the end of this month, and we'll update you on their status on the next earnings call. Product-wise, we have begun to ship dresses across Lauren Chaps, an American living brand. Response to the product has been positive, and the launch has been supported by category-specific advertising. As a reminder, this initiative was pursued to round out our product offering and what has proven to be one of the more compelling high growth classifications over the last two years. We expect our dress categories to evolve organically over time, thanks to growing breadth and depth of assortment as well as through additional door count. Regarding our accessory efforts, we have tested our revitalized Lauren Footwear assortments during the quarter. The early read on the customer's response is encouraging with many styles selling through at a weekly double-digit rate. The buyer feedback at the most recent footwear market is also positive. We look forward to the growth of our footwear category over the next few years, as we believe we are now offering compelling products with an equally compelling value proposition all of which is supported by an enhanced supply chain. At the beginning of calendar 2008, we regain the rights to design, produce and market handbags and luggage in the United States due to the expiration of an agreement with our former license. We are now actively committing resources to the development of this important emerging category for us and we're targeting wholesale distribution of both Lauren and Ralph Lauren handbags for spring 2009. In regards to our partnership with Richemont from the development of watches and fine jewelry, we expect to introduce a line of high-end luxury watches in spring 2009, the products would initially be still sold in a select number of our directly operated stores and then rolled out to a broader network inclusive of wholesale distribution later in calendar 2009. We are also now just a few weeks away from the launch of our first brand under global brand concept. American Living will be distributed at 575 JCPenney doors online and in the JCPenney catalog. American Living is a comprehensive lifestyle brand whose scope of new product category introduction will evolve over the next 18 months. And now many of you have been very interested in learning more about the American Living product. The JCPenney stores are being prepped for the official February 24 launch, which is going to supported by a major advertising campaign beginning with the Academy Award Oscar telecast. The product has been fully set up in a test store in Texas and various categories are being fully rolled out to stores across the country ahead of the official launch date. Simply put, we're extremely proud of what we have developed from American Living. It was only one year ago that we announced the creation of global brand concept and soon thereafter our intention to launch American Living exclusively at JCPenney in the United States. In that short period of time, we have developed four different lines across nearly 50 product categories that span everything from apparel to civil wear. Needless to say this has been a tremendous undertaking for us and JCPenney. The fact that we are sitting here today, having conceived out, produced and delivered such a variety of excellent products in a short time is no small feat. We are excited about this long-term partnership with Penney for a number of reasons. First it demonstrates our ability to operate comprehensive full assortments for an entire new brand. That includes everything from the original idea to delivering finished products in the store. That is complemented by our cohesive visual presentation branding and marketing strategy. Second it helps diversify our business by reaching customers in new channels of distribution. Finally the strategy behind our global brand concept group is to leverage our work on a global scale, which is in line with our long-term goal to diversify our business by geographies. So that is the status update. Although much of the start out burden associated with many of these initiatives was concentrated in fiscal 2008, we will continue to invest in all of these strategies in fiscal 2009 and beyond. As you know in the past few years, we have made significant long-term investments in our international business with the expansion of Europe and product categories such as Lauren and Children and channel expansion with our own retail stores and e-commerce as well as infrastructure investments to develop world-class supply chains. We are proud of the progress we have made and are hopeful that our new initiatives will deliver similar returns. Even as we have invested for growth, our balance sheet and cash flows have remained very strong. Before we move on to the financial review, I want to reiterate the comments that Ralph made in this morning's press release. As the diversity of our brand portfolio, the strength of our lifestyle positioning, the talent of our creative and managerial teams and our increasingly global reach are all enviable assets; that is the vision as well for the long term growth. We believe this provides us with the competitive advantage as we navigate through the volatile times. At the end of the day, great brands with great products will perform, both in good times and in challenging conditions. So, now let me turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operating highlights of the quarter.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. First I'd like to highlight the drivers of our third quarter net income and earnings per share performance. Then, I will take you through our guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2008 and our preliminary expectations for fiscal 2009. For the third quarter, we achieved consolidated net revenues of $1.27 billion, an increase of 11% over the prior year's period. Higher sales were achieved through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. When we exclude the impact of a non-comp recent licensee acquisition and as a reminder there was our Impact 21 in Japan and New Campaign, Inc for small leather goods. Third quarter net revenue still increased to a healthy 6%. Our strategy of diversification into international markets continued to be an important driver of top line growth during the third quarter as we experienced strong sales across all product lines in Europe. And our men's wear product experienced strong sales globally. In the third quarter, we were also able to support the phasing-in of store set ups for the launch of American Living at JCPenney later this month as Roger mentioned by beginning to provide product to their distribution network earlier than we had originally planned. Our retail stores also contributed to our third quarter revenue growth. Consolidated counts in our directly operated retail stores were up 5.7% for the quarter, which was achieved on top of a 7.4% comp gain in the third quarter of fiscal 2007. Our gross profit dollars increased 10% to $677 million and our gross profit rate declined 40 basis pints to 53.3% in the third quarter compared to 53.7% during the same period last year. Excluding the full impact of the recent acquisitions, our gross profit rate was 20 basis points higher than last year as the benefit of higher European sales offset increased promotional activity in certain of our domestic businesses. Third quarter operating expenses increased 18% to $506 million compared to $430 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2007. Operating expenses as a percent of revenues were 39.8%, 220 basis points higher than last year. The higher operating expenses primarily reflect the impact of the newly acquired businesses both the non-cash effect of the purchase accounting as well as their operating expenses. Higher stock-based compensation cost, higher advertising and public relations expenses and higher expenses commensurate with the overall growth in our core businesses. Our third quarter operating income declined 7% to $171 million, approximately $16 million of decline in operating income is due to the non-cash amortization related to the purchase accounting for the recent acquisition. This represents more than 100% of the year-over-year decline in our operating income. Our third quarter operating margin was 13.4% compared to 16.1% in the third quarter last year representing a 270 basis point decrease. Other drivers of the margin decline include the investments in new product launches and the increased stock comp I mentioned before. Net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2008 increased 2% to $113 million and net income for diluted share increased 5% to $1.08. The increase in our net income and diluted EPS results principally reflect... relate to an effective tax rate of 31.1% in the third quarter of fiscal 2008 compared to a 38.9% rate in the comparable period last year, which more than offset the decline in our operating income that we've already reviewed. The lower effective tax rate for the quarter was primarily due to the resolution of discrete tax items in the quarter that were partially offset by the higher tax expense associated with our adoption this year of FIN 48. Now I would like to spend a few minutes providing more insight into our segment highlights for the quarter. Regarding our Wholesale segment, sales grew 17% to $627 million or 5% excluding the Japan and small leather goods acquisitions. The increase in Wholesale revenues was primarily driven by American Living as discussed earlier, global menswear growth and sustained momentum in Europe. In the US, our mens and Chaps product lines continue to experience growth in the quarter while our Lauren and children's wear product sales were more challenging. Lauren holiday and resort product introduced towards the end of the quarter had better sell through than what was both a difficult department store and retail environment this holiday season. We shipped a fair amount of American Living product in the quarter to support the upcoming launch at JCPenny. European sales continue to show growth across all product categories in most regions with particular strength in Italy and the UK. And Japan sales were not inter based last year due to the acquisition of the license occurring in the first quarter of fiscal 2008 has been more challenging. Our wholesale operating income increased 14% to $104 million as a result of the higher sales. Our reported wholesale operating margin was 16.6%, 50 basis points below last year's operating margin of 17.1%. The decline primarily reflects higher SG&A expenses to support new product lines as well as the non-cash effective purchase accounting related to the recent acquisitions. Excluding the impact of those acquisitions, the wholesale operating margin would have expanded 70 basis points to 17.8% primarily due to shipments of American Living and strong European sales. For retail group third quarter sales increased 9% to $589 million and overall comp store sales increased 5.7% reflecting an increase of 6.4% at Ralph Lauren stores, 6.2% at factory stores and flat comps at Club Monaco stores. RalphLlauren.com sales were up 23% over the comparable period. Despite strong aggregate comps for the quarter, like many other retailers our same-store sales trends did soften during December in both the US as well as in Europe. In the US, the Northeast region excluding New York, the Mid-Atlantic region and the Midwest posted the weakest results while the New York Metro region and Texas were our strongest sales areas. Our New York stores clearly benefited from robust store shopping over the holiday season. And in Japan, our retail sales are also growing at an impressive double-digit rate in our retail stores. We opened 7 new stores during the quarter, one of which is a 14,000 square foot store at Lenox Square mall in Atlanta. The store is located in the luxury wing of the mall and it is double the size of the store replaced. The store features a complete offering of every division of men, women, home and accessories. We also opened a freestanding mens store in Malibu, California that joints our other Malibu locations for women's and Double RL. Internationally, our second London children's store on Fulham Road in London featured our full children's product assortment from Layette to boys age 18 and girls up to age 12. Retail operating income was $94 million compared to $95 million in the third quarter of last year and the retail operating margin was 16% versus 17.6% last year. The declines in retail operating income and margin rate primarily reflect increased occupancy costs related to future store expansion plan in our new RalphLauren.com fulfillment center. Increased promotional activity at some of our retail formats, our modest non-cash effective purchase accounting associated with the acquisition of the minority interest in RalphLauren Media that we previously did not own, and expense growth related to the higher sales that we reported. Licensing royalties for the quarter was... were $55 million, 19% below the prior year and operating income decreased 39% to $26 million. The decline in licensing revenue and operating income was primarily due to the Japan acquisition. Excluding the effect of these acquisitions, licensing revenue declined 5% and operating income contracted 3%, primarily due to the receipt of a one-time accelerated payment of $8 million to exit a licensing arrangement that was reflected in licensing revenues in the third quarter of last year. The decline in licensing revenue and operating income were partially offset by higher eyewear and fragrance sales as well as growth in Chaps license sales this year. We ended the third quarter with $804 million in cash or $186 million in cash net of debt. On a reported basis, we ended the third quarter with inventory up 20% over the comparable period last year. The year-over-year growth in inventory is primarily related to recent acquisitions and new products mostly Japan and American Living in the quarter. During the quarter, we invested $59 million in capital expenditures for new retail stores. Our new retail RalphLauren.com fulfillment center, new shop installations, and other infrastructure investments. Year-to-date, we have spent $152 million on capital expenditures to support future growth plans. We did not repurchase any stock during the quarter and we continue to have approximately $298 million remaining on our existing share repurchase program. Year-to-date, during fiscal 2008, we have repurchased $320 million worth of our Class A common stock. Now, I would like to address the outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2008 and outline our preliminary thoughts on fiscal 2009. For the full-year fiscal 2008, we expect revenue to increase by a low double-digit percentage, which compares to our prior expectation of low teens percentage growth. The slightly more moderate top line outlook effectively takes into account recent sales trends that we saw materializing in the business during the holiday season. We still expect our reported operating margin to be down by approximately 250 basis points compared to fiscal 2007. Regarding our earnings outlook, we now expect fiscal 2008 diluted earnings per share to be at the low-end of the range of $3.64 to $3.74 per share, compared to our prior expectation of $3.50 to $3.60 per share. I want to highlight that the higher EPS range is entirely a function of the impact of the third quarters discrete tax items on the full-year effective tax rate. If we exclude the resolution of these discrete tax items in the third quarter, we are effectively maintaining our prior earnings guidance range of 350 to 360, but at the lower end of that range. As we look forward to fiscal 2009 and as we have stated before, we believe we have positioned ourselves well for future growth. And as an organization, we remain committed to investing in our long-term growth initiative. Roger mentioned our Paris redevelopment strategy where we expect to open three new stores over the next 15 months, two of which are flagships that are a real testament to the luxury positioning of our brand. We are excited about the prospects for our joint venture with Richemont and the new premium watch line that will now be launched towards the end of fiscal 2009. Japan still remains a tremendous growth opportunity for us in the future. As Roger mentioned, we are currently working on the appropriate inventory management and re-merchandising strategies to support growth in this market in the future, in addition to revamping the business model to capitalize on sourcing and supply chain opportunities. And while over time these initiatives will position the Ralph Lauren brand to grow in this market, we are executing these initiatives in the context of weaker Japanese sales trends. We are mindful of the macro economic trends in the US that are affecting discretionary spending and are therefore cautious regarding our outlook for our domestic market and for Japan as well in the near term. We also want you to understand that our outlook today is a preliminary view being given in the context of much more macro economic uncertainty than we have faced for some time. For fiscal 2009, we currently expect low to mid-single digit consolidated revenue growth and preliminary diluted earnings per share range of $3.95 to $4.05. Implied in this guidance is an expectation of a continuation of slower consumer traffic trends in our US wholesale and retail businesses during the year and the corresponding sales and comp trends that would materialize from this. We have planned our business more conservatively as a result. Our view of American Living, which is a new product line for us with a new customer remain consistent with our prior expectations. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 38% and we expect to maintain our diluted share count at approximately $106 million, so our share repurchase activity is forecast to at least offset the expected dilution related to exercising options under our equity compensation program. And with that I'll turn the call back to Roger for questions and answers.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay, operator, I think we will be prepared to field the questions at this point. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator instructions]. We will take our first question from Brian McGough with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Yes, great. Thanks a lot guys. I just have a couple questions. The first is, just as it relates to the guidance and this one Tracey, it just sounds like the revenue guidance for '09 is really, really light, and if I look at American Living alone, I know you guys haven't given an exact revenue number, but if I make a reasonable assumption, if that alone should get to kind of a mid-single digit, kind of top line growth rate... and then you add other initiatives like your dresses, handbags, small other goods etc. It just seems like we need to make some dire assumptions about the US consumer in order to get there. So, could you just talk a little bit more to that like are you assuming that the consumer actually turns down again from here over the course of '09?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Brian, I'm actually going to let Roger respond to that.
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: The hot potato has been passed. Brian, I think our assumptions are the following and since many of you may have these questions, I'll try to go through it somewhat carefully. Our assumptions are based on strong sales in Europe and Asia. Our assumptions are, as Tracey said that the Japanese market will continue to be softer, then we would like... I think domestically we have in essence planned our own retail businesses conservatively with comp store sales and low single digits after running 5, 6, 7 years that sort of mid 6% and 7% comps, I will call it mid single digits. And we're planning the, what I call the core large department store wholesale businesses to be down low single digits. So, in our planning with our partners based on their sales planning and a desire to get better sell through and our desire to not have our brand promoted if there is excess inventory in the market. We have planned those large men's, Lauren, kids kind of core businesses, down domestically low single digits. Handbags really don't kick in till the back end of the fiscal year, so there is not a lot of incremental growth in that, and that sort of rounds out the headline issues on the sales numbers. You know, what happened in the fall season as you all know is, business reasonably is strong through the fall and through October, November and then post-Thanksgiving, there was a real slowdown. So, I'm not sure we know exactly anything more than you do about what the consumer is going to do over the next 12 months, but since we are making inventory purchases through holiday of next year as we sit here, we started with a conservative point of view and then we'll see what the customer says as we get more of a clear read on spring selling and then into summer. At this point really all the read to get on the January business is a lot of clearance activity. So, I'm not sure we have insight yet into whether spring is going to sell at a different rate than the holiday results. So, that is [inaudible] pieces of parts that make up our guidance on the sale. It turns out the customer is more resilient, I think will be prepared to react accordingly and we won't be caught short of inventory, that's for sure.
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: All right, okay. Now just on our retail business, if you kind of take a step back away from the quarter or the year. So, overall your margins have been lower than a lot of others in the space for a while. You've expensive real estate, expensive staff, because they are well trained, but they have been... you've sold apparel largely and now we're getting to the point of the evolution of the brand whereby you control your distribution, but you're now also controlling the content, i.e., these are the lines which are coming on. Could you talk about when we should start to see more of that product flow through your own retail stores, which should presumably start to take the operating margin at your own retail up onto the next leg up?
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I think it's fair to say that the bulk of our businesses has been an apparel- driven business and I think for the type of luxury products and the type of locations we have, as you said I think our margins in retail are pretty damn good. I think the beginning of product categories that we are going to try to distort in the years to come are really the accessory categories, whether it's handbag, footwear, small leather goods, watches and jewelry, all of which as you now from studying the industry carry significant margin opportunities that they begin to grow in their penetration to your total business. I think that's particularly relevant in Europe and Asia. So, the appetite for luxury accessories is even greater than the US. So, I think you are right. As those businesses come online and add higher margin and add to the mix, that is going to give us the impetus for the next wave of operating margin growth in retail.
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I am sorry to sneak in a quick third one, but on the American Living line, so as of now when you are dealing with like say Bloomingdale's, you really don't play the mark down money [inaudible] might take product back and put it in your own stores and you sell it at a margin that's probably at least as good as you would have done in Bloomingdale's. You can't really do that with American Living. So, can you talk about where the product is going to be cleared to the extent there is excess?
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Well, your question wandered around, let me just focus on American Living for a minute. The American Living launch as we said is a couple of weeks away and all of that product has been made to order unlike a lot of other... other businesses where we build product in anticipation of orders and then whatever the match is, the rest of excess. In the case of American Living, it is a little projected and then when the orders are placed in the buying process, we cut orders. So, there is no excess in the manufacturing process. Once it has been shipped to JCPenny as we've been doing, the merchandise is theirs, the brand is theirs and they are responsible for the sell throughs and clearing. So, it is really a different model than what we run in our other brands.
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks guys, I appreciate taking my questions.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay Brian.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Omar Saad with Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Roger you mentioned at the beginning of your prepared remarks how we have kind of seen an unprecedented drop off in consumer spending. Could you talk about... you've obviously been in the business a long, long time. Can you talk about what you are seeing in terms of consumer behavior in your business, mens, womens. You know, you obviously got a lot of different tiers that you approach from a price point perspective. Are you seeing any discernible trends there and what it might say about the customers health and how people are spending their money? And also U.S. international, mens, womens, could you talk about what you are seeing in terms of this unprecedented change in the spending patterns?
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Well, first Omar I must respond to how long I have been in the industry, you hurt my feelings, it has only been 33 years, so I am just getting started. I am using the word unprecedented, and we picked it carefully because having gone through some of the ups and downs over the last 33 years, I would say that this is unprecedented for a couple of reasons. One, the swiftness of deceleration of the business really in the month of December, while not totally unexpected, because there was some softening in the fall. I think some of the comps around were somewhat propped up by more promotional activity. So, I think margins were coming down to drive some of those sales. But when I say unprecedented, it is because across multiple channels whether it is the high end of the luxury channel, whether it is more mainstream or whether it is really the targets in the Wal-Mart, I think we are also a deceleration across every channel. I think the macro economic issues that are facing the consumer today are broad based and far reaching, and I think if you look at the weak demand for consumer products, in a 3% interest rate environment and a lot of the other down turns, there have been things you could do to stimulate consumer spending that I think are going to be more difficult to enact in the current environment. So, you have consumers with maxed out credit cards, who may be facing mortgage issues, and I think that those issues are going to be more difficult to wrestle to the ground and are affecting broad categories. So, it is sort of a new kind of slow down for all of us and I think those companies that have great brands in our managing balance sheet carefully and selectively looking at the opportunities to gain share, I think are going to come through it I think. Having said that, we talk about 12 months because that is about as far out as we are all looking in committing inventory. I don't think we have an idea that 12 months from now, there's a specific reason for it to turn. So, you've got election issues, you've got international issues, you've got the dollar, in the weak dollar at the moment. So, there are a lot of things that are depressing the customer and I think it's broader and deeper than I've seen in a while. So, that's my view, we are preparing accordingly and we're pursuing our multi-channel, multi-brand, multi-country strategy, and so far I think we have the right strategies. I think we have the right team and we have the financial wherewithal to do it, but we're definitely more cautious than we were sitting here February of last year.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Liz Dunn with Thomas Weisel.
Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi good morning. I just wanted to say thank you for your clearly worded press release and really frank discussion of the environment. I guess my first question relates to just a follow-up to Roger's comments on Europe and it seems like you are a bit cautious on whether or not Europe follows the US trends. Can you discuss that a little bit, is that just a speculation that is based on what is happened in the past or is there anything that you are seeing in Europe that causes you to be a little cautious? And then the second question, which I would also say is a follow-up. I know there are a lot of moving pieces impacting fiscal '09. Can you talk about what your margin assumptions are, for sort of the promotional environment where you might see added spending needed in '09 as well, impacting the SG&A rates? Thanks.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay Liz. In Europe, we have had an unbelievable transformation of a licensed business to own business and really consistently executed across the major developed markets, the consumer has voted yes for our product, and as you all know, our recent expansion in Moscow last spring has been a tremendously exciting opportunity for the corporation. So, we really are very encouraged about the long-term opportunities in Europe. Having said that, it's unclear whether the US issues will spread to the European customer. Clearly, we saw a lot of European shopping in the US in the holiday season with the cheap dollar and the only real signs of change in consumer spending probably centered around London, which also has a large financial community, and I think there was some reportage slow up in the marketplace through the holiday season. Our business actually continued strong through the holiday and we did not see that, but there are certainly reports and signs that some of these fiscal issues that are, you know, in the front pages here have begun to spread. We obviously all know about the issue in the KeyBank in France last week or the week before. So, we still are looking for outsider growth in Europe. We think our strategies retail and wholesale are probably aligned. And it's too early to tell whether Europe will see any meaningful downturn. But I think there was a little blip in London in the holiday season, and we'll see where it goes from there. In terms of '09 in our margin expectations, I think that in the guidance that Tracey talked about and Brian asked the first question really. It starts with a more conservative sales assumption based on all the reasons I've articulated. I think it does call for gross margins and operating expenses to be carefully managed in a difficult environment. We certainly are investing in the initiatives that we've talked about. But any discretionary spending beyond that is either being postponed or eliminated. I think we're going to be cautious in managing our own inventories, whether it's the wholesale inventory and a sell in or our own retail inventories. It's not a time to get stuck with inventory. I think one of the realities that December, January for many people in the US is that products didn't really move so well even on the first markdown. So, the size of the markdown and the reductions you have to take to move the goods is also a factor when you're looking at inventory planning. So, some of the accounting issues fall away, there are some start up costs obviously still going on in the businesses. But really starting with a more conservative sales and then working through more aggressive expense management, we think we're positioned given the current forecast. If the business trend changes, then we will adjust accordingly as well.
Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: So, you're planning Lauren Men's and Kids inventory down?
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: We are.
Lizabeth Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thanks, good luck.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Virginia Genereux with Merrill Lynch.
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Thank you Roger and Tracey. Let me ask you, it seems like part of the fiscal '09 view is also an assumption that Japan is going to be down Roger, you know understandably I think. Is that... is that a macro issue sort of the maybe it is taking a little longer to get Japan where you guys want it to be. Is that more a macro issue or is it more of a cultural kind of specific to that situation issue.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: That is a good question Virginia. There are really two things going on. When we acquired Japan last May, we based our full year plan going forward on sort of flat environment in Japan. And then chose to do whatever we're going to do with the market, impact it based on our timetable. And I think that... that probably was a little optimistic given that the market has been tough through most of the fall. So, that market is trending down slightly. However, the bigger issues in Japan are really not whether the markets ladder up a couple of points or down a couple of points. But really it is our sort of complete overhaul of that business. And that's a business that was licensed in 1978. The business model has changed pretty dramatically since 1978. What we are looking at is the kind of assortments we put into the doors there. Those assortments as we've examined them over the last nine months, were very broad and shallow. They were not at all merchandized like what we do in the United States or we now do in Europe. We did not have as much of the aspirational product and the tiering of brands that we do here, and we think that's a real opportunity. And in fact most of the infrastructure there was done through trading companies and third-party providers. So, not only are we dealing with the cultural issues of integration between our license holding company, Polo Japan Impact 21, add onto that, we are dealing through third-party suppliers that have for many, many years provided manufacturing support, logistics, and distribution support, and IT support. So, we've got to unwind that and then put it back together in the manner that we have done in Europe and we will do with other major markets. And then we have to plug it into our infrastructure working through some fairly significant language barriers. So, while all of that's happening and we are finding really large opportunities as we will anticipate plugging those infrastructures into our global network, it's going to take a little time to unplug and then put it back in. We do have a team of people over there that are transitionally working over the next 6 to 8 months to accelerate the changes, and even though we announced the new President of Japan this week, he will spend the next six months, part of his time here learning about the brand and the culture and then part of his time in Japan getting his feet wet on the ground. But we have this team of folks there, we have picked some of the best and the brightest that we have in the company, who have taken on a six to eight month assignment to really hit the ground running. I would say that the Japanese have embraced the changes. This is not about a resistance. There is just a lot of change going on there now to get that business positioned properly for the future, and we are very bullish on the future. But we are trying to lay the foundation now properly.
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Yes, we saw that chaos in Europe. And then just very quickly Tracey, can you tell me how many retail doors you guys are opening or you expect to exit fiscal '09 with?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: We are planning right now little over 20 new stores next year Virginia.
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: And that, is that maybe 15?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: No, net it would be the net is 20.
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you all so much.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from David Glick with Buckingham Research.
David Glick  Buckingham Research: Good morning.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Hi Dave.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Hoping you would give us little more color on the size and scale of the American Living business. Ideally in terms of your revenue expectation, but maybe you can compare it to the scale, some of your other businesses like your Lauren wholesale business for example. And then Tracey if you could give us some sense, what percentage of your original shipments planned for your fiscal Q4 did you end up shipping into Q3, so we can get a sense of what kind of impact that had on the fiscal third quarter?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Well, I think and I'll go first. I mean you can tell from our full-year guidance, how much shifted from the fourth quarter into the third quarter. So, we don't give specific information as it relates to that as you know, but try to calibrate the full-year guidance then you could get a sense for backing into that what that shift would be.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Okay. I was assuming that, but I just wanted to get some confirmation. Thanks.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Got it.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: And the reason we did it, which is probably implied in your question, but you didn't want to ask David is that this involves millions of units across multiple categories. So, in order to get that product in the country, get it through the Chinese distribution infrastructure, get a [inaudible] store setup in early January and then each week, we rolled out another product category, one week mens, one week womens, one kids, one home in order to hit the start base, is a pretty mammoth task. So, as we were able to do that, I think we are all excited to get that little bit of a running head start on the execution of this. The size and scale of American Living is quite large. I think Penney has called it the largest launch they have ever had. So, that gives you some sense of scope and then I think we would say it is the largest single launch we have ever had and the fact that it is across 50 merchandised categories all at the same time is really unprecedented, because we opened our showroom downtown in New York with men's, women's, kids, home, accessories, intimate, all of those categories shown at the same time, which is not the way most markets work. In the normal markets, we have chosen in January and women's is in February and homes later in spring. So, we were able to do all that and have it be fully integrated, have all the advertising, marketing, TV, pre-print, online and catalogs all to coordinate at the same time has been a mammoth task. The other thing I'm just going to repeat, and I said it once before. Before we sell piece one, we have now delivered two Penney's products for their purchasing four different lines. So, we've delivered spring to them, we have shown them summer, we have shown them fall and we are right on the cusp of giving holiday. So, we had to build four different lines of products across 50 merchandised categories before they have actually sold piece one. So, this is quite a large undertaking and anecdotally in the test store which is not one of their biggest stores outside of Plano, Texas, which is where they are headquartered. We have already had very strong selling of product at full price. So, too early to call but with 1% of the electoral votes in, we are feeling encouraged.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Okay. And thank you Roger and if you could... now that your four quarters ended from the development stand point, the percentage of your... of the business that is going to fall into the licensing income category versus your whole sale shipments, could you give us some help on.. is that 75-25 if you could give us some color on that that would be helpful.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: I would say the bulk, the large bulk of the business is owned and will be shipped as wholesale. We really have two other ways for doing business. One is through a normal license arrangement in categories that we've historically licensed and the third piece is really where we are working through key categories at JC Penney has expertise in manufacturing. We are designing it and then they are having it made within their network. So, for instance curtains and draperies which is one of their biggest categories that is not something that we would make and we are working through their manufacturing base executing our design to ship that. So, that is really a third leg of the stool. But the large bulk of this is straight wholesale business.
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Great. Thanks very much. Good luck.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Thank you David.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Robbie Ohmes with Banc of America Securities.
Robert Ohmes - Banc of America Securities: Hi thanks. Two quick follow ups. Roger, just a follow up on Virginia's question on Japan. When you are looking at how the wholesale business is distributed, are you going to go direct like some of the other luxury brands do in Japan and do in-store shops so that you would be moving totally away from companies like [inaudible] in distribution? That is my first question and then the second question is, I was hoping you could in this environment give us some insight on to how the department store customers are changing their strategies and how that fits in for Polo and Chaps and American Living. [inaudible] department stores who have clearly been talking about driving comps with higher AURs, how are they thinking about driving their businesses in this type of environment? Thanks.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay, well, Robbie, let me start with the Japanese question. Our distribution today is primarily through more or less 120 department store doors, that then we may have multiple shops within, we may have a shop for men's, we may have a shop for women's, we may have a shop for kids and home, etc. So, we are now directly distributing mens, womens, and denim products through that network that we now are doing direct. There is no more roll for Onward Kashiyama, which ended when we bought back the company in May. The other key merchandise categories like kids and golf and some of the other categories are still going from the licenses to those department store channel and those licenses, as I said in the script are coming to an end at the end of February. So, we own directly. Now the little bit of a nuance in Japan is in the men's business, we actually run that business on a consignment model. So, we sell it in, we are responsible for the staffing and the sell through, and that's different than in the women's business, where it is a straight wholesale model. But there is no middleman in any of those businesses and we are distributing through those stores. Overtime, like other brands, we would like to complement that with a network of our own free standing stores, but at the moment we have only got two of those and they are trending well, they have more luxury products in the department stores, and they are creating a halo in that market of what Ralph Lauren can be. But the distribution today is through these department store doors and hopefully that's helpful. In terms of the department store customers and what we are seeing, I think it's clear that there was a fall off in foot traffic in department stores last year, whether they be mall based or in some cases off mall. And I think the strategy that most people are trying to employ is to focus on and get more of the conversion rate, so that foot falls that are coming in are converting at a higher rate and I think most major retailers track what their conversion rate is from people who walk in the store to what people buy. I think people are probably focusing on units per transaction, which I think is an opportunity to get more share of wallet, and I think for many years the focus has been on average unit retails, and I think that's probably taking a bit more of a back seat given the current environment. So, it's probably conversion rate number one, units per transaction number two, average unit retail will be in third place in my opinion.
Robert Ohmes - Banc of America Securities: Roger that's very helpful, thanks so much.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay. We have one more question, is that right, two more questions.
Operator: Yes, and we'll take our next question from Jeff Edelman. Please go ahead.
Jeff Edelman - UBS: Thank you, good morning.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Edelman - UBS: My first question revolves around margins. With the operating margin down about 250 basis points this year, I guess we got about 100, which are acquisition costs, about 100 which was investment spending and lets say 50, 40, due to the slow down in the environment. The implied margin for the New Year and I know you are being conservative, is a little less than 100 basis point increase give or take a little bit. So, my question is that's probably the elimination of the acquisition costs. Are we going to see the investment spending continuing at a pretty high rate, and I guess there is also a higher mark down assumption?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: Well, I will weigh in Jeffrey and then let Roger weigh in as well. We talked about some of the investment spending related to Paris, related to some of the other initiatives like handbags that we will have in the upcoming fiscal year. In addition to that, with our revenue expectation, our revenue growth expectations next year, that's a pretty big slow down from where we have been over the last few years. So, it does factor in the reality that the US environment that does have a leverage impact on our expense base. So, I think you are seeing the combination of those things in addition to, as you called out the fall off of the purchase accounting not having the level of operating margin expansion that otherwise we would have if the revenue growth was twice what it was.
Jeff Edelman  UBS: Okay, thank you. And then secondly, as we look forward what type of increase can we expect to see in total retail square footage over the next few years and just one little side one, how much did currency favorably impact during the quarter?
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Well, I will try the real estate square footage question. I think I would generalize and give you an answer of low single-digit, Jeff. I think what you are seen over the last four or five years is we have done a pretty good job of opening stores that are highly productive and closing stores that are not as productive or not positioned anymore in the right location. I think you are seeing other retailers taking very large positions on closing doors, and I think we have probably done a better job of remixing that and getting growth in the productivity per square foot. Since we started to talk about this, our sales per square foot of the company have grown by a 100% on our retail network. So our focus has not been necessarily on growing square footage 5% or 7% or even higher as some have been. Our focus has been on trying to get sales per square foot and productivity measures to jump dramatically. Given the higher real estate costs and higher customer service cost that we talked about earlier, we think that's been the best pass for us. With that said, I believe the future, Jeff, will have more real estate growth internationally. I think you will see it in Asia overtime, and I think you will see it in Europe overtime, as we are more comfortable that we are well positioned here in the United States. So, that's really our philosophy as we sit here today.
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: And Jeffrey on your question with respect to foreign exchange. Primarily for us the euro impact was about $23 million worth of revenue growth in the quarter or about 2% of our growth rate.
Jeff Edelman  UBS: And the margin impact?
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President: The margin impact was significantly less than that.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: As we discussed on the margin Jeff, we have the conversion of profit back to US dollars, which helps us, but we have the negative of the cost of goods going the other way against us. So, it is kind of a less compelling number than the sales number.
Jeff Edelman - UBS: Great, thank you very much.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay, last question. We have one more I think.
Operator: Yes. We will take our final question from Christine Chen with Needham & Company.
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Okay, Christine.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Wondering about Japan, are there seasonality differences in the wholesale business than in the US? Are they more 2 seasons versus 4 seasons, and how do the holidays have an impact over there and then what about the seasonality of Easter in the US?
Roger N. Farah - President, Chief Operating Officer: Wow! That's the one to close on. I would say that in general, there is the same seasonality to the business. There is definitely a longer summer, warmer fall, fabrics [inaudible] are all important in the fall selling season. The holiday pattern is different, issues like Golden Week and other holidays are you know not on the same necessarily calendar as the US, but more or less at the end of the day, those are not meaningful differences in terms of how we will run and operate our business. The trends years ago were for Japanese consumers to travel, buy a lot gifts, bring them back which was the custom. As harmonizing of prices on a world wide basis has really come into effect, as major brands have positioned themselves in Japan differently than in the past, I think the world is coming together. So, the good news for us is that whether it's Europe or Japan or it's the United States, there is definitely a more common beat to the business than not [ph]. When you get into South East Asia which has much warmer climate issues year round and certainly when you get into the southern hemisphere where the seasons are opposite, they require some operational maneuvering, because when it's winter here it's summer there, and so it gets a little complex when you talk about the southern hemisphere, which for us today is not a huge business. I think the issues we will have to wrestle with in time are more the growth and opportunities in South East Asia than how do we wrestle with tropical or sub-tropical climate almost on a 12 months a year basis. So, we are learning about that, but less meaningful to the Japanese business. With that, I thank you all for your interest and support. We look forward to updating you again at the end of our fourth quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation and have a nice day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  James Hurley - IR Roger N. Farah - President and COO Tracey T. Travis - CFO 
Analysts:  Omar Saad - Credit Suisse David Glick - Buckingham Research Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Christine Chen - Needham and Company Kate McShane - Citigroup Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray    Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. All lines will be in listen-only function during the presentation. At the end of the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question, where your touchtone phone will be given at that time. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn the call over to Mr. James Hurley. Please go ahead sir. 
James Hurley - Investor Relations:  Good morning and thank you all for joining us on Polo Ralph Lauren second quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. The agenda for this morning's call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, who will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives; and then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the second quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for the remainder of the year. After that we'll open up the call for your questions.  As you know, we'll be making some forward-looking comments today including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. Now I would like to call... turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. We're pleased to be reporting strong financial results today. We met our expectations for the first half of fiscal 2008, even as we're making significant investments and long-term initiatives. In the second quarter, we delivered an 11% sales growth with solid retail comps of 4.5%, again very challenging one and two year comparisons.  Internationally our wholesale and retail businesses continue to be strong across all regions of Europe and most parts of Asia.  Our second quarter results reflect underlying growth in our core Ralph Lauren businesses. The near-term dilutive impact of recent acquisitions that position us for strong long term growth and sustained investments in new initiatives, whether it be emerging retail concept or new product initiatives like American Living, dresses or watches or acquisitions like Japan and small leather goods. Even as we invest for growth, our balance sheet and cash flows remain robust and we achieved a trailing 12-month ROI of 30% at the end of the second quarter.  As I look at the underlying trends that drove our first half results, and that would be excluding the impact of the acquisition, I see a great deal of consistency between the first quarter and the second quarter. Our underlying wholesale revenues were up 7% in this quarter. Our retail comp maintained mid to high-single digits, and our growth margin rates were higher than last year at the same time.  Our inventories have consistently been in good shape and reflect our sales growth. Of course on a reported basis, we have had a negative impact from purchase accounting relating to the recent acquisitions and a higher tax rate. I am pleased with the underlying strength and consistency we've achieved in the first half of the year.  As I stated before, fiscal 2008 is very much an investment year both financially and operationally as we continue to execute on three main strategies. One, expanding our direct-to-consumer businesses. Two, growing our international businesses and three, developing new merchandise categories with discrete channels of distribution. We remain very focused on these initiatives and are excited about their potential to meaningfully enhance our global brand positioning and continue to deliver a long-term incremental shareholder value.  I'd like to spend a few minutes updating you on the progress with each of these initiatives. In our direct-to-consumer businesses, we are tracking to have our new 330,000 square foot customer service and fulfillment center dedicated to Ralph Lauren Media fully operational in spring 2008. We recently celebrated an important milestone for this major investment. We took our first call on November 1 last week. We are looking forward to the benefits of being in full control of our e-commerce operation, especially as we look to leverage this business on a global basis.  With respect to growing our international businesses, we continue to benefit from ongoing strength in Europe and Asia, especially for our luxury products. We have invested in prestigious and high profile locations to support the increasingly global focus of our directly operated retail store development. Next year for example we will be opening multiple locations in Paris that should certainly help us reposition the brand in that important European market. At the same time, we continue to develop and integrate new systems that allow us to operate like a truly global organization. And this involves everything from management information systems to supply chain rationalization.  The integration of Japan is proceeding nicely and there is potential opportunity where we can leverage our in-house design, merchandising and supply chain expertise to have a positive impact on sales and profits. And this is one of the most important luxury markets and it's our second largest country in terms of brand sales at retail.  On the product front, we successfully integrated our small leather goods business into our supply chain and distribution platform. And that transition went smoothly. The investment in dresses, one of the strongest growing classifications over the last two years is being successfully leveraged across our Lauren American living and Chaps brand. And the initial response for the product for next spring has been very encouraging. We are also on track to launch a collection of high-end watches and fine Jewelry for fall 2008, which will initially be sold in our directly operated stores and then rolled out to third party distribution in 2009.  During the second quarter, we also presented the summer line for American Living to the JCPenny buyers. And once again the response is very favorable. We're now just a few months away from the launch of American Living at retail which has the making of a very strong long-term partnership with JCPenny.  I'd like to spend some time on the current environment and specifically as it relates to our revised earnings outlook for fiscal 2008, which we addressed in this morning's press release and what Tracey will walk you through later on the call.  Despite strong first half results, we're taking a more conservative view of discretionary spending among US consumers for the back half of the year. The macro economic headwinds of the weak housing market and consumer-credit concerns, all of which have been discussed at length in the news along with the unseasonable warm weather this fall make us more cautious about the traffic patterns in all domestic channels for the holiday season.  In general, the women's business is trending softer than men, which has been the case for most of the year. The high-end luxury accessory businesses like handbags, shoes, watches and jewelry have been strong, but is currently a relatively small portion of our overall business. While I believe we have a compelling holiday assortment that will be supported by a strong advertising campaign, we thought it was prudent to recalibrate our expectations for the back half of this fiscal year with a more cautious view on sales and margins for our domestic operations.  Despite a more conservative view of the near-term spending in the US, nothing about our strategy has changed. We continue to execute against our stated objectives and our expectations to return on our investments remain the same. In the past few years we've made significant long-term investments in Europe. Lauren Kids, retail, e-commerce and others as well as infrastructure investments to develop a world-class supply chain. All of these decisions have paid off the tremendous returns for our shareholders. We continue to view the current strategies in investments as the right direction for our company.  Now, let me turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operational highlights of the quarter as well as our revised outlook for the year. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. First, I'd like to highlight for you the drivers of our second quarter net income and earnings per share performance, then I will take you through our revised guidance for fiscal 2008.  For the quarter, we achieved consolidated net revenues of $1.3 billion, an increase of 11% over the prior years period. When we exclude the impact of the non-comp licensee acquisitions and those are Impact 21 in Japan and New Campaign, Inc for small leather goods, second quarter net revenues still increased a healthy 7%. As a reminder, two other recent acquisitions, Ralph Lauren Media in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 and new Polo Japan in the first quarter of fiscal 2008 were already 50% owned by Polo prior to the acquisitions and therefore were already consolidated into our results last year.  International markets continue to be important drivers of topline growth during the second quarter and especially our European business. Regarding merchandise category, our menswear product experienced strong sales globally and our Chaps product lines were also strong performers. Regarding our retail business, consolidated comps in our directory operated retail stores experienced 4.5% comps during the quarter which was achieved on top of a 9.3% comp gain in the second quarter of fiscal 2007 and a 6.2% comp gain in the second quarter of fiscal 2006.  Our gross profit dollars increased 10% to $695 million and our gross profit rate declined 70 basis points to 53.5% in the second quarter compared to 54.2% during the same period last year. The decrease in our overall gross profit rate is entirely due to the effect of recent acquisitions. Excluding the full effect of recent acquisitions, our gross profit rate was 40 basis points higher than last year.  Second quarter operating expenses increased 20% to $503 million compared to $418 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2007. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue were 38.7%, 290 basis points higher than last year. The higher operating expenses primarily reflect the impact of the newly acquired businesses. Both the non-cash effect of the purchase accounting related to the transaction as well as the businesses ongoing operating expenses. We also experienced higher stock-based compensation costs due primarily to an approximate 80% appreciation in our stock price versus last year's.  Start-up expenses related to American Living and dresses which both launched in the fourth quarter and cost related to our 40th anniversary celebration, in addition to the overall growth in the core businesses. Our second quarter operating income declined 10% to $193 million. I would like to highlight that approximately $20 million of decline in operating income is due to the non-cash amortization of intangible assets and inventory related to purchase accounting for the recent acquisitions. This represents 90% of the year-over-year decline in operating income.  Our second quarter operating margin was 14.8% compared to 18.4% in the second quarter of last year, representing a 360 basis point decline. Other drivers of the margin decline include the investments and new product launches and the increased stock compensation expense I mentioned earlier. Net income for the second quarter of fiscal 2008 declined 16% to $115 million and net income per diluted share decreased 15% to $1.90. The decrease in our net income and diluted EPS results principally relates to the decline in operating income I have already highlighted including the $20 million of non-cash amortization related to purchase accounting as well as to a tax rate of 39.4% which is 350 basis points higher than the prior year primarily reflecting our adoption this year of FIN 48 as we have discussed before.  Now I would like to spend a few minutes providing more insight into our segment highlights for the quarter. So, beginning with our Wholesale segment. Our Wholesale sales grew 17% to $772 million or 7% excluding the Japan and small leather goods licensee acquisitions, which now are included in our Wholesale segment. The increase in Wholesale revenue was primarily fuelled by strong global menswear sales and growth across all product categories in Europe. Sales in Italy, our largest European market, were especially strong during the quarter.  As I mentioned earlier, Chaps was also a driver of Wholesale revenue growth with both women's and children's performing well. Our Wholesale operating income increased 12% to $176 million primarily as a result of the higher sales. Our reported Wholesale operating margin was 22.8%, 100 basis points below last year's operating margin of 23.8%. The decline primarily reflects higher SG&A expenses to support new product lines as well as the non-cash effect of purchase accounting related to the recent acquisition. Excluding the impact of the recent acquisitions, the Wholesale operating margin would have expanded slightly.  For our Retail segment, second quarter sales increased 7% to $474 million, and overall comp store sales increased 4.5% reflecting an increase of 5% at Ralph Lauren stores, 4.2% at Factory stores and 5.5% at Club Monica stores. RalphLauren.com sales were up 28% over the comparable period driven by double-digit gains in all major product categories.  Our comparable store sales were strong in July and August, but as Roger mentioned softened in September. The unseasonably warm weather presented the challenge for us in selling fall merchandising. In Europe, our retail stores continue to post very healthy total sales and same store sales gains. Our Japanese retail stores are also growing at an impressive double-digit rate, thanks to broad-based interest in all of the luxury products carried in these stores.  Retail operating income was $52 million compared to $67 million in the second quarter last year and the Retail operating margin was 11.1% versus 15% last year. The declines in Retail operating income and margin rate also reflects the non-cash effect of purchase accounting associated with the acquisition of the minority interest in Ralph Lauren Media that we previously did not own. Increased occupancy expense related to future store expansion plans such as the planned Paris Store that Roger mentioned earlier, and gross margin declined at some of our retail format.  Licensing royalties for the quarter were $53 million, 14% below the prior year, and operating income decreased 39% to $23 million. The decline in Licensing revenue and operating income was due to the effect of recent acquisitions and this primarily relating to the Impact 21 acquisition, which is now consolidated as part of the Wholesale segment, which I mentioned earlier. Excluding the effect of the recent acquisition, Licensing revenue and operating income was up primarily due to eyewear and fragrance sales.  We ended the second quarter with $473 million in cash or $130 million in net debt, which reflects short-term borrowings to complete the Impact 21 acquisition. During the second quarter, we invested $48 million in capital expenditures for new stores, new shop installations, particularly in Europe, and infrastructure investments. We also repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares of stock for $150 million during the quarter. We currently have approximately $298 million remaining under our existing share repurchase program. As Roger said, we are pleased at the investments we have made in our business this year, have continued to yield last 12 months return on investment of 30% as of the end of the second quarter.  Roger spoke of the fiscal 2008 year as being one of investment for us and as we have communicated to you before, we expect this to be reflected in our earnings results. In terms of our earnings guidance for fiscal 2008, I want to remind you of what we have said before that you should expect to see investment related to new business initiatives throughout the entire year with the first signs of revenue related to some of these investments beginning in the fourth quarter and then into fiscal 2009.  Additionally we have the impact of purchase accounting related to two Japanese acquisitions, Ralph Lauren Media as well as small leather goods. This will result in suppressed earnings in the first three quarters of this fiscal year with earnings growth disproportionately weighted to the fourth quarter. This is not new news, but I thought it was worth revisiting since they are fair amount of investments and associated impacts this year, which we have tried to lay out for you.  As mentioned in our press release, although we met our expectations for the first half of fiscal 2008, we are concerned about the impact, the current US macro environment will have on consumer spending over the next several months. Accordingly as Roger said, we believe it is prudent to recalibrate our expectations for the back half of the year. And I would like to review our revised outlook with you now.  For the first full year of fiscal 2008, we now expect revenues to increase by a low-teen percentage, which compares to our prior expectations of mid-teen percentage growth. The more moderate topline outlook effectively assumes a weaker consumer spending in the US across all of our distribution channels for the back half of the year.  We expect our reported operating margins to be down by approximately 250 basis points compared to fiscal 2007, the majority of which can be attributed to the non-cash impact from purchase accounting, but some of the which is assumption of our slightly lower sales growth outlook. Our fiscal 2008 tax rate should continue to track to the year-to-date trend, which is approximately 39%.  The net result of all of this is that we now expect fiscal 2008 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.50 to $3.60 per diluted share, compared to our prior expectation of $3.64 to $3.74. And as a reminder, this includes an estimate of approximately $60 million of non-cash purchase accounting impact, and that's a before tax number. We also provided more specific guidance on our fiscal third quarter expectations in this morning's press release. So, I'd like to review that guidance now.  For the third quarter, we expect consolidated revenues to increase at a mid single digit percentage rate. This reflects mid-to-high single digit percentage growth in wholesale and high-single digit percentage growth in retail. It also reflects a low 20s percent decrease in licensing due both to the impact of the acquisitions I mentioned previously and to a one-time accelerated payment to exit a licensing arrangement that we received in the third quarter of fiscal 2007. Operating margins are expected to decline approximately 500 basis points in the quarter as a result of the non-cash purchase accounting related to the Japanese acquisitions and Ralph Lauren Media, continued investment in new business initiative and to more the conservative view of domestic sales.  And with that, I'll turn the call back to Roger for questions and answers. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay operator. I think we're ready to take the first question.  Question and Answer 
Operator:  Great. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Christine Chen of Needham and Company. Miss. Chen you line is open. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Hello operator. We can't hear anything, maybe you should move to the next question. 
Operator:  Yes, we are going to the next question, which is Omar Saad of Credit Suisse. 
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse:  Thanks, good morning. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Good morning. 
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse:  Roger, hoping you could expand a little bit on the US consumer environment. How you think about it given the breadth of your business across channels and across price points. We would love to hear some of your unique insights, whether it's the outlet business and is that being impacted by the gas prices or the luxury business and some of this consumer market, stock market fears that are out there. I mean the wholesale channel, it seems like women's been weak for some time. I dont know if you have any particular insight you could share with us on that as well. And how you think about this as we head into the holiday season, which traditionally obviously has even the biggest season for the industry? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, it's the headline question for all of us I think on the macroeconomic level, and I would make sure we are really focused on the US, because the international business is a whole different set of discussion point, but domestically we saw reasonably strong July and August and then a significant slowdown in September. So, that quarter itself well in total we delivered our plans. It had some extreme parts to it. And I think we saw the domestic customer really slowing down their discretionary spending late August and into September. How much of that was weather, hard to tell. When you look at the regional maps for our performance, the Northeast, the Midwest definitely were weaker which we do think was the primary part of the country that was impacted by weather. You know, California, Southwest, Southeast, less of a weather issue, our businesses were stronger in those markets. And then the New York business is experiencing tremendous growth given a very high level of tourist traffic and that has continued on unabated. So, the country itself has sort of different reactions over the last six, seven, eight weeks. I believe the high-end customer continues to spend. We're seeing in our business domestically and internationally, and I believe they will continue to spend through Christmas for themselves and for gift giving. I also believe that if the financial headlines and news that keeps coming out of Wall Street gets worse, that may or may not provide the psychological depressant to the consumer more than it is; they can't afford to buy a sweater or a coat, so we will have to watch that carefully. But at the moment, the high-end consumer continues to shop at a pretty high rate on a worldwide basis. I think Tracey alluded to double-digit comps in Europe and double-digit comps in Asia, and they have continued to trend well until October, November. I think it's the middle customer that is being squeezed with mortgages being reset, maybe borrowed against the equity in their home, and as that equity value has fallen in many parts of the country, they are forced to cut back their discretionary spending. And I think that's the one perhaps we are most worried about as we look at the third and fourth quarters for us where discretionary spending, it's really squeezed. Gas prices, which continue to be talked about, it's hard for me to really see how that is impacting it. We have not seen that as an impact in the factory business. That business continues to be pretty solid. And so I think that is less of an issue. I think the channels that are below that, whether it's a Coles or Pennys I think have seen some of that turbulence. I think they obviously picked up a lot of market share over the last two years during the Federated-May merger, but the last three or four months they've seen some turbulence in their comps. Even though Chaps continues to perform extremely well at Coles and the American Living product that we've now shown through two markets has a huge enthusiastic following now with the Penny's merchant team. So, my met on all of that and it is a long answer, but I think it's the heart of what's going on. It is that the middle customers are the one being squeezed the hardest. In terms of product category, I think women's has been soft really throughout the year. And that's really all formats for us, whether it's the very contemporary part of Club Monica or whether that is the women's businesses in Lauren price points or really across-the-board. And I think that's just fashion and trend as opposed to any serious permanent change. Men's business has continued to perform reasonably well, really on a global basis. And so that pattern is unchanged. I think the weather did hurt the apparel businesses, particularly in those regions I talked about and now that the weather has changed, we'll see what happens. 
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse:  And how do you plan for the... how do you deal with the planning kind of for consumer overarching kind of slowdown? Do you pull back on inventory or are you being more... your inventory is obviously in pretty good shape. Are you being a little bit more promotional in your businesses to work through that or how do you deal with that? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  It's interesting because the... what has turned into the shortest selling cycle of the year now has become fall. We ship it in July and August and hopefully it solidifies September and by October, you want to start moving out of it to make room for Holiday Cruise and Resort, which is now coming into the stores in the first week and two weeks of November. So, it used to be the largest and most profitable delivery cycle for really all manufacturers, it has now become the shortest. The Holiday Cruise which then bleeds into spring, which bleeds into summer allows you much more of a selling time to sell through goods at full price. So, when the weather doesn't come as it did in this year, there is more promotional activity late September into October to try to clear those goods to position the Holiday Cruise Resort product that comes in early November. So, we've taken some action. I think Tracey said one of the issues on the operating margin rates in retail in the second quarter reflected some aggressive attempts to move through some of that fall a little earlier than we might like. But as you commented, our inventories are in great shape. We're flowing fresh product and we think we're well positioned with a slightly more conservative point of view about sales and margin and to whatever degree we've got flexibility in our expense structure without impacting our initiatives, we'll look at that through the back half of the year, just to be cautious. 
Omar Saad  Credit Suisse:  Great. And one last quick question. Do you think kind of this year aside with a lot of investments you are making, do you feel confident that you can get back to that 15% operating margin level next year and beyond? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  We started the conference call by saying, we feel very good about those investments and there is nothing in the short-term domestic pull back that would convince me otherwise. So much of that investment is positioned around very long-term strategies including our growth internationally. And I think the European example has worked beautifully. We're rapidly approaching that $1 billion target we all talked about a couple of years ago. We think the investments in Asia over the long-term are the right things to do, direct-to-customer in these new businesses that address the discrete channels. So, I don't believe any of those have changed. I don't believe any of our operating margin rates or targets will change. But sitting here today, I don't know whether this fall weather pattern/economic pattern will bleed into spring or not. But fundamentally our goals and our objectives and our current expectations are unchanged. 
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse:  Thank you. Best of luck. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay. Thanks Omar. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Glick of Buckingham Research. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  Good morning Roger. Just a little bit of follow-up on the Wholesale channel. Can you give us year-over-year inventories are obviously in great shape. Can you give us some color on the inventory levels in your retail partners and the department store channel? And then your evaluation of the Q3 assortments from a fashion perspective here in mens versus womens versus what you're seeing in early selling on holiday. And are you seeing any pressures from your partners to go back on goods or the goods flowing smoothly into the channel? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Hey, just to be clear. Are you talking about our third quarter or their third quarter? 
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  That's the their third quarter. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay. Well, I am interested to see what's reported tomorrow with comp store sales for October myself. But absent that piece of information I think Dave, what I would say about our mens assortment, and I said it earlier, our mens business has held up very nicely around the world, and domestically it's been the strength of the year-to-date. I think our fall deliveries, which for us was second quarter, their third quarter, generally tend to be heavier in weight. And I think with the warmer weathers that we've experienced and the record-breaking heat, I think we didnt move through those as well as we would have planned. Then I think the stores we're taking more aggressive actions to clear that through as we begun to receipt cruise, holiday transition product in early November. The business on that product has started to pick up. So, we're encouraged about the quality of what we are delivering, the early consumer reaction, and feel like moving through that fall product aggressively both in our stores and in Wholesale channels the right decision. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  And is there any pressure on going back on goods on the retailers part, or are they getting... are the inventories under control for the most part? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes. I think the Retailer, Ralph Lauren product in mens, womens, home, kids, all of the categories is the backbone of their business. We work very hard to edit the doors we're in, build the right kind of shops, put in the right support, the right kind of selling. So, we're comfortable with the [inaudible] through our third and fourth quarter and the plans that are in place to have that product sold through. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  And if you were to do that same in the Lauren assortments for fall. What kind of feedback can you give us? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Well, I would say against the backdrop of our softer womens here in general, I think that is applied for Lauren as well. Here again the fall product which tends to be heavier, now we're working hard to sell that through and receive the holiday, cruise first two weeks of November depending on how your calendar. That product has begun to check at retail better than the fall product. I also think as we have developed the Lauren jeans line and attempted to create clarity between where one line starts and the other ends, I think we've left sort of middle range of products there that we're readdressing with the holiday product and then into spring. That I think will better capture that piece of the business, which I think may have gone lost in our attempts to bifurcate the two lines. So, we're feeling better about the go forward position there as well. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  And last question. As the weather has pulled off last week, particularly in the Midwest and Northeast and into this week, are you starting to see more footsteps or are you getting color from your partners that the traffic levels are starting to rebound as the weather normalizes? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, we have. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  Great. Okay. Thanks and good luck. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  We will take our next question from Brian McGough of Morgan Stanley. 
Brian McGough  Morgan Stanley:  Yes. Thanks, this is Brian McGough. Hi, everybody. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Hi Brian. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  I thought I heard this right. But when you talked about the Wholesale margins, excluding the non-cash amortization, were the margins up? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes. First quarter and second quarter. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  How? I mean with everything that has happened out there at Retail, I mean where did you see margin strength? I mean... you guys have moved to a model over the past two, three years where you basically took your markdowns close to zero, really. I'm going to assume there has been pretty much no change there... 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  We have great management, what can I tell you. And I think Brian the reason we isolated the operating margins there, which are very high to begin with and really credit to Jackwyn Nemerov and her team, who have many years of experience. I think it's also a great testimony to the supply chain improvements we've made over the last four or five years. So, I think through logistics and distribution through how we deliver product to the customer. So, even with the integration of the Chaps business, which I know initially there was a concern that might dilute the profit margins of our Wholesale business. I think you've seen and will continue to see not only healthy margin rates, but the expansion I think that business can provide. So, that is one of the true examples of the integration of what's going on here even in difficult times. I think it is also fair to say, Brian, that we have had strength in our European business, where the business has not experienced any of the issues. We've just spent some time talking about domestically, and as you know that comes with a higher margin. So, the combination of all that and my hats off to really the people managing that here, Wholesale and our supply chain people. It's really quite impressive given the environment. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Great. A couple more... just I was hoping, Roger, can you just talk a bit more strategically next year? I mean you guys have a lot coming down the pipe, you've got.... Hello you there? 
Operator:  We're experiencing technical difficulty. Please standby by. [Technical Difficulty] 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  I'm sorry Brian, if you can hear me. We got cut off on this end for the last few minutes and you were in the middle of asking a follow-up question to the wholesale margins. So, if you're still there, could you repeat the question? 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Your line is open. 
Brian McGough  Morgan Stanley:  Okay, am I on? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Sorry Brian. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  Yes, don't worry about it. Actually I spent the past couple of minutes just kind of talking to the broader audience about what your plan is for the next two years? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thank you for doing that. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  Yes. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  We didn't pay our bill, we got cut-off. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  Question I think on the... 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  We had a lot on our plate and then you got cut-off. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  Yes, so just next year like from I guess more of a strategic standpoint. So, you got what you're doing on the footwear side, you have dresses, you have americanliving.com. I mean there is... would you talk a little bit more about a few of the other call options you have out there like handbags and also your other Japanese license and anything else that you are eyeing from a strategic standpoint and where you might be headed? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay, well again I apologize for the line going dead. The two major additional call outs that we've talked about before and we continue to look towards is the end of the long-term handbag license that runs out of the end of December [inaudible] at which point we will be able to wholesale and third party the collection handbag business that we've been doing at this point and our own stores only, as well as we are free to develop other brands and other product categories of handbags such as... which relate to our apparel businesses. So, we're definitely committed to doing that. And we'll talk in February about when that product will launch, it will not launch in spring. We will look to wholesale selectively and are negotiating hopefully, successfully for those key locations on a worldwide basis for fall of Calendar 2008. We are also looking very hard at the other licensed Japanese businesses, the bulk of which are really the Kids business and some smaller other businesses. Those licenses expire at the end of February, which is an opportune time for us to look to bring that into our Japanese business model. And so all of those will be looked at for our fiscal '09 planning and we'll talk about those in more detail in February. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, last very, very quick one. As far as your tax rate goes, your tax rate is really high and as I look at other multinationals, it's hard to find one that even has a tax rate over 32%, even over 30%. As you guys move forward with your plans for the next two to three years and a greater portion of your profit comes from Europe and Asia, shouldn't your tax rate start to approach 30% instead of upward [inaudible] 40%? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  That sounds great, Brian. Yes, I mean as you know the federal tax rate is 35%. So, as we have discussed previously and as disclosed in our 10-Q filings, FIN 48 obviously is a big piece of the tax rate increase for us. And we're doing some tax planning as it relates to our Asia business as we expand there and certainly hope to do some tax planning both there as well as in the US. So it's a primary focus of the organization to over time as we expand globally, realize some of the other benefits that other multinationals realize. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley:  Thanks. 
Operator:  And our next question comes from Liz Dunn of Thomas Weisel. 
Liz Dunn  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Hi, good morning. I wanted to get an update on some of the other initiatives. What's going on with the jeans business and just as a follow-up to Brian's question, the launch of the handbags. Why are they not launching until fall, is it just so much on your plate that you wanted to give it the full attention, and so it's going to be fall, and with that do you risk potentially losing some of the existing floor space? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay Liz. I would say in answer to the handbags question. Your assessment is correct. We have so much on our plate. In order to organize ourselves to conduct a Wholesale handbag business, a lot of time and energy, but at the moment it is going into a lot of other subjects that we detailed here this morning in the past call. So, for us it is a matter of capacity in our effort to do it right, we think that's the right timing. The jeans business is an interesting business where we discontinued the Polo Jeans in the US market and have worked our way through that. We have been building and pushing Lauren Jeans to our comparable distribution points to the Lauren Sportswear, and I think that line in general has been well received. But I think going forward we've got some points of view about getting it more narrowly focused for that customer profile on the doors we are in for spring and beyond. I also think in the mens business, we're doing Polo Denim under the heading of our Polo Sportswear. I think we have gone through some iterations there about fit and washes and prices, all of which has been very helpful to us in shaping where we want to go in the future with that business. So, I think both mens and womens as it relates to that remain big opportunities and we're pushing forward. At the same time, we've also expanded the Denim representation on our kids business in Rugby and in Blue Label. So, we've got components of Denim running through all other businesses. At the very high-end, we have got Double RL. We're at the moment we're retailing it in vertical home stores, and we're looking to expand that, and we have it wholesaled in selective high-end specialty stores. So, from the top of the pyramid down through some of the more moderate price points, we are seeing the positive impact of the Denim business we rolled back into the company. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay. And then just my second question relates to Japan. Can you talk about where you are in terms of building the infrastructure and staffing and just all the things that you need to do sort of from a more qualitative standpoint? Where are you, what have you learned from, how you proceeded with Europe and when do you expect to be sort of fully staffed up and from an infrastructure perspective, where you need to be to really execute on that business? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay. Well, the update on Japan since the acquisition is as follows. I think we've done all the homework we need to do in terms of the current business, the points of distribution, the quality of the inventory and the way the brand is positioned. I think we have a lot of activity right now in the sourcing area and are looking at how we transition the manufacturing of those goods into our worldwide manufacturing network. We've done a lot of work and are moving quickly through the logistics and distribution of how goods come into the country, how they are processed. There are different laws in Japan in terms of inspection levels and content labels, but we're working through that. I think we're moving quickly, particularly based on what we've learned in Europe. We are moving from three distribution centers in Japan down to one, and we think we'll begin to see some efficiencies there. We've relocated our European IT head to Japan since he went through all the systems convergence that we did in Europe over the last five or six years to help jumpstart IT conversions to our global network. And now we're working on a group of people who will help integrate the merchandise strategies, buy door planning strategies that we've used affectively both in the United States and Europe to really go door by door and work on the assortments, which for the most part will impact fall of next year. So, we're using the playbook that has worked for us both in the United States and in Europe. We are looking to take learnings from our [inaudible] store which Tracey talked about and is running strong double-digit increases. And we're planning that through the rebuilding of the management team, their priorities, their focus and that will dictate the capital spending as we go forward.  At the same time, we are looking to position our platform to be able to expand as these new licenses expire at the end of February as Brian asked earlier. So, lots going on in Japan. Nevertheless, it's a challenge sometimes of the language barriers to work through interpreters and all the cultural issues. But I think they're very enthusiastic in Japan about the changes, and I think we're going to play that out over the next planning period pretty aggressively. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  And longer term, you still feel that your business can be sort of the third Asia, a third Europe and a third US? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  I do. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay, great. Thanks good luck. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Margaret Mager of Goldman Sachs. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Hi. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Good morning. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Good morning. A couple of questions. Let us see. As far as the outlook for the second half of the year in the adjustment in your sales guidance, can you... are you also making adjustments in how you're going to launch the American Living initiative and could you talk about that? Will there be fewer doors, less merchandising, how are you what kind of adjustments are you making? And then second question related to that. I don't think you made any expense adjustments in your outlook. And I am just wondering what are you doing on the expense side, and what is your contingency plan if the environmental doesn't meet your revised expectations? Thanks. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  All right, good question. Margaret, is this still your swan song? 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Yes, this would be it. So... 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  I do know whether I have a drum roll or 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  I think for you guys... 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Emphasis into my answers here. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  This is 40 consecutive quarters. So, congratulations on your ten-year anniversary. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Well, thank you. And our ten-year public anniversary and our 40th year in business has been quite a year. But let me answer the American Living question first Margaret. We are making no changes. The door counts, the merchandise plans, the merchandise presentations initiatives, the advertising and launch characteristics and the first year media plan are all unchanged. As a matter of fact, I think that Pennys is dealing this launch even more enthusiastic given the environment has a bit of little up and down. And I think their enthusiasm has grown, particularly after we show the summer line, which back up the spring line. So, all systems go on American Living. We are obviously hard at work since this early November and a lot of that product has to be coming through the supply chain now in order to be here to deliver that February launch, and hats off to our wholesale and manufacturing people who have been able to pull that of at this point. Everything is tracking on time and looks good. The second piece of your question, which is the expense piece, I don't think we directly talked about that in terms of the back half of the year. I think what we're trying to do in terms of dealing with our concern about a softer environment perhaps is look at things that will be called discretionary or flexible spending in order to try to work against the sales and margins issues. What I don't think we're doing Margaret at this point is making any radical decisions that would cut into the muscle or the fiber of the company. I don't think a slight softening in the environment is going to cause us to do that. And as all of you have pointed out, given all the things we have on our plates and all of the resources that are being applied to that, I think that will be incredible short-term and imprudent. If the environment God forbid continued on this way for a long time, I think we'd come up with some different answers. So, at this point that's our approach. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Okay, so as far as the change in the outlook from a high teens fiscal year revenue to low teen mid teens down to low teens in the full year, the adjustment is all from the US market, and it's not from American Living, so therefore it's all from the Wholesale department store or Channel? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  Wholesale and Retail. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, I think, Margaret, we have taken a view of our own Retail, taken our sales forecast down a tick and we will see what happens. We don't know from day-to-day, but we will see what happens. Our original plans were built on a comp that was in the 5% to 7% range domestically, which is consistent with what we have been running. And I think we are looking more at a 3% to 5% kind of a comp storage number domestically. And so we'll see what happens, but that's the view we've taken in terms of third and fourth quarters. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Europe and Asia remain unchanged and American Living remains unchanged. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks. And if you wouldn't mind, one bigger picture question on the e-commerce strategy, which you highlighted as one of your key go-forward initiatives. The business is trending up 28% as we speak. Is it actually big enough to move the needle on the overall company topline? Is it contributing 1%, 2% to the total, say, that low teens aggregated revenue increase you're expecting? And if you could talk about just... as you see this strategy unfolding, when does it actually become big enough to become a needle mover in terms of sales? Thanks. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay, well that's a good question, because we made a very early commitment to the online business back in 2000, and we spent a couple of years really learning and investing in how that would operate. So, we are very proud six, seven years later of what that business has become. In terms of size, it is still only about 4% of the company's sales. So, despite the fact that its experiencing terrific topline growth, its impact on the overall company result at this point is relatively small. I think our desire to see that as a huge platform of the future speaks to why we bought the 50% back from our partner that we didn't own. I think it speaks to our commitment to building a state-of-the-art call center and customer service center in Greensboro, North Carolina, which has the capacity to be doubled in size in the future if we need it. All of that is because we believe it is here to stay and we've got a running head start on that business unlike any others who are now trying to get into it. We think it is an integral part of branding, communicating and doing business. There is no doubt that in future years, people are going to get their information and make their decisions more off of various online communications, whether its a computer or a cell phone or any other media. And I think we are positioned and believe it's going to be a big business. At the same time because of the strong foundation we've built here, we are looking at the international opportunities and studying those to better see how it reflects on our global ambitions as a company. And so with the strength of Europe and the strength of our business there and the investments we've made, we are looking hard at what role e-commerce can be in that market both for commercial sales and profit as well as promoting the brand. So, a lot of very exciting things going on there, but as you know, that keeps changing, and that business keeps evolving and we're trying to stand on top of it. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  You already have a great website. So, good luck with all of that going forward and I appreciate the well wishes, Roger. And hope to see guys. Take care. Thank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thank you. Good luck. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Robert [inaudible] of Lehman Brothers. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, good morning Roger. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Hi Robert. 
Unidentified Analyst:  The question that I have right now is, when you look at the third quarter and the fourth quarter, what is the contribution from the acquisition expected to the wholesale part of the business versus what we've seen in the last... even in the most recent quarter? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  What's the organic growth and then how much on top of that? 
Unidentified Analyst:  Yes. What are the... in the high-single-digit wholesale assumption, how much is the organic versus what you're getting on the acquisition side? I think we saw 10 points of acquisition. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes. I think we'll have to break that out off-line and get back to you. We don't have it in front of us. You have a second question? 
Unidentified Analyst:  No. That will be it for me. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay. 
Unidentified Analyst:  Thank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thank you. 
Operator:  We'll take our next question from Virginia Genereux of Merrill Lynch. 
Virginia Genereux  Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. And good job in this difficult environment. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Hi Virginia. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch:  How are you Roger and Tracy? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  Hi. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch:  Hey, I've got a question on owned-retail if I may. Can you guys tell us sort of how many or what percent of sales of the 303 stores or 302 stores are international? And sort of follow on to that. Roger, if you... it looks like Retail margins will be down a little bit this year, even adjusting for the acquisition noise. Yes. I know some of that is, Roger, the investment in the fulfillment center for RL Media and stuff. You're also I think opening more stores. As you look out to next year, Roger, do you think retail margins can improve from this year's level kind of weighing the dotcom falloff and investment falloff and against accelerated door growth? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay. Well, the first part of your question. About 10% of the doors at the moment are international retail doors, the rest are domestic. Of the 302, call it 30 to 35 in either Europe or Asia that are owned. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. Right. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  And we'd look to expand that going forward. In terms of the Retail margins, when you take out the dotcom fulfillment center and you take out the accounting charges that come with the acquisition of the 50% of RL Media because that's running through the Retail P&L. And you look at some expense of real estate that we've committed to in Paris that won't open until the fall of '09, but in order to secure these unique locations, we have to commit to that at the early part of this year. And we are now going through the permitting process, because they're sort of historic buildings. If you net all that out, I think what you're seeing is a slight dip in the gross profit rate due to markdowns in the second quarter and/or depending on the customer third and fourth quarter reactions, I think we are going to see more markdowns this year than last year when we were running at 7% to 9% comps. So if our forecast of 3% to 5% comp comes true, some of that will result in product we will have a clear in the third and fourth quarter. So, there will be some margin dip. Assuming next year it doesn't have those one-offs that Ralph Lauren Media and the fulfillment center and the accounting and some of these real estates, I would like to think the margins are going to come back to more normalized levels. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch:  That's great. Thank you. You are coming from a great year last year in terms of no door openings and stuff. And then secondly if I may Roger, if I... let's talk about business sort of pro forma. I mean I think at this year we're kind of 75% US and Canada and 25% international. And maybe next year, it's a little more international. But I have tried to include Japan. So, my question is could you segment the US business Roger. You mentioned kind of you got the middle customer who's tougher, high-end, holding up. But if I take that 70%, 75% say that's kind of US, how do you guys think about your customer exposure? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Well, I think Virginia, it's a good question. We think we are balanced in the way we are touching customers at different price points and different channels. Our own stores plus high end distribution like ASACs or Neiman or our online business all represents the best way for the high-end customer to [inaudible] to touch down. And so we continue to invest in that, because we think that's an important part of the market, and we think that's where our growth is. At the same time, you have all read about the door count expansion at Coles, the number of doors that are being talked about at the Penny's, I think between the two chains in next five years... 
Operator:  Please stand by. [Technical Difficulty] 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Virginia, Can you hear us? We got cut off again. 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch:  Can you guys hear me? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, thank you. I don't know why we keep getting cut off. I'm now standing 15 feet away from the phone. What I was saying when I think I got cut-off, correct me if I'm wrong, is the Coles and Pennys announced door expansion which... if I added up right are about 750 doors over the next five years represents significant opportunities. And I think we are uniquely positioned to give them full lifestyle brands. Bigger than anybody else I can think of that can cover men's, women's, home, kids, accessories and all the pieces and parts. So, I think our opportunity to position ourselves in that channel is going to pay great dividends for the corporation. I think in the middle channel, the question is when you get done with integrations and mergers and name plate changes, I think that channel can win. I think that it has been going through a lot of people in the last couple of years. They quite frankly have Ralph Lauren well positioned in key departments. So I think to the domestic question, I think we are well positioned in the merchandise categories we want to be in, and I think we are well positioned in the channels of distribution we want to be in.  We are obviously adding incremental investment to the high end of that pyramid. And we think that is the right place for us to be not only domestically, but on a worldwide basis. So, that is the strategy we've embarked on and we feel good about it. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch:  That's great. And then just last one I think following on [inaudible]. Tracey I think your gains at least for the next quarter, I think by our math implies that the core that the ex-acquisition that the Wholesale business will be down actually versus kind of the 6% or 7% year-to-date growth. But maybe there is some shipping dynamic going on there. Is that indicative of retailer demand I mean are orders getting cut like that or is there... I mean should we think about that, does that have implications for the rate of growth over the next couple of quarters? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  Virginia, you're right. It does given the fact that Japan for the first three quarters is relatively the same in terms of sales volumes, it does imply that the Wholesale channel will be flat to slightly down. As Roger said, it's not a matter of cancellations on our part as it relates to the Wholesale orders. It is a more conservative outlook in terms of sell-throughs. Obviously we've some incremental markdowns in our third quarter numbers from a Wholesale standpoint, so that's really what's driving the softness. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  I think Virginia the only thing I would add to Tracey's comment is that the 7% we've been running through the first six months to relatively flat third quarter and then the spike in the fourth quarter. Some of that is affected by the shipping patterns in Europe, because Europe has a very small first and third quarter and then has very large second and fourth quarters. So, the growth of Europe, which is embedded in the second quarter numbers lessens in the third quarter, because they have a very small quarter, and then it's projected to come on strong again in the fourth quarter. So, some of that is the event flow of the international businesses running against the more steady domestic business. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch:  Thanks, that is what I was thinking. Thank you all. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Okay. 
Operator:  And we'll take our next question from Jeff Edelman of UBS. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  Thank you, good morning. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Good morning Jeff. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  Would you discuss the growth that the European business has had in the quarter, what that contributed overall, and what kind of currency impact we might have seen both at the top and bottomline? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, I would say that the European wholesale business, which represented during the quarter about 30% of our business in the quarter, ran at about 11% increase. So, you can do the math on the total business, it was better than the 7% normalized number. And its contribution is growing. The currency impact, which Tracey can give you, is relatively modest. And also it's relatively modest on our bottomline, because what we get is a positive through the conversion of the profit back in the US dollars, you know, is offset by the increase in the cost of goods for all the products, whether it's raw material or finished products we make out of Europe that is going the other way in hurting us. So, the net profit impact is relatively modest in Europe at the moment. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  About 2% of the growth, Jeff. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  Okay. Thank you. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  In the wholesale segment. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  Right. Okay, thank you. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  Revenue growth. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  And then Tracey. Again as we think about the fourth quarter revenues, I know what you said about shift in timing of the European shipments. But it looks as if the year-over-year growth in your third quarter up about $50 million. Fourth quarter up about $200 million. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  In the fourth quarter, we are shipping American Living. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  You're right. Okay. So, that is still a good chunk of that in the fourth quarter? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Apples-to-apples. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  Yes. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  Right. Okay. Just wanted to clarify that. Thank you. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  The net dresses and other products, Jeff. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes. The only other thing I'd say about these quarterly numbers. Because of the 53rd week at Retail, that last week in the quarter does shift meaningfully from quarter-to-quarter against prior year comparison. So, although it is certainly a number to look at, I wouldn't get too invested in it. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS:  Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thanks Jeff. I think we are going to ask for a couple more questions since the phone line got disconnected twice. So, are there just a couple more questions operator? 
Operator:  There are few more questions. We'll take our next one from Christine Chen. 
Christine Chen  Needham and Company:  Thank you. Sorry about the technical difficulties. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  You're back. 
Christine Chen - Needham and Company:  I'm back, yes. I'm not sure what happened. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  We got your telephone cold. 
Christine Chen - Needham and Company:  Yes, exactly. Wanted to ask if you could help clarify. There was some speculation going on in the investor base at the end of September surrounding either a change in friends and family or your employee discount policy. Just wondering if you could share what changed and when you begin to anniversary that and what impact that has for the second half of the year? And then if you could give us an update on footwear, is it still expected to be neutral for this year and then accretive next year? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  I'll answer the footwear question first. We are very excited about the results coming back from the Las Vegas show and I think your assessment of that is correct. So, we are feeling good about next year's impact. Two points on the employee discount on the friends and family. One, we added an employee discount to every full-time employee in the company. So that they can now shop in our stores to make sure that all the benefits and perks of the company are even across all levels of the organization, and that was a change we've been studying for several years. Up until that point, we had a discount policy but at a very limited basis, partly because of the number of employees we have and the relatively small number of stores we have that they could shop in. We were afraid that the large New York population all in discounts could swamp and blow holes in our inventory in a handful of stores. We don't have Macys Herald square or Bloomingdales 59th Street for employees to shop at. But we think we got to the point where that would be an appropriate decision, and so we made that. And that is a change that we have contemplated for a long time.  Separately, we did put friends and family back into the end of September that we had dropped last year when the business was running so strongly. And we did it in an effort to move through some of the fall goods that based on weather we are not selling as well, and we continue to look at that as an occasional way to move through goods if necessary. 
Christine Chen - Needham and Company:  And then Rugby, can you comment on how Rugby performed during the quarter, we were very excited to get one in San Francisco? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Oh, boy. Have you been in that store yet? 
Christine Chen - Needham and Company:  Yes. We spent money. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Good. We like that. The store we opened in San Francisco has done very well, it's sort of central casting for a Rugby location and we've had strong results since that store has been open. I think Rugby performed well given the same weather issues and the fact that the bulk of the stores are kind of a Northeast and Midwest in nature. But we continue to be very positive and enthusiastic about where that business can go and the reaction to the San Francisco store is encouraging. 
Christine Chen - Needham and Company:  Would you ever consider breaking out same-store sales for Rugby separately? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, I think when the comp number gets big enough to mean something. I think in its embryonic stage, it's not that meaningful given the small store count, but eventually will, sure. 
Christine Chen - Needham and Company:  Okay, great. Well, thank you. Good luck. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  And we'll go now to Kate McShane of Citigroup. 
Kate McShane - Citigroup:  Hi good morning. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Good morning, Kate. 
Kate McShane - Citigroup:  Just one quick question. Most of them have been answered already. There were a few comments about the second quarter retail gross margins... second quarter retail gross margins being down? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes. 
Kate McShane - Citigroup:  It was mentioned before that markdowns is the reason for the outlook for the rest of the year, but was it markdowns in the second quarter or was it more a product mix that weigh down gross margins for this category? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  The gross margin or the operating profit? Gross margin? 
Kate McShane - Citigroup:  Gross margin. Yes. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer:  It was slightly related to markdowns. And again as Roger said before, with the more conservative comp outlook for retail from the back half of the year, if that materializes and obviously with that will become a greater level of markdown. So, that is what you are saying in the actual... for the second quarter as well as forecast. 
Kate McShane - Citigroup:  Okay. Thank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Right operator. We will take one more question, if there is one. 
Operator:  Yes. Your last question comes from Jeff Klinefelter of Piper Jaffray. 
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray:  Yes, good morning, thank you for this one last question. Just very briefly, Roger on your European and Asian businesses. Any quick thoughts on the pace of growth, the structure of that growth? We know it's very different in the mall based environment and even some of the street real estate here in the US. Are you looking at your own stores, are you looking at shop and department stores, any franchise opportunities to accelerate the real estate strategy a little bit in either or both of those global markets? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer:  Yes, it's a great question to ask and end on, because one of the realities is, each of those markets is different and they are different from each other. So, we are trying to operate with the philosophy that where we can own and control and run it ourselves, we will. And where we think we need partners, which we thought we did in Moscow, there are other parts of Eastern Europe, Istanbul and places like that we are looking at or made any partners, then we will look to work with somebody who has got a unique local expertise that can add value. And I think given the nature of the distribution in Europe being more specialty store, there are definitely high end specialty stores in markets [inaudible]. They have the real estate, they have the customer contacts, they've got the selling associates. And so we will look to do that in a way to accelerate our business since we've been so well received by the European market. Where you're talking about major commitments in markets like Paris, I think those are ones that we want to own and operate ourselves. I think in Asia, Asia is also a complex part of the world. The issues in Japan are quite different than China, which are quite different than Australia. So, each market brings with it a different strategy, but the headline is where we can own and operate it and think we can deliver the value to the customer and our shareholders, we will do it. If not we'll look to accelerate with the right kind of more creative business model.  And so, with that thank you all for staying on the call a little longer. I'm sorry we got cut off twice. I am not quite sure why that happened. Hope everybody goes out to the stores and shops aggressively. So, look forward to talking to you at the end of the third quarter in February. Thanks. 
Operator:  We appreciate your joining us for today's Polo Ralph Lauren second quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-08-09 09:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: James Hurley - PLR IR   Roger N. Farah - President and COO   Tracey T. Travis - CFO 
Analysts: Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley   David Glick - Buckingham Research   Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch   Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs   Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers   Omar Saad - Credit Suisse   Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners   Gabrielle Kivitz - Deutsche Bank   Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC   Jeff Edelman - UBS   Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates 
Operator: Good morning and thank you for calling the Polo Ralph Lauren first quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. All lines will be in a listen-only function during the presentation today. At the end of the presentation we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions on how to ask a question will be given at that time. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Hurley. Please go ahead sir. 
James Hurley - PLR Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us today on Polo Ralph Lauren's first quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. The agenda for the call includes Roger Farah, our President and Chief Operating Officer, will give you an overview of the quarter and comment on our broader strategic initiatives. And then Tracey Travis, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide operational and financial highlights from the first quarter in addition to reviewing our expectations for the remainder of the year. After that we will open the call up for your questions.  As you know, we will be making some forward-looking comments today, including our financial outlook. The principal risks that could cause our result to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings. And now I would like to turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Jim and good morning. We are pleased to be reporting strong financial results today. We delivered 12% sales growth with a strong retail comp of 7.6% and we reported 11% diluted EPS growth during the first quarter. We are particularly pleased with our first quarter performance, both in wholesale and retail given the more challenging domestic environment. Internationally our business continues to be strong across all regions of Europe and most parts of Asia.  Our first quarter results reflect underlying growth in our core Ralph Lauren businesses, the near-term dilutive impact of recent acquisitions that position us for strong long-term growth, and sustained investment in new initiatives, whether it be emerging retail concepts or new product initiatives like American Living, dresses or watches, as well as acquisitions like Japan and small leather goods.  Even as we invest for growth, our balance sheet and cash flows remain robust and we achieved an LPM ROI of 32% at the end of the first quarter of fiscal '08. As I stated before, our fiscal 2008 is very much an investment year, both financially and operationally as we continue to execute on three main strategies -- one, expanding our direct-to-consumer businesses; two, growing our international businesses; and three, developing new merchandise categories with discrete channels of distribution. The expansion of our direct-to-consumer businesses is clearly paying off, evidenced by our strong same-store sales gains and the continued growth of Ralph Lauren Media. We are investing capital for new store openings and the new distribution center for Ralph Lauren Media, which should be up and running by the end of calendar 2007.  On the international front, the momentum in Europe for both our wholesale and retail operations across all product categories is encouraging. Sales in France and Italy, perhaps two of the most competitive luxury markets in the world, were very strong during the quarter and we opened two very successful Moscow stores that cater to our lead luxury customers. We still believe we are under-penetrated in Europe relative to other luxury brands.  While we are still assimilating our recent Japanese acquisitions, we have made progress organizationally since taking full ownership of Impact 21 in late May, as we have already begun to identify efficiencies across our logistics and sourcing operations. Japan has great potential for us and our primary focus remains on improving merchandising and planning, the benefits of which we hope to see materialize over the next few years. We believe the opportunities in Japan will mirror the success we have achieved in Europe.  Global Brand Concepts is a new business that was created early this year and that's something we believe can grow into a big business since it plays into our industry-leading strengths of branding, creativity, and world-class execution. We are very excited about the positive feedback we received from JC Penney as we just completed our first American Living market last week. This is a massive undertaking for our organization and I am extremely grateful to all the employees who really went the extra mile to ensure the American Living launch was spectacular. We presented the entire collection of men's, women's, children's, home and accessory in one presentation that really set the tone and lifestyle direction for this new brand.  The product looks fantastic and we are eager for JC Penney customers to be introduced to the product with the first delivery expected in stores spring 2008. Of course we are already working on fall 2008 on American Living merchandise, but we really could not be happier with how we've executed on this important new initiative. Our organization is unique in its ability to strategize and execute on such a large scale multi-category launch. This is really a competitive advantage.  The clarity of products we create for discrete channels of distributions from luxury to global brand concepts is unmatched. As I mentioned in this morning's earnings release, we are engaged in strengthening the foundation of our business to support long-term growth. As always, remain focused on executing with excellence throughout the entire company. I echo Ralph's statement in today's release that even as we enter our 40th anniversary and our 10th year as a public company, our prospects for long-term growth are getting stronger.  Now let me turn the call over to Tracey to discuss the financial and operational highlights of this quarter. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Roger and good morning everyone. I know you have seen our press release, but let me just highlight for you the driver of our first quarter net income and earnings per share performance. For the quarter, we achieved consolidated net revenues of $1.07 billion, an increase of 12% over the prior year's period. As you are aware, during the quarter, we completed our Japanese business transactions and our small leather goods acquisition, and those businesses are now reflected in our GAAP reported results.  Excluding the impact of these non-comp acquisitions, first quarter net revenues increased 7%. International markets continue to be important drivers of top line growth, especially in Europe. And our menswear product experienced strong sales performance globally.  We also benefited from sustained momentum in our directly operated retail stores where consolidated comps were up 7.6% during the quarter. Our gross profit dollars increased 11% to $592 million and our gross profit rate declined 40 basis points to 55.3%. The decrease in the gross profit rate is due to the effect of purchase accounting related to our recent acquisitions. Excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, our gross profit rate increased slightly, primarily due to our European wholesale performance in the quarter.  First quarter operating expenses increased 12% to $446 million compared to $398 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2007. As a result, operating expenses as a percent of revenues were 41.7%, relatively flat to last year. The higher operating expenses primarily reflect costs incurred in connection with our recent acquisitions, including the non-cash effect of purchase accounting. They also include startup expenses related to new products launching in the fourth quarter, as well as overall growth in the core businesses.  Operating income increased 9% to $146 million. Operating margin was 13.6% compared to 14% in the first quarter last year, representing a 40 basis point decrease due to the effect of purchase accounting related to the acquisitions. Excluding the impact of the recent acquisitions, our operating margin increased 100 basis points to 15%, driven primarily by the gross profit rate expansion in Europe, as well as some leveraging of expenses on our sales growth.  Net income for the quarter of fiscal 2008 increased 10% to $88 million and net income per diluted share increased 11% to $0.82. The growth in net income and diluted EPS results principally relate to the increase in the operating income I have already highlighted and includes the aggregate net dilutive effect of approximately $11 million or $0.10 per diluted share relating to all recent acquisitions, including Ralph Lauren Media, which was acquired at the end of the fourth quarter and the company's adoption of FIN 48 in the quarter, a new accounting standard for income taxes. So those are the total company results.  Now I'd like to spend a few minutes providing more insight into our segment highlights for the quarter. Beginning with our wholesale segment, our wholesale sales grew 17% to $574 million or 5% excluding the Japan and small leather goods acquisitions, which now fall into our wholesale segment and are non-comp. Our wholesale operating income increased 19% to $108 million as a result of the higher sales, and the margin flow through from those sales were somewhat mitigated by incremental SG&A expenses to support new product lines, as well as the cash effect of purchase accounting related to the Japan and small leather goods acquisitions.  Our European wholesale business was strong across all product category in both men's and women's, resulting in improved operating profitability in the region. In Japan, our menswear business is very strong across all brands, although women's has exhibited more mixed performance. As you know, we are actively working on improving the merchandising and presentation of our product in the Japanese wholesale doors, something we believe will have a beneficial impact on both sales and margins over the longer term.  Shifting to our retail segment, our retail group sales increased 9% to $450 million, and overall comp store sales increased 7.6%, reflecting an increase of 10.4% at Ralph Lauren stores, 6.4% at factory stores, and 8% Club Monaco stores. Consistent with the broader strength in the luxury marketplace, Purple Label, Women's Collection, Black Label, and Luxury Accessories were strong worldwide. Ralph Lauren Media sales were up 22% over the comparable period, driven primarily by strong menswear sales.  In June, we rebranded the name of our e-commerce website from polo.com to ralphlauren.com to better represent the broad array of luxury products now offered under the Ralph Lauren name.  Retail operating income was $64 million compared to $65 million in the first quarter last year and retail operating margin was 14.1% versus 15.7% last year. The declines in retail operating income and margin rate reflect the non-cash effect of purchase accounting associated with the acquisition of the minority interest in Ralph Lauren Media that we previously did not own.  Licensing royalties for the quarter were $46 million, an 8% increase, and operating income decreased 17 % to $22 million. The decline in licensing revenue and operating income was due to the effect of acquisitions, primarily relating to the Impact 21 acquisition, which is now consolidated as a part of the wholesale segment due to the successful tender offer we accomplished in May of this year. Excluding the effect of acquisitions, licensing revenue increased 11% to $56 million, and operating income grew meaningfully over that time period.  The under lying growth in licensing operations is principally related to an increase in eyewear-related royalties associated with our new Luxottica license launch. Our focus on building the business and improving margin performance as we have done over the past few years has resulted in our generating significant increases in operating cash flow, which, as we have mentioned before, we used to fund acquisitions, support the capital needs of our business, and more recently repurchase our own stock. During the first quarter invested $45 million in capital expenditures for shop installations, new stores, and infrastructure investments.  We also, as I mentioned, completed the tender offer of our Impact 21 Japanese business and our small leather goods business for a gross combined acquisition cost of approximately $370 million, including transaction costs related to those transactions. We expect to complete the Japan transaction by the end of the year for a total net cost of approximately $180 million, including Impact 21 cash on hand.  During the quarter, we also repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares of stock for $170 million. And we ended the first quarter with $643 million in cash or $74 million in net cash. As Roger said, we are pleased with the investments we have made in our business that yielded a return on investment of 32% as of the end of the first quarter.  Regarding our earnings outlook for the year, we continue expect revenues for fiscal 2008 to increase by mid-teen percentage. Our fiscal 2008 effective tax rate is now estimated to be approximately 39% compared to our prior guidance of 38% due to the impact of the company's adoption of FIN 48, which was finalized in the quarter. The estimated unfavorable impact from the prior guidance due to the higher tax rate is approximately $0.06 per diluted share. As a result, we now expect fiscal 2008 diluted earning per share to be in the range of $3.64 to $3.74 compared to our prior expectation of $3.70 to $3.80, incorporating the effect of the tax rate change.  Our full year diluted EPS guidance still include the $0.27 per share preliminary estimate of the unfavorable impact of the recent acquisitions due primarily to the non-cash amortization expense associated with purchase accounting for those transaction. Keep in mind, we expect this negative impact to be more pronounced during the first three quarters of the year, and in the second and third quarters in particular.  Roger spoke of fiscal 2008 as being one of investment... the year of investment for the company and we expect this to be reflected in our earnings results for the year. In terms of our earnings cadence for fiscal 2008, you should expect to see investment related to new business initiatives throughout the entire year with the first signs of revenue related to some of those investments beginning in the fourth quarter and continuing into fiscal 2009. This will result in suppressed earnings in the first three quarters of the year with our full earnings growth disproportionately weighted to the fourth quarter.  We provided more specific guidance on our second quarter expectations in this morning's press release, but I would like to review that guidance now. For the second quarter, we expect consolidated revenues to increase at a highest single-digit percentage rate. This reflect low teen percentage growth in wholesale, high single-digit percentage growth in retail, and a mid-teen percentage decrease in licensing.  Operating margins are expected to decline approximately 450 basis points as a result of the full effect of the purchase accounting related to the Japanese acquisition and Ralph Lauren Media, and related to the sustained investment in new business initiatives such as American Living and dresses.  And with that, I will turn back the call to Roger for questions and answers. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Before I take questions, I just want to thank Nancy Murray. For the last 8 years, she has been a tremendous asset for the company and a tremendous partner to both Ralph and I. She has worked extremely hard with integrity and passion, and has played an important role in the increased value of Polo Ralph Lauren. We will miss her and wish her the best in her new endeavors and we thank her for her tireless commitment. Now I will take questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator: Thank you. The question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator instructions]. In our first question today, we will hear from Brian McGough with Morgan Stanley. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Yes, hi, thanks a lot guys 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: I just have a couple of questions. One is actually on the retail business. The comps actually looked really good, yet the sales don't seem to really represent that. And I was wondering is there anything having to do with like new store additions and where they were... or when they were opened in the quarter that would cause new store productivity to maybe come off a little bit during the quarter? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the comps, as you said Bryan, were very strong at 7.6. I think the net store count for the quarter is impacted by the closing of the Polo Jeans chain, the closing of the remainder of the Club Monaco outlets and Caban stores. So the comp number really is reflective of the business, the new stores that we opened were fine. They were just offset against last year where we were just beginning the closing process on some of those other concepts. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then I guess on the upfront cost that you guys are putting in now, and it sounds like over the next two or three quarters. So you are front loading the costs of investment to fund the outer years, then I guess in the fourth quarter you just start to shift American Living, I think you get more of the wholesale sales from your new Japanese business relatively soon. So, is it fair to say that the costs are more front-loaded and the benefits are more back-loaded, and as the year moves forward we should see an accelerating operating profit growth? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think it's a good question. Let me separate the accounting issues from the investment side of your question. American Living, which we have been working on for the last six months and launched last week, a spectacular market week, we had over 200 people in the showroom when we unveiled it on Wednesday, it's been all day Thursday and Friday with the JC Penney folks who left their orders and then we spent the weekend, Saturday and Sunday, gathering those and putting them into work on Monday. So we've really had a well-oiled machine. The fact is that product that they saw in this market will not start shipping till our fourth quarter. While that's happening, we are also building and incurring the expense of a summer line and a fall line, all of which are being built behind it for September and November markets. So in essence, we are running multiple developments for multiple lines, all of which don't start seeing the first revenue shipments till spring. So that scenario is also pointing out the businesses like dresses and some of the others. So, yes, we are incurring the development startup costs really for the entire 12 months, and it's not just the development cost for the spring line, it's three and four lines of products that are being developed so that we can hit the timetable we need to. Once we start shipping in January, then we start shipping every month for next 12 months and for thereafter, and that plays out in dresses also. The businesses we acquired, i.e., Japan or small leather goods, are kind of a different story. Those businesses have revenues and they have got ongoing operations, but they are significantly impacted by the accounting issues with which Tracey can take you through. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: And Brian, just to follow up on what Roger has said, we talked on the last call about the purchase accounting and the magnitude of what our estimate of that would be for the year. About 75% of that will occur in the second and third quarter related to the Japan acquisitions as well as Ralph Lauren Media. So that is really suppressing in particular second and third quarter results for us related to the purchase accounting. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: And now just how should we think about that accounting? Is that a one-time adjustment or it is something that's going to flow through that we are going to see for ever? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, there are different elements to the non-cash purchase accounting related to the acquisitions. There are shorter term elements like the excess purchase price that's allocated to the license, as well as the step-up in the inventory and those tend be shorter term amortization items. In this case, it's about 6 months for Japan, which is the biggest impact that we are having this year. hen there are ongoing impacts related to purchase accounting, all of which we call out in our SEC financial results related to customer lists and -- etc. And those are amortized over longer periods of time. So, we will expect to see as we do related to some of our former acquisitions, Brian, ongoing purchase accounting, but nothing like what we are seeing this year. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then I guess just one last one. When we look at the Japanese business and we can their filings out there, thy had at one point a couple of years ago, I think 4 or 5 years ago, had... I think they had their gross margins near 50, they had operating margins in the low 20s, and now they've both lived 6 or 7 points to the point where they are at trough, trough margins right now, which is exactly when you want to be buying them back. I guess my question is it seems like you are investing the capital into them now when the businesses are at trough margins. Is it a safe assumption to assume that your goal to get those margin well above where they are now and closer to, if not above, where they were when they were operated by a licensee who was presumably under-investing in them? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: The answer is yes. We do expect the margins over time to come up. The margins have come down from their peak. Quite frankly, some of that was their operating results and some of that was a royalty rate that was increasing over the last couple of years that was coming to us anyway. But the investments that we plan on making time, energy, money and focus in Japan, we think is going to drive both top line and margins back or surpassing prior levels. 
Brian McGough - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I appreciate it guys. Thank you so much. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks. 
Operator: Next we will move to David Glick with Buckingham Research. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Good morning, and Nancy, good luck to you. It's great working with you. And just Roger, moving on to just quick follow-up questions on Q1. A couple of things stood out. The top line came in a little bit late relative to your guidance, particularly in licensing income, your guidance was mid-single digits, came in at minus 8%. Retail question you answered, also looking forward to Q2, the high single-digit top line is a little bit light relative to our expectations at least and a little bit lower than your Q1 results. Just... and clearly from your commentary earlier, from Tracey's commentary, the Q4 is going to be big quarter on top line. I was wondering if you could give us some color on why the top line was a little bit short in Q1 and a little bit of deceleration in Q2, and perhaps it's the US wholesale markets, some color on that would be very, very helpful. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, David, I will let Roger answer the US wholesale market question and I will talk to your question with respect to licensing royalties for the first quarter. I mentioned in my remarks that if you adjust out the impact of Japan, licensing revenue actually increased 11%. So when we gave our initial guidance, it included the licensing revenue associated with Impact 21 because we were able to upon the successful completion of the tender offer consolidate Impact 21 and back out the difference that we didn't own during the quarter in minority interest. We accounted for it differently. Therefore you see that pickup from the loss in... from the difference in the licensing revenue in our growth margin. So, there is just a flip between licensing revenue and gross margin actual versus our guidance. The gross margin line is actually relatively flat to the guidance that we gave. So there is no bottom line impact related to that. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Okay. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: I should let Tracey answer the rest of it, but she is insisting. I actually think that the sales reflected in our comp of 7.6% and our wholesale when you strip out the acquisitions of 5 [ph], it was pretty solid quarter given the turbulence in the market and I feel very good about the core strength of our businesses, putting aside the new initiatives. But it was an interesting spring summer. For the first time in a long time really men's as a merchandise category led the charge with woman's being on a secondary role. I think woman's has led the charge for many years before that. I think there was great strength in accessories around the industry. With home probably being the weakest business across all merchandise categories, but it was really the first year in a while that our business in men's, whether it was our own stores, polo.com, ralphlauren.com, Europe or even Club Monaco where the men's increases outpaced the woman's increases. I think there was a shift in the women's business to more casual, less career. And there certainly was a growth in the dress business, both of which lead to lower average unit sales or lower outfit costs than a career purchase. So, the little bit of a shift in the paradigm of the female business. Nevertheless, we ended up with an increase in woman's anyway. So I think against the backdrop of a spotty domestic market with the shift that Tracey is talking about in licensing, we actually delivered pretty nicely our revenues for the quarter. And really expect the core businesses to continue to performance. The wholesale visibility we have into forward bookings for fall and next spring are very solid and are in line where we expected. Clearly the American Living was a home-run and exceeded expectations. And I think Penney's was just shocked by the lifestyle representation of all merchandise category being shown in one location at the same time and that's unheard of because normally those markets come at different times during the summer. So I think we feel pretty good about the underlying strength of the business and where we are and just see this year as lots of noise in the numbers, but so far so good. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Okay, great. And one last question on denim, just curious how are you progressing there and reaction of the product for spring and your hopes for fall in that category? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: The denim category is an important one as it runs through really men's, women's and kids, and is now running through American Living and Rugby. It will continue to grow as a penetration in terms of our assortments. It's actually in the middle of sort of a trend change in the denim business away from some of the low rise and skinnier fits, and some of the washes are changing, and usually change in direction brings business because people's closets [ph] somewhat out of date. So we are hoping fall and into next spring begin to see the payoff for both Lauren Denim or Polo Denim, RRL at the high end, and then American Living at the new channel where we are distributing product. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research: Great, thanks Roger, and good luck. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: In our next question, we will hear from Virginia Genereux with Merrill Lynch. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Maybe Tracey, just to follow up quickly on revenue guidance, and I think folks are asking about it because you gave us a... for the first quarter, you gave us a guidance at the end of May. And I think you said at that time wholesale was going to be up high teens, and understandably it sounds like all the Japan business went from licensing into wholesale, but if I back out Japan then wholesale came in a little lighter. Is that totally understandably... is wholesale coming in a little lighter given some the trends you cited, Roger? It sound like JC Penney, American Living might be an offset to that, but is that the case? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: I'd have to break out the numbers and the level of details I don't have in front of me, Virginia. I don't really think the either domestic or international wholesale business came in lighter. I think the Japanese, putting that aside, or the small leather goods, putting that side, the organic 5% growth may be was... may be it's a tick light, but I don't think it's a fundamental issue, in many cases because of the 53rd week with the department store calendar has caused some havoc in the monthly cutoff of shipments, because when those 53rd weeks are now falling in their fiscal calendar versus our fiscal calendar, is causing some shipments by a week moving from one quarter to the next. I don't see it as more than some of that going on. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Geography. Okay, thank you Roger. Tracey, maybe on the purchase accounting side, I think on the last call and it was helpful giving us the flow by quarter, I think on the last call you said and I think in this release, preliminarily a $0.27 impact. And you said I think the $0.25 or so of that would fall off in fiscal '09. Is that still a fair... does that still match your best thinking 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Yes it does at this point in time. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Okay, the majority of it goes away. And then if I further try to quantify that, if I take your $0.27 in purchase accounting and say, all right, that's a $47 million kind of hit to EBIT and the offsets to that by my math, as I look at the Impact 21 numbers that business did $33 million its last fiscal year, 20% of which you owned. So you guys were... that business is going to contribute an incremental $26 million assuming things are flat and my estimate of the other half of RL Media that you now own was about $11 million in profit. So -- 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: So you are already modeling next year, Virginia. I that -- 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Well, no, I an just trying to figure out where you... my question, Roger, I am sorry, is going to be the purchase accounting understandably is making... is leaving these acquisitions dilutive this year. Right? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Right. 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Okay. Just to remind everybody, the $0.27 was a net number. So it included the purchase accounting and it also included the impact of the business, the pickup of the business, so it's a net impact to us related to the elimination of the minority interest and the consolidation of the business. So, that was in that number. I also called out on the last call Virginia a $61 million number that was the pure purchase accounting estimate at the time. The number is still reasonably close to that. And then as I mentioned earlier in the remarks, about 75% of that purchase accounting impact, not the $0.27 net impact but the purchase accounting impact will be occurring in the second and third quarter. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, it's helpful. And then about 40... low 40s of that $61 million will follow way next year 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Based on your... okay, okay. Got that. thank you. And then back to the core... back to sort of the core operations of Japan and RL Media, what do you need to do... Roger, you mentioned we got a new DC for Polo... ralphlauren.com, how quickly can the margins expand in those businesses? I mean, can you talk about each one sort of Japan and --? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes well, the RL Media and again, Tracey can talk to or has covered the accounting issues. The big issue for us in RL Media is we were third party distribution in customer servicing call center. So that was an efficient, but expensive way of handling customer orders. When we decided to bring all of that function in house, call centers, customer service, and distribution, we embarked on an analysis of how to do that and how put that into play. That begins in October-November through March of next year. That begins to come online in pieces and parts. That will reduce the cost of handling a customer order significantly because we will be doing that in-house as opposed to third partying it where it was a profit center for somebody else. So we are very comfortable starting next fiscal year the RL Media piece, not only will it be 100% owned by us versus 50%, but the dramatic change in the cost of servicing a customer will add very specifically to the profit margins of that business. We've obviously also built it to service what we hope will be an ongoing compounding of the current growth rates, which have been in excess of 30%. That has the unique advantage to us and that ability to ship an individual customer order is very different the way... than the way the rest of our logistics and distribution is set up where it's designed to service large shipments to our own stores or to wholesale distribution on a worldwide basis. So that adds pretty dramatically to the profit margins of RLM and should come online in fiscal '09.  The Japanese question you asked, again putting aside the purchase accounting and all of that, the integration has begun. We've realized opportunities in logistics and distribution where that was third party and over time we'll be able to bring that in-house as we work through the service agreements. The manufacturing and sourcing, we will roll into international sourcing group, today that is handled through different third parties and that should enhance the margins as well. And against that backdrop we will make investments in the right kind of shop environment, the right kind of presentation, the right kind of marketing. And then as we said in the prepared remarks, getting the sales and merchandising assortment rights is really the rocket fuel for Japan, given the very high productivities and the limited number of points of distribution. That will begin to play out in '09, but will really we think come to fruition in fiscal 2010 in a major way. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you, Roger. So it sounds like you would look for margin expansion from current levels in both these businesses, more maybe at RL Media in fiscal '09 and even more the bigger Japan leverage should come really in fiscal 2010. Is that --? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I think that's fair. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I still have RL Media based on your disclosure as a very profitable business, like high-double digits. Is that fair Tracey? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well high double-digit means 90% or 95%? 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: No, I am sorry, high teens. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it is very profitable. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just lastly, if I may, Tracey, what's still in minority interest? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, for the first quarter, the portion of the Japanese business that we did not own for the quarter is in minority interest. RL Media is no longer in minority interest and that is it. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: So you still had two months of sort of the Japan business? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Virginia Genereux - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks so much. 
Operator: And Margaret Mager with Goldman Sachs will have our next question. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: A couple of questions. First of all, with regard to the men's and women's business where you commented that men's actually outpaced women's; did it actually accelerate or is it just that women's has softened and men's has kept a steady pace? And is there anything in the merchandising of your women's area and more in Ralph Lauren in particular that needs to be addressed? And then I have a couple more. Thanks. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Well, the first part of your question, it's a pretty good men's season all the way through market and there really wasn't too much movement there. I think the change in the women's business is really characterized by this. The early parts of spring historically are when people buy more career, they are setting up their wardrobes for the season and then later into the May, June, Julys, generally become more casuals spending anyway as a natural pattern to the business. I think this year because career was a bit softer and the casual side of the business, or a less expensive dress was sufficient, I think you just saw that trend picking up earlier in the season, which pulled down the average unit retails, which made for a softer spring. I think what you then have for most people is when you go to June, July clearance activities, if the product wasn't in demand early in the season, then it's some more expensive and a slower movement of that product when you get to the clearance months. I don't have the benefit of the July comp store sales, but my guess would be they are not going to be very different than the trends that were out there mid-spring on and then the real sea change becomes the middle of August with back-to-school and the fall business that runs in the middle of August through September. There's been a lot of shift in the back-to-school calendars with certain states going back later, which shifts that tax-free weeks. So the early part of August has been a harder period to read back-to-school and we really need to get into the middle of the month before we see how those trends from spring carry forward. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Right, okay. In the department store arena, you are clearly the leading brand in both men's to women's. And then on the women's side in particular, it'd seem right now there is an opportunity to increase your market share maybe through larger footprints in the department store channel given the fall off in some of the other branded product in that channel distribution. I m just wondering what is your attitude and strategy towards increasing your footprint in that channel at this time? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it's a good question, Margaret. As you know, we have been trying to grow our women's business as a percent to our total anyway, because we have been under-developed with the softness in the women's markets with some of the key competitors. We do see it as an opportunity to increase footprints square footage, not so much door count because that's not we really where we looking to expand, but really in the doors we are in, even in the Lauren business where we've added active in the last couple of years, where we have added denim in the last couple of years, where we've expanded our commitment to special sizes, we will be launching dresses next year. We are actively looking to gain share in that channel with our female business.  Following on the heels of that, we just came off a very successful La Vegas Shoe Show, we are feeling good about the direction of the footwear business and hopefully next year we will begin to follow that up with other accessory categories. So yes, we are looking to expand the penetration of our women's business vis--vis it's historic positioning as well as the current market landscape changing. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Do you think that plays out in a noticeable way over the next 12 months or is that longer than that? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think we will see some movement in the next 12 months. Moving around department store square footage is a cumbersome process. It requires capital on both sides and even with business being soft, I don't think that always results in change the next day, but I think with our consistent strength, our unique product positioning, and as you said, our leading really each merchandise category we are in, I think it is an unusual time and opportunity for us over the next couple of years to gain share. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Okay. If I could shift to the retail piece, in our model, we were looking for something in the low to mid teens growth rate for retail for the full year, more or less in line with your fiscal year guidance. And now with the first quarter and the second quarter looking to the more in the high single-digit range, can you just talk about how the second half will accelerate in order to move towards that mid-teens guidance? I understand on the wholesale business what you are doing, but what is it in retail that's going to accelerate it into the second half? Thanks. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Well, we have talked about the first quarter net store effect. And a lot of that drops off as we get into the second half so that the new stores in the second half are more pure incremental as opposed to the sort of a net effect. We obviously feel very strongly about our direct-to-consumer polo.com, and believe where mall traffic may have been off in spring, summer we do believe online shopping will continue to accelerate through the back half of the year, and we are pretty bullish on comps. I think our first quarter, which is generally not our strongest quarter, but I think we are expecting comps to maintain themselves through the year and obviously, that's the least predictive business we have versus wholesale or licensing, but nonetheless we think the fall assortments look great, there's going to be a tremendous amount of advertising and public relations energy behind the 40th anniversary on a worldwide basis starting this fall. So we think there is going to be a lot of excitement in the marketplace. Clearly, the mid-August through September back-to-school and into fall selling will be critical and if that goes well, I think we feel very strongly about the year. If that is not as robust as we would like it to be, then it may effect the holiday shopping. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: All right. And last on repurchase, just wondering can you update us on your though process around buying back stock and how you might approach that, especially given stock sell-off today? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we have 198 million left on our prior Board authorization, Margaret, that we will as we had in the past opportunistically look to invest our cash in the best way and if we believe that that will be stock repurchase, then we will do that. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks and good luck, talk to you soon. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. 
Operator: And at the request of the speakers, please limit yourself to one question only to allow others in the queue to ask their question. Next we will move on to Bob Drbul with Lehman brothers. 
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Hi. Good morning. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning Bob. 
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Question that I have around inventory levels, inventory is up 15%. Can you break out or provide some granularity how much of the inventory increase was exactly associated with the Japanese business and small leather goods and can you provide your retail division inventories, full price outlet and/or your wholesale numbers, and just what the breakdown within your inventory levels? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: If you just wait a second, we will give you the incremental inventory that was associated with the acquisitions. Excluding the various acquisitions inventory was up about 8.9%. So, 15% versus the 8.9% is the difference for the new businesses. I don't have it in terms of wholesale and retail, but that's about what you can work the math on. 
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And Roger, can you maybe give us some commentary around the inventory levels at retail on your wholesale customers, are you comfortable with what's out there right now as you go into fall selling season? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think our wholesale, retail customers were pretty aggressive about clearing inventories in general through the spring summer. Our inventory levels of our products are in line with our plan. So we are receiving fall and are comfortable with what came out of spring summer at this point. 
Robert S. Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. 
Operator: Next we will move onto Omar Saad with Credit Suisse. 
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Hi, one quick question, Roger. Wanted to get your perspective on your comfort level with the kind of that spending at the high-end luxury market, I know with some of the volatility we are seeing in the stock market, I think a lot of people just kind of take for granted the high-end spending. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that and how you feel at this point. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the high-end customer, the luxury customer has continued to shop. I would say the last two or three weeks, as you all know, the markets have been very volatile in general. There are lots of business articles about the potential impact of subprime and the various chemicals of that out into the marketplace. At the moment, the luxury customer continues to shop. If their portfolios or psychological view of the world changes, I don't know that that will cause them not to spend because they don't have the money, but it may attempt to dislodge their confident view of the future. I think there's just been a lot of volatility and I don't think until it settles down and people understand how it's going to play out, how to react from a consumer point of view, but whether it's the new store in Moscow, whether it's our key markets in Europe, or whether it's our own retail where we ran a 10% comp, I think the better customer continues to spend. 
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Okay. And can you give us a little bit of a historical perspective the last time you saw it, the last time you saw kind of a weakness in that segment, around the 7th September 11th [ph] period or how did it play out historically if and when you saw --? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the September 11 period aside, I think that had unique impact on the world and particularly the New York market when the stock market was struggling in the post-tech boom and went through a couple of tough years. We were also in a period of redoing some of our retail. And I think even in that period, the customers with money continued to spend and it's really the middle class customer or the customer at the lower end who really tightened their belt and anxious to see how that plays out in the different channel. Interesting to me is, the Kohl's and the Penneys of the world continue to produce nicely through the spring summer turbulence and we will see what happens. We are back to school in fall, selling starts cranking up in August-September, but I think the better customer is going to continue to spend money. 
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Very good, thank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. 
Operator: Next move on to Liz Dunn with Thomas Weisel Partners. Ms. Dunn, please go ahead, your line is open. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hello, can you hear me? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Liz. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, I am sorry about that. Okay. I guess my question is related to the global brand -- 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Can you speak up a little, Liz, I can barely hear you. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. My question is related to the global brands team. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Right. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: It's entirely in place with what you have done with American Living such that if you have another partnership, it will be... you will be in a position to leverage what you have already built fairly significantly or how should we think about that? And then I am assuming that the American Living launch is the biggest bucket of investment spending outside of what you are doing with acquisitions. Are there any others that we should be aware of? And then if I can just sneak in one quick, could we have an update on Rugby because I don't think we've heard anything about that for a while? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Well, global brands concept, which we do believe is a big idea and American Living, which is the first iteration of that, that project has had almost 400 people in all parts of the company working on it. And I think the original thinking was to make sure that we had our best and our brightest in all categories working on that. So we used a lot of our existing talent. Over time we will in fact begin to populate some of the key jobs in American Living to supplement the fact that people can't work day and night jobs on a prolonged basis. So we will build some talent around the existing group that launched those categories in order to handle other initiatives post-American Living. Our current thinking is to get American Living not only developed in the three or four lines that are underway, but really get it positioned in Penney's, get a reaction from the customers so we can learn from that, and then look at some of the numerous people who have called looking for a discussions about can they participate in global brand concepts, and then we will look to add to the business model after that. What was your second question? 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: I just wondered if there were other categories of the investment spending that didn't relate to acquisitions that we should be aware of, just big buckets? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, there is of course Japan, which we've talked about, which is acquisition, but there is a combination of transition service agreements running through, which, as you know, were more expensive, as well as our investment to try to overlay and begin to move forward. There is certainly the distribution call center investments in RL Media, which I talked about earlier. There is the start up of the watch and jewelry joint venture with Richemont, which has us splitting the cost of that. We will be shipping product in fall of calendar '08. So that's running through the pipeline as well as the early work on dresses. So those are the most significant of the initiatives going through that.  In terms of Rugby, Rugby is well positioned for the start of back-to-school, which for them is an important business. As you know that customer is very oriented towards buying today so they can wear it tonight. It's not like our luxury customer who is buying today to wear it in September. So we are as that business begins open up getting immediate feedback on products and assortments. We've learned a lot about the real estate strategies that work and ones that don't. And as you know, we closed a couple stores that were in college-only towns, did not think that was a viable or economic model on a go forward basis. But have enjoyed great success in towns like Greenwich or New Canaan, which have both of the street location as well as some exposure to high-school and college kids. So we are pleased with where we are, this back-to-school and fall teach us a lot, and then we will move forward from there. 
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: And next we will move on to Gabrielle Kivitz with Deutsche Bank. 
Gabrielle Kivitz - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Roger, question on the retail segment. It seems to play out repeatedly with the apparel retailers that I cover that it can be tough for retailers to comp solidly positive when they begin to anniversary increasingly difficult multi-year comparisons. Seems like retailers can sometimes have some inherent cyclicality or comp growth limitation given the sales per square foot productivity constraints within the existing boxes. So, I guess my question is with that said, how can we get comfortable that the retail business and more specifically, factory and Club Monaco can sustain positive comp trends and not become victims of their own success? And in other words, can you just help us understand specifically what opportunities there are going forward within the box that could help drive increases and possibly continue to offset from the softness in just general mall traffic and traffic patterns that's been seen recently? Thanks. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it's a good question. Of course, there are no guarantees that tomorrow is going to bring a positive comp. We have experience now for almost 5 years running ongoing strong comps. They go up and down a little per quarter, but generally ongoing strong comps, and really ongoing productivity gains, because we've been careful about new stores and we've seen dramatic improvements in our productivity per door. And I think you have seen that and we've talked about the Ralph Lauren concepts now being at $1000 a foot and the tremendous turnaround in comps that we've had at Club Monaco. It really comes down to do you have pricing power that allows you to appropriately raise prices for the right kind of merchandise, can you add merchandise categories that are incremental as opposed to replacement categories, are you trend right in those businesses that carry more of a trend burden, and can you do that well and sustain it? A lot of what helps that is having a consistent design, merchandising and buying teams who really know the nuances of each door and each opportunity.  With all that said, there were no guarantee, but it certainly improves your odds of compounding year after year if you have got those things in place. And I think we do have all three in place. But we will see, we are not immune to macroeconomic issues, we are not immune to external issues, but the things we can control, I think we are constantly looking for ways to raise the bar on ourselves. And that's what we have been able to do. We'll see what the fall brings. There are no guarantees, but that's what we are focused on here. 
Gabrielle Kivitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks, and good luck for the remainder of the year. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Christine Chen with Needham & Company will have our next question. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you. Wanted to see if you could talk a little about you held trunk shows at the end of June in your full-price retail stores; granted that's early on, it probably gives you some indication of product is going work and what isn't and what was the feedback you got from that, and historically has that been good indication for how retail performs going forward. And then for footwear, do you still expect it to be neutral on EPS this year and denim accretive? Thank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Christine, in terms of trunk shows, they are a good indicator of what the top customers are reacting to from a fashion and a style point of view. Also, attitudinally what they bring to a trunk show is important. As pre-lines have grown in importance, so it's both the pre-line and then it's the runway products. That business has sort of migrated into much more even 12-month-a-year business as opposed to the Crescendo that used to exist when it was just runway product. At this point, our fall product has been very well received. I think there was a lot of enthusiasm for the runway itself, and I think deliveries are on time, people like the quality and fit. So if that turns out to be an indicator, I think we'll have a strong collection year, both here and in Europe and in the beginnings of that business in Asia.  In terms of the footwear and denim businesses, I think our guidance from the beginning of the year holds. The Vegas show shows, which just concluded were very encouraging for us, but that's really a next spring shipping cycle. So we will see, but we are off to a good start. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: And then denim is still expected to be accretive for this year? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Slightly, yes. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, great, good luck. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: And we will Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Stephanie for Jeff. And we'd echo the comments made on Nancy's departure. Roger, if you could just speak a littlie bit more to your optimism surrounding Europe. What markets rank greatest in terms of contribution, where are the key opportunities, and what have your licensing partners said about their store opening plans for the balance of the year? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, Europe continues to delight us because, as many of you know, we've put a lot of time and energy into reorganizing and getting that business prepared for growth over the years. And we are now reaping the benefits for that. We are seeing our strongest growth in the major markets of Italy, England, France, and really Germany really are getting distortion in growth. And our retail business there, even blended in with the comps, is outpacing the United States. So whether it's the new store opening in Milan or some of the other stores we have, it's giving us encouragement to push forward with our retail expansion. As a matter of fact, we have committed to two large pieces of real estate in Paris that we are paying rent on that won't open until next year. So those are not a drag in the short term in the order of magnitude, it's one of the things we've talked about, but they are, in fact, appropriate decisions for the long term retail strategy there and it's what you have to do when you find great real estate. So we are making and continue to make ongoing commitments to Europe. We've said before we think it could be as much as a third of the business and we continue to see the customer feeding back. It's interesting not only were the Moscow stores successful, but the Russians with money are now traveling Europe extensively and they are positively impacting business in most of the European capitals. So that's an interesting new wrinkle to the European business. And even with the high exchange rates, tourism continues to be pretty strong in Europe. So, we are excited there and we continue to reinvest, that's what we think will be great future. 
Unidentified Analyst: That's interesting. Thank you. Actually just a follow-up, as you are looking at Japan and you've touched a bit on the assortments, the store environments etc. that you are focused on, was Impact selecting from an edited assortment as a distributor or did they have exposure to the entire assortment? Any changes there in terms of opportunity and assortment categories, non-apparels that will be helpful. Tank you. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, in Japan, as many of you know, we had a master license that for many years stayed with department stores. They in turn sub-licensed out the merchandise categories that they thought were appropriate for Japan, to different sub-licensees. Impact 21 over the course of time ended up with men's, women's, denim and accessories, and then we had other sub-licensees for our merchandise categories. So their interpretation of what was right for the market, what they brought over there in terms of lines and/or merchandise assortments within the line, were their best judgments of what would sell. I think our view and what we've learned through the Omotesando store opening, which we have now anniversaried and is performing well, is what we think the customer is willing to receive from us.  We believe that should not only based on what we are seeing in the Japanese market, but what we are seeing with Japanese buyers in other world-wide markets that we are servicing. So we are going to add to what they brought over. We are going to alter the assortment, we are certainly going to alter the distribution and planning expertise and we expect that that will pay out positively for us.  I think we have one more question. Two more questions, Nancy says, okay. Operator, two more question. 
Operator: Okay, we will move to Jeff Edelman with UBS. 
Jeff Edelman - UBS: Thank you, good morning. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning, Jeff. 
Jeff Edelman - UBS: How are you? This question is for Tracey. After the last conference call, you talked about these investment expenses, which as I remember, roughly 100 basis points hit your earnings this year and the influence was that that would go away in fiscal '09, but now as you talk about starting to cover some of those expenses in the fourth quarter, it seems to me it's going to be more withdrawn out period and then you would obviously have ongoing investment for new initiatives for '10? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. There are... good question Jeff. There are a couple of different types of investments that we are making this year. Let's talk about the acquisitions, which are the ones that are the most extreme this year as it relates to the non-cash amortization, which is short-term non-cash amortization, the bulk of it. Some of that amortization will continue forward into 2009, but as I said earlier on the call in response to Virginia's question, much of that will go away after this year. So, we will some non-cash amortization and we disclosed it in our financial statements what the amortization line is, but not to the level that we are seeing this year. So there will be a $40 million pickup roughly year-over-year as it relate to... and again, purchase price allocation is preliminary right now. So that piece will go away. As it relates to American Living, that's the other investment that we talked about American Living and dresses. We have Richemont, the watch joint venture that we also entered into this year. And those investments will be ongoing. The sales related to dresses and American Living, we will ship in the fourth quarter. So we will see... start seeing sales revenue against those expenses in the fourth and certainly continuing forward into 2009. 
Jeff Edelman - UBS: Okay. So... but the level of expenses is not going to go away, it's just the question of levering those with the incremental sales? 
Tracey T. Travis - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, not on the... on the new product initiatives, yes. 
Jeff Edelman - UBS: Right, okay, great, thank you. 
Operator: And our final question, we'll hear from Jennifer Black with Jennifer Black & Associates. 
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates: Good morning and congratulations. You have done an amazing job. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you. 
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates: I wanted to know... just I have two questions. Are you happy with how the retailers are displaying or merchandising your products as a whole and are there opportunities such as dual exposure where it's not being done? That's my first question. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the ongoing dialog between us and every point of distribution around the world is heavily focused on assortments and presentations. As you know, we as the company put a lot of time and energy into merchandise presentations, whether it's our own stores, polo.com, or our wholesale distributions, we spend a lot of money on shop build-out, we spend a lot of money on coordinators, we spend a lot of money on propping. But with thousands of distribution points around the world, Jennifer, I think there is always opportunity to improve, and as we travel and we do aggressively travel, when we see those opportunities, we work with the customers to improve that. Properly presenting our product is a big part of our success. So we never underestimate what we can impact when we get it right and/or when it's not right, the drag it can have on the sales. 
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates: Are any of the retailers today, but excluding your stores, do they have accessories, handbags, shoes, in the apparel departments? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the whole accessory opportunity, whether even in our own stores where I don't think we are yet presenting it to its fullest potential, but certainly at the wholesale distribution points, whether it's classification presentations, i.e., in the accessory departments or footwear departments or in the shops, that's a tremendous opportunity for us to improve. In Asia, they do put the handbags in the shops, shops are highly productive, but I think we are in our infancy in getting that right on a worldwide basis. 
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates: Okay, so that's a great opportunity. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. 
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates: And as far as accessories as a whole for each of the brands, what further opportunities do you feel exits? 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, there's really with the small leather goods and belts coming in-house and footwear in-house, with the expiration of the handbag license at the end of this year, with the repositioning of eyewear and a long-term relationship with L'Oreal, I think we've got most of the merchandise areas covered and positioned the way we want in terms of the go forward. We really sell with Richemont as a partner in fine watches and jewelry. We needed that expertise and that partnership is off to good start in terms of product development. So, I think we have sort of thought out and strategized and now executed the key components of accessories. We just have to get it executed on a worldwide basis. 
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates: All right. Thanks very much and good look. 
Roger N. Farah - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Thanks Jennifer, and thank you all for your interest. I know it's been a long call. There's obviously a lot of noise in the numbers offsetting what I think is very strong organic business, both at retail and wholesale. We look forward to talking to you at the end of the second quarter when we have more back-to-school and fall selling to report, but we are very excited about the new initiatives at this point and think you will see the benefits of that in '09 and beyond. Thanks again. Bye. 
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-05-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives
