===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Rollins, Inc. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Lyndsey Burton, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Lyndsey Burton: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. In addition to the earnings release we issued yesterday, the company has also prepared a supporting slide presentation. The earnings release and presentation are available on our website www.rollins.com. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our earnings release. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. On the line with me today and speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kenneth Krause, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open the line for your questions. Jerry, would you like to begin?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Lyndsey. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report Rollins delivered strong first quarter results. Overall, we continue to see solid growth across all major service lines with total revenue growth of nearly 10% and organic growth of 7.4% despite one less business day. Earlier this month, we announced our acquisition of Saela Pest Control. We have known and admired Saela's business for a number of years. In fact, Mitch Smith, Saela's President, is a former Orkin Division President, so we're happy to welcome him and the rest of our Saela teammates to the Rollins family. Ken will share more of the financial details associated with the transaction in a moment, but Saela is a wonderful addition to the Rollins family of brands for several reasons. First and foremost, they have a strong culture that is focused on people—people who deliver amazing service. Second, Saela has a scaled operation with a strong track record, enabled by their focus on operational execution. Third, their presence in key geographies, including the Pacific Northwest, Mountain West, and Midwestern United States, provides a platform for us to more effectively deploy our multi-brand strategy. As you know, we believe the combination of Orkin and our strong group of regional brands is a competitive differentiator for Rollins, giving us multiple bites of the apple with potential customers, while also providing some balance and diversification with respect to customer acquisition. The addition of Saela further strengthens these competitive advantages. Earlier this month, I was able to meet many of Saela's teammates in Utah and Colorado, and I was really impressed. I'm proud to welcome them all to Rollins, and I'm confident that Saela's business is well aligned to our strategy for sustainable profitable growth. Our investments in strategic M&A opportunities are also complemented by ongoing investments to drive organic growth. As expected, we continued our investments in incremental sales staffing and marketing activities ahead of peak season, to ensure that we are positioned top of mind for the consumer as pest season begins. We are well staffed on the sales, technician, and customer service support front with our teammates onboarded, extensively trained, and ready to provide an exceptional level of service for our customers. On the commercial side of the business, we are encouraged by our momentum. Overall, we delivered solid double-digit commercial growth for the first quarter, despite some softness in commercial one-time special services, such as commodity fumigation. Over the last year, we have strategically added resources to support our dedicated commercial division within Orkin. These resources are paying off as Orkin Commercial delivered double-digit recurring revenue growth in the first quarter. Beyond growth, our dedication to operational efficiency and continuous improvement is an important part of our strategy and culture. Ken will discuss in more detail how we saw gross margin improvement in the quarter as we executed our pricing strategy, leveraged our cost structure, and drove efficiencies throughout the business. This is somewhat offset by ongoing investments we have made to support our long-term growth objectives, but we remain confident in our ability to yield a strong return on these investments in the quarters and years ahead. Finally, before I turn it over to Ken, I would like to take a moment to welcome Paul Donahue, who was elected to our Board of Directors at our Annual Shareholder Meeting earlier this week. Paul serves as Non-Executive Chairman of Genuine Parts Company and was previously CEO and Chairman there as well. His extensive leadership experience, business expertise, and commitment to the community bring great value to Rollins, and we look forward to the impact he will have on our company. In closing, we're excited about where our business stands today. The year is off to a solid start, and demand from our customers remains strong. Our teams in the field are ready to support our customers as peak season ramps up, and I want to thank each of our 20,000-plus team members around the world for their ongoing commitment to our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kenneth Krause: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter reflects continued strong execution by the Rollins team. A few highlights to start: growth was robust to start the year. We delivered revenue growth of 9.9% year-over-year. Organic growth was 7.4%, despite 40 basis points of headwind from foreign currency, as well as an impact from one less business day in the quarter versus last year. Organic growth would have exceeded the high end of our 7% to 8% range were it not for these two factors. On the profitability side, we continue to make progress. Gross margin of 51.4% is the highest first-quarter gross margin that we have recorded in recent history. As expected, strategic growth investments did temper EBITDA margins a bit in the quarter, but we continue to anticipate an improving margin profile as we move through the back half of the year. Finally, we delivered operating cash flow of $147 million and free cash flow of $140 million, up 15% and 17%, respectively, versus last year, enabling a balanced capital allocation strategy. Diving further into the quarter, we saw good growth across each of our service offerings. In the first quarter, residential revenue increased 8.2%, commercial pest control rose 10.2%, and termite and ancillary increased by 13.2%. Organic growth was also healthy across the portfolio, with growth of 5.7% in residential, 7.4% in commercial, and 11.1% in the termite and ancillary area. Importantly, our organic growth rate on our recurring base of commercial business grew at nearly 10%. We remain encouraged that our investments in this area are paying off. Turning to profitability, our gross margins were healthy at 51.4%, up 20 basis points versus last year. We continue to be positive on the price-cost equation and saw good performance across several key cost categories. Looking at our four major buckets of service costs—people, fleet, materials and supplies, as well as insurance and claims—we saw improvements in margins associated with people costs, materials and supplies, as well as the insurance and claim area, which was somewhat offset by higher fleet expense. Quarterly SG&A cost as a percentage of revenue increased by 70 basis points versus last year. We saw healthy leverage on administrative people costs, which enabled reinvestment in incremental advertising and selling expenses associated with the growth initiatives that we've discussed previously. First-quarter GAAP operating income was $143 million, up 7.7% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $147 million, up 6.7% versus the prior year. First-quarter EBITDA was $173 million, up 8.1% and representing a 21% margin. Interest expense was $2 million lower year-over-year due to lower average debt balances and a lower average rate versus last year. We expect interest expense for the remainder of the year to be slightly elevated compared to last year due to higher debt levels associated with our recent M&A activity. Notably, we expect interest expense to be $8 million to $10 million in Q2 on the higher borrowings. The effective tax rate was 23.5% in the quarter, lower than the 26% we expect for the year, due to timing of certain tax benefits associated with the vesting of restricted shares. We expect the second-quarter tax rate to approximate 26%. Quarterly GAAP net income was $105 million, or $0.22 per share, increasing from $0.19 per share in the same period a year ago. For the first quarter, we had non-GAAP pre-tax adjustments associated with the FOX acquisition-related items totaling approximately $4 million of pre-tax expense in the quarter. Accounting for these expenses, adjusted net income was $108 million, or $0.22 per share, increasing 10%. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, operating cash flow increased 15% in the quarter to $147 million. We generated $140 million of free cash flow, a 17% increase versus last year. Cash flow conversion, the percent of income that was converted into operating cash flow, was very strong as well, above 130% for the quarter. As a reminder, our second-quarter cash flow will be impacted by a deferred tax payment associated with a disaster relief measure granted to those with operations impacted by Hurricane Helene that we discussed on our fourth-quarter call. We made acquisitions totaling $27 million, and we paid $80 million in dividends in the first quarter. During the quarter, we executed our inaugural bond offering, issuing $500 million of ten-year notes with the tightest bond IPO credit spread for any industrial company since 2016. We also established a $1 billion commercial paper program, which will generate ongoing savings as short-term funding needs arise. Our leverage ratio stands at 0.8 times. Our balance sheet is very healthy and positions us well to continue to execute on our balanced capital allocation strategies. As Jerry mentioned, we closed the Saela acquisition earlier in April and are excited about the strategic growth opportunities this acquisition will provide us. Let me share a few financial details on the acquisition. We expect it to add between $45 million to $50 million of revenue in 2025, with approximately $15 million in Q2. From an EBITDA standpoint, Saela's margin profile is neutral to ours, and we anticipate the deal to be accretive to earnings in the first full year of ownership. We are in the process of finalizing our purchase accounting and will provide an update on this during our Q2 call in July.
Jerry Gahlhoff: As we look to the remainder of 2025, we remain encouraged by the strength of our market, our recession-resilient business model, and the execution of our teams. We are fortunate to have limited exposure with respect to tariffs. To give you some perspective, our greatest area of potential impact from tariffs could be in our fleet. Fleet costs in total represent just over 5% of our income statement, and it's important to dissect that further and recognize that automobile lease costs represent roughly 3% of our income statement. We are positioned extremely well to deliver on our financial objectives despite uncertainty in the current macroeconomic environment. We continue to expect organic growth in the 7% to 8% range for the year, but expect that the addition of the Saela business will take anticipated growth from M&A to 3% to 4% for the year versus the 2% to 3% we discussed previously. We remain focused on improving our incremental margin profile while investing in growth opportunities. We anticipate that cash flow will continue to convert at a rate that is above 100% in 2025. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Star two if you would like to remove your question from the queue. And for a participant choosing speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. Please ask one question. One moment while we poll for questions. Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim Mulrooney: Hi, Jerry. Good morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Morning, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. A couple of questions. So, you know, first, just in terms of your, I guess, this would be more your consumer-facing businesses, resi and termite, you know, we've heard from some other industry participants that lead volumes in North America have been a little bit weaker to start the year. I'm curious what you're seeing in the market as it pertains to demand trends. Obviously, everything sounds good. But, you know, is there anything in the data to suggest that things are slowing down at all? Maybe towards the end of the quarter or after the quarter as macro uncertainty continues to ramp up here?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Ken, I guess I'll kick off. January and February were certainly a little tougher, got better in March. I would characterize demand was still pretty good. We did see also some uptick in our technician sales efforts and things along those lines that also helped drive the residential creative selling on the termite side of the business. Those helped in that area. I wouldn't, for us at least, we didn't see any type of demand signals or changes that gave us pause.
Kenneth Krause: The only thing I would add, Jerry, is when you look across the business, the residential business continues to perform well. We're happy with the recurring revenue growth we're seeing in that business. You look at the commercial area, I pointed out in my prepared comments that that business, the recurring organic growth was close to 10%, and then the termite ancillary business continues to be a strong contributor. You know, the teammates and the team across the organization is just doing an exceptional job navigating an uncertain economic environment. But again, our business remains very recession-resilient. And we've seen that through a number of cycles in the past. And we're seeing that now. As we go through April, we're executing well. We're seeing good results. Continue to see and continue to expect to be able to deliver on our organic growth commitments.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That's very clear. You guys aren't seeing it at all. And if anything, it sounds like things got better as you move through the quarter. So that's all very clear. Thank you. And just to build on that comment that you were making there, Ken, on your commercial business, you know, I think, and please correct me if I'm wrong, I think a lot of the investments that have been weighing on margins the last couple of quarters are in Orkin Commercial specifically. So, you know, this really strong result that you're seeing in your commercial business, do you think that that's a direct result of these investments that you're making, adding feet on the streets, putting up the branches, those kinds of things? Do you think you're starting to see the benefit of those investments, that those are paying off, or is it too early there?
Kenneth Krause: No. I think it is. I mean, when I look at that business and think about what Scott Weaver's doing with leading that business, the performance we're seeing, it certainly is correlated, I believe, to the level of focus and the emphasis and the investments we're making in that business, and we feel like they're paying off. You know, we continue to be bullish on that segment. We're also, when you step back and look across the business, we're bullish in the other areas as well. You look at the termite and ancillary business and what we're seeing there. Dissecting that and looking at some of the ancillary growth we're seeing gives us a sense of optimism when we think about how healthy our customer base might be because those are larger ticket items. We think, you know, generally, across the board, we're seeing good returns on the investment we're making.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And I would add, Ken, that it takes the sales cycle on the B2B side is longer. So those investments that we make in the back half of last year really don't start paying off until the middle of this year. Unlike residential, that tends to have a little quicker ramp-up, things like that. So these investments in the commercial business take time. It takes focus. It takes a commitment to really stick with it. And keep driving away at it. And we'll focus heavily this year on productivity of the sales force that we've built much of the last couple of years, and now we can focus on productivity.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ronan Kennedy with Barclays. Please proceed.
Ronan Kennedy: Hi. Good morning. This is Ronan Kennedy on for Manav. Thanks for taking my question. I think it'd be fair to say that you guys have been remarkably resilient throughout the cycle. Could you just touch on, from a high-level standpoint, the drivers of the top-line growth if you see contributions from new upcross pricing and inorganic change, the drivers of margins, and, you know, say, a downturn? And then anything you can note for resiliency by segment, if there's any nuances there.
Kenneth Krause: A number of different questions. I'll try to take them and make sure I address them. But when you look at the resiliency of the business, and you look at the contributors to growth, I have to start with pricing. We continue to see good pricing in our business. CPI plus level of pricing, 3% to 4% price increases. You know, it's not just every customer is not seeing the same price increase. It certainly is market-specific. But we're seeing good traction on that side. Volume growth continues to be healthy. When you look at all of the various segments I pointed out previously and the contributions in those segments, certainly feel like we're seeing good volume growth and share gain. When you think about the M&A environment, it remains very healthy, as you saw on Saela, a great business with a lot of great people that we've acquired. And really looking forward to the contributions of that business, but we continue to remain active and looking at a number of additional opportunities. And so we continue to build the pipeline on the M&A. So generally across all of that, we feel pretty good. And when you look at, you know, downturn, what do you, you know, what do you do in a downturn? We're a very labor-intensive business, so we have a very high variable cost model in the business. And so if the business, we don't see it, I have to say that, we're not seeing a slowdown, but if it were, that would certainly be a lever that one would address. But today, we see we're very much in growth mode. We're investing in our business. We're investing in our teammates. And we're excited about the future.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And Ken, I would add to that when we talk about our revenue drivers and what keeps us, keeps the gas in the engine, it's our multi-brand strategy. That's what, when we have our eggs are in a lot of different baskets, and we have so many ways to go to market and capitalize on the opportunities that are there. That's really probably the single biggest difference maker as it relates to how do we drive consistent revenue across all of these categories. It's our multi-brand approach that gets us there.
Ronan Kennedy: That's very helpful. Thank you. Thank you for taking the multifaceted question. On M&A, can I just ask that you reconfirm how the pipeline looks? You know, with the Saela acquisition, you know, some upside from M&A there. But also if you are seeing with the uncertain market environment, if that puts potential pressure on competitors and potentially valuations, and therefore, you may be inclined to do a more sizable transaction.
Kenneth Krause: You know, when we look at the M&A pipeline, the pipeline, as I said a number of times, there's no urgency to chase any one individual asset or opportunity. We remain in a very enviable position when it comes to M&A. We're very strategic, but also very pragmatic. When we think about the steps we take on the M&A side. You know, the market remains healthy, but the one thing, even though we do have a significant amount of financial bandwidth, we're always looking at the pace that we're acquiring these businesses because it's a lot of work to integrate and to bring new businesses and new brands and new teammates on. So, you know, we're going to continue to be pragmatic and take this step's approach when it comes to M&A.
Ronan Kennedy: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. If I look at organic revenue growth for the residential and termite businesses, it looks like it stepped down a little bit. Residential organic growth ticked down about a point, and then termite organic growth ticked down about three and a half points going from Q4 to Q1. So I know there was one fewer working day in the quarter, but what were some other factors that may have contributed to this growth moderation in residential and termite?
Kenneth Krause: Yeah. It's not something that we're overly concerned with, George. We feel good about the contributions of those businesses. Continue to see good demand in those businesses. As you point out, we have one less business day. We also had roughly a 40 basis point headwind on currencies that impacted our business across the board. And so, when we step back and we look at it, we feel good about how we exited Q1, but also how we're starting Q2. We feel like the business is very much intact.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And George, I would add that with the impact in the first quarter, when you lose that day, there are a lot of one-time, there's a lot of one-time business that may not get, you're losing a full day of one-time. Your recurring base is still there, and we're finding ways to get that work done. But you do lose a lot of that one-time business, and a lot of that termite ancillary work certainly could fit into that category. Some of it's just attributed to that. You know, the heaviest area of one-time is definitely termite ancillary. So it's a great point, sir.
George Tong: That's helpful color. Thank you. And then with your acquisition of Saela that you closed in early April, can you confirm what the commercial and residential mix is?
Kenneth Krause: It's, you know, 95% range residential. They're largely a residential customer company. They do some commercial, but it's not significant.
George Tong: Got it. Beautiful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Haas with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jason Haas: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my question. In light of the Saela acquisition, can you talk about your playbook for driving synergies of the businesses you acquire? And I'm curious if there's similar opportunity to what you saw with Fox. Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: When we look at these businesses, we certainly do look at integration, but we're buying really good businesses. Businesses that are very attractive from a financial perspective. So we very much take a pragmatic approach to integration. With that said, we do help them on fleet. We do help them on materials and supplies. And a number of other measures. When you look at the things we're doing around our modernization and our back office, looking at our finance and accounting and HR and IT teams, you know, I think there's an opportunity to do even more as we go forward. So it's very much a pragmatic approach, but looking at how we can help them improve their business and how we might learn from them as well.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. A perfect example of a synergy that could be gained there quickly. As I mentioned, Mitch Smith, who worked for us at one point in time in his career, he's familiar with the technologies that we have that enable our sales force, like our BizSuite and our HomeSuite apps that are powerful tools for the sales team. And, you know, if we can help him mobilize those types of technologies and put those into the Saela business, we can help them accelerate their growth. So those are the types of, and maybe not traditional synergies, but as the way that we share best practices, share technologies, share things to how do we make the business better. It's not always just about how we cut costs.
Kenneth Krause: Right. Right. And very much when you look at the Fox acquisition, a lot of that was revenue growth and how we were able to see an improvement in the mark or the multiple that we paid on that. And so the things Jerry just articulated are very much aimed at growth enablers.
Jason Haas: That's great. And as a follow-up, can you talk about what incremental margins might have looked like in Q1 if you exclude some of these one-time impacts from the one less workday, the FX, and the investment making in the business? Excluding those, would you have been at your long-term target? And then how are you thinking about incremental margins? How should they trend through the remainder of the year?
Kenneth Krause: Great question, Jason, and thank you for that. When we look at incremental margins, a couple of things, you're right to talk about the growth. If it's 40 basis points of FX and maybe another 30 to 40 basis points associated with the loss of the business day, that's meaningful. But what's more meaningful is the investments we made. And especially in the selling and marketing and advertising area. We pulled forward some advertising. You know, every other year, we go out and shoot new television ads. We did that in the quarter. Incurred that expense. If you set aside the selling and marketing expenses, you would have been in that 25% to 30% margin profile. With that improving gross margin, it enables us to be able to deliver that.
Jason Haas: But we did invest. As we think about the future, you know, as we said at the end of last year as we did the call for Q4, we expect that incremental margin to improve as we go throughout the year. As we start to lap some of these more significant investments as we see the growth come on. But we'll continue to update that as we go throughout this year.
Jason Haas: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. Wanted to sort of go back to the marketing and investments. Just wanted to ask how you're thinking about your strategy in terms of marketing just in the current period. I know you talked, you haven't seen any impact yet. So I imagine you're still in a business-as-usual mode, and maybe gearing the spend based on traditional seasonality. But just wanted to get a sense of, like, what would change the trajectory, you know, dialing up or down the marketing spend.
Kenneth Krause: Really, it's business-related. It's related to what we're seeing in our markets and the strategic initiatives that we talked about. And so nothing outside of that, I think, would cause us to change our approach when it comes to the selling and marketing side, but it's more about how healthy our markets are, and then execution of our strategy.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I mean, gosh, Ken, if something kind of crazy happened in the digital side and costs went dramatically up, which we've never seen, right, happen that we couldn't mitigate or control or adjust. We just pivot. Right? So we'll take those dollars and use them in other ways and through other, perhaps, other channels and repurpose those dollars into perhaps more efficient ways if there were some of those dynamics that occurred that caused prices to go up.
Kenneth Krause: And that gets to the point you raised with the previous question, this multi-brand strategy. We've got so many different ways that we market to our customers, and we focused on that as part of our investor day last May where we showed various brands and how some are more reliant on digital, some are more reliant on billboards, some are more reliant on door-to-door.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Home builders.
Kenneth Krause: Home builders. And so we very much have a diversified approach to marketing and capturing customers.
Toni Kaplan: Great. And just as a follow-up, wanted to ask about sort of a longer-term picture on termite. You had double-digit organic growth there the last four quarters. And at least high single to low double and, you know, basically for years. And so when you sort of just think about the main factors that have driven that high level of growth, do you find that you're taking share over the past five years or so? Are you able to command more pricing in that market? Like, I guess, what are just long-term factors that are really driving the elevated growth there? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: To us, Toni, it has to do with the relationship that we have with our existing customer base and being able to cross-sell additional services to them. If they know you, if they trust you, and you're in their homes, if you're in their attics, and you're in their crawl spaces, doing inspections on a regular basis and you notice things that they need to take care of, they trust in you to do that. It's really as simple as that. And then if we have cost structures or things that go up with materials and supplies, we just have to adjust our pricing. But we have an incredible opportunity, it's where you see this continuing to grow. This sort of creative selling, we're not relying on digital leads to drive this business. Especially in termite. These are creative type of benefits that we have by having such a strong recurring customer base with good relationships, high net promoter scores, customers that trust us, trust our brands, and that's what really drives the business. That's why I think you have seen it be such a sustainable number. Going historically.
Kenneth Krause: The relationships are there, Toni. And the opportunities there. And so when you look again back at May of last year, we showed in a hockey playoff season, so we showed nine shots on goal. With the customer, I believe. And so there's so many different opportunities that we can go after as long as we're providing the services, we're investing in the relationship. We've got that, if we have that intact, we have an opportunity to grow the business.
Toni Kaplan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Chan with UBS. Please proceed.
Joshua Chan: Hi. Good morning, Jerry, and congrats on a very strong quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Hi. Morning.
Joshua Chan: I guess two commercial questions for me. First one, just strategically, as you make these investments, what's kind of your strategy in picking up new accounts? I assume you're gonna have to displace existing competitors, and so I was just wondering how you're going about gaining the new console commercial. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So I can give you a little bit of color here, but obviously, I don't want to say too much about what our strategies are competitively. But, you know, when you have clearly defined territories, trained teammates that know what verticals they like to sell in, where the opportunities are, what those opportunities are, and you point them in the right direction. You gotta have really strong sales management processes, sales management tools, sales management disciplines. That's really more of what it's about. And when you have people, you have the brand, you have scale, we can handle just about any type of thing that anybody could throw at us. That's our competitive advantage is our people. Other than that, I wouldn't say there's anything magical competitively out there in the market that is going on. So any dynamic there. It's just a function of looking at what we do, investing in our people, investing in our teams, investing in our technology that helps us in that regard and just going after the business. And, yeah, you're displacing others. Some people maybe don't have a service if it's, you know, maybe there's an office building or something like that that hasn't considered pest control yet and we happen to show up and present what we have to offer. You know, cold calling and those types of things that your presence gets expanded with feet on the street. And that's the investment that we've made.
Joshua Chan: That makes a lot of sense. Thanks for the call, Jerry. And then on the maybe more numbers question on commercial. I know Ken, you mentioned Orkin recurring organic growth was almost 10% and the segment was 7%. So could you just kind of bridge us, or are there any other pieces there between Orkin and the one-time, how the 10 gets to 7, and then how you expect these pieces to kind of flow going forward. Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: Certainly. And that close to 10 was across the business. So it's not just the Orkin area, but it's across the business. Teams doing a really good job at driving that level of performance. But we do have a one-time part of the business. There is a one-time aspect of commercial fumigation work, other work that is more one-time oriented. We just saw a little bit weaker one-time business in the quarter. That one less day certainly has an impact when it comes to that. With the contribution. And so when I think about it, that's probably the single largest contributor having one less day in that part of our business and drawing that down.
Joshua Chan: Great. Thanks for the color, and good luck in the rest of the year.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Our next question is from David Page on for Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
David Page: Hi. Good morning. This is David Page on for Ashish. I had a question. I know you mentioned the fleet was maybe, like, less than 5% of cost. But I was curious to know how much of the fleet has been actually refreshed or how much will be needed to be refreshed over, let's say, the next one to two years? Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: And it's hard to give a precise number on how much our fleet is going to get refreshed over the next twelve months. But what I would say, the reason I think we have some confidence is we feel good about our level of fleet in 2025 here. We'll continue to evaluate 2026 and beyond. But we'll continue to look at that. We have an opportunity to keep trucks longer if we need. We have an opportunity. We continue to look at a number of different sources, but we feel pretty good about our position in that area.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. We'd have to do the math to say what are we, what's the potential exposure to increase repair and maintenance cost by keeping trucks longer versus the increase of, say, a truck in tariffs and things like that. So at the same time, we also need to be looking for maybe lighter duty, smaller utility vehicles that we can, maybe there's some options that we have out there that we can get less expensively and offset some of those costs as well. So we're looking at all those opportunities and levers.
David Page: Okay. Makes sense. Thank you. Just as a follow-up, in terms of big ticket items or nonrecurring revenue, you have a slide in the deck here, slide nine, of the past slowdown that, you know, GFC industrial slowdown, COVID, etcetera. How have those nonrecurring or big ticket items fared during those downturns? Just as a reminder. Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: It's always hard to compare our business today to the great financial crisis because it's just so different. We have so many different brands today than we had back in 2008 and 2009. And so the business has continued to evolve. If anything, we have a much more defensive business. We've got more diversification in the base. You know? And when we look at our performance, it's interesting. We were seeing great performance across those one-time areas. Notably in the termite area, which is the largest. And so that's an area that we certainly see good demand levels for, continue to see good levels of interest. We also provide opportunity for customers to access our acceptance corp for credit. We certainly have pretty tight credit standards when it comes to that, but we also have an opportunity to provide our customer within our sales with another tool in the toolbox to sell those products or sell those services. But generally, you know, when we look at it, we feel good about the one-time business and the one area we look at again is the termite ancillary and how that's performing, and it continues to perform very well.
Jerry Gahlhoff: David, here's my perspective on the reality of this is if my attic at my house had rodent infestation with rodent droppings and rodent urine throughout and in the insulation, I can assure you that no matter what the economy is, I'm gonna find a way to figure that out. And remediate that situation because I don't want to live like that. And then on top of it, you add our, you know, financing options, how you can pay over time, or finance that type of work over time, those are tools that we have to help us navigate these types of events because the reality is, quality of life being what it is today, people don't want to live like that. And we offer a very valuable and essential service to people, and that's what makes us, I think, as resilient as you've seen in those charts.
David Page: Yep. Couldn't agree more. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good morning. Appreciate it. I guess, continuing on the theme of potential recessions here, it's been a while since I think we've, and to your point, the business has evolved quite a bit since the last recession. But as you think about maybe the recurring side of the residential business, which I think from a relative standpoint, it's probably maybe less expensive than commercial or as you just described, you know, some of these that are definitely necessities. But can you talk about the levers that you pull to maintain client retention in a recessionary environment? And also, you know, maybe your perspective about customers' willingness to potentially trade down or reduce their monthly bill and what levers you could pull to maintain, you know, kind of status quo. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So, you know, Ken, I'll try to take this. I'm gonna put it in perspective of, I remember in 2007, 2008, I was with the Home Team brand. And we were completely tied to home building. We captured customers, and it was predominantly a residential business. And you had people losing their homes, people upside down in their homes, people walking away from their homes. And yet, if customers were still in their house, our customer retention rate was still pretty solid, and it's because of the relationships that we have with our clients. Our customers had personal relationships with their technicians, and from a share of wallet standpoint, it wasn't a lot of money for folks during those periods of times. There were some markets that I remember, gosh, and this is going back a while now, but there were some markets I remember having to, we would look at a customer that's been with us a while that was struggling financially, and maybe we put them on a hold for a month or two months, or we'd work with them, or we'd work on, back in those days, we didn't have monthly billing plans, we would convert them, try to convert them to monthly billing plans so they didn't have a larger outlet of cash each quarter. So we tried to work with our customers because we know the cost to reacquire customers is far greater than some cost to keep them. So our brands can easily put in playbooks to learn from the past and make those kinds of adjustments. But it's usually a market-by-market kind of branch-to-branch kind of a situation based on what's going on there, household income, how hard a certain market is hit. So for example, there were markets like California that were hit way harder than, say, Texas was. Right? So we had to pull those levers differently from market to market. So we're able to do that. We give our field autonomy to make those decisions, especially with customers that have been with us for a long time.
Stephanie Moore: Got it. No. That's really helpful. And then maybe talk about, given the uncertainty in the current market and maybe worth of recession or, gosh, you know, who knows at this point? Do you think this actually could be an enabler of your M&A strategy? You know, willing sellers looking to just kind of, you know, throw in the towel in this more challenging environment. Something you can take advantage of. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I don't know about, I don't necessarily think that because I think in this business, they have, they'll have a lot of the same headwinds and tailwinds as we do. That's what's great about this entire industry. And, you know, we're gonna have fleet challenges. They're gonna have fleet challenges. I don't think there's anything that's suddenly facing them. Maybe there's some market-to-market differences or some customers they serve that are impacted or something along those lines. But I hadn't thought about that that much, but I wouldn't think it would cause a bunch of people to suddenly want to sell their homes. A lot of these businesses, Stephanie, are family-owned, multi-generation. They've been around for a very long time through a lot of different cycles, and they're not basing their selling decision. The ones that we like to buy aren't basing their selling decisions based upon a short-term macroeconomic event. We're buying good businesses that have been around for decades, if not longer. Sure. There's other businesses that maybe haven't been around as long, but generally, our preferred approach is to buy those businesses that are looking at it through a long-term lens.
Stephanie Moore: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian McNamara with Canaccord Genuity.
Brian McNamara: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I'm curious if you have an idea of how fast the industry as a whole is growing, kind of particularly in Q1. You guys have had pretty strong organic growth for some time now, and your larger peer clearly is lagging you in that regard. So there's share gains there. But any more color on maybe some of the smaller players would be helpful.
Kenneth Krause: I don't think we have a strong sense of how others are doing other than what you see, I guess, maybe in a public market. I would say wait for Tim Mulrooney's pest index report that comes about probably be out in the next month or so. They'll have a pretty good sense of what that looks like, but that's probably one of the better tools out there to help with that. Market continues to be good. You know, we feel like it's a good market. Continues to be healthy. Market share and market data is very much part more than it is science. But we just feel like from where we sit, we're growing and probably gaining a little bit share.
Brian McNamara: And then secondly, I was hoping you guys could provide some kind of update on your employee retention efforts, particularly with the first-year techs. And how you think that evolves in a potentially softening labor environment? I'm assuming that's probably beneficial there.
Jerry Gahlhoff: We've made some, I'm really proud of that. We've just spent this last week reviewing those numbers from the first quarter. I'm really proud of our operations teams. It made marked improvement in our first-year retention. Double-digit improvements and, you know, percentage-wise in what we call the short-term retention, making sure that the folks that have been with us for less than a year are staying longer. I'm really proud of that. And as a result of that, we've had to make far fewer new hires in the first quarter than we did a year ago. And that's proof of the improvements that we've made in that regard. We're really proud of that. Certainly. We still have work to do. Still have plenty of work to do on that front, but we are beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel on that one.
Kenneth Krause: And maybe the labor market's helping with that some of that too. Pastor Nowski, the head of our Orkin business, actually sent me a note this morning, and he was talking about that as one of his highlights of significant improvements in first-year piece Pro technician. Was led by the head of his HR and all the divisional directors seeing really good engagement and results.
Brian McNamara: Thanks a lot. Best of luck.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: With no further questions, I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to speaking with you on our Q2 earnings call later this summer.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Rollins Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Lyndsey Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Lyndsey Burton: Thank you. In addition to the earnings release that we issued yesterday, the company has also prepared a supporting slide presentation. The earnings release and presentation are available on our website at www.rollins.com. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our earnings release. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which will be filed later today. On the line with me today speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Krause, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Jerry, would you like to begin?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Lyndsey. Good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2024 was another solid year for Rollins as we achieved a milestone of $3.4 billion in revenue. Our business remains healthy on all fronts as demand remains strong throughout the year across all major service offerings. As full year revenue increased 10.3% versus last year, we grew earnings by 7.9% and adjusted earnings per share by 11.2%. Organic growth for the year of 7.9% was bolstered by strong execution of our operating strategies and continued investment in people and staffing to meet the continued demand in our markets. We strategically allocated resources to the commercial side of our business as we opened a dedicated commercial division within Orkin. Through this focus, we grew our sales force by more than 15% in the last year and invested in support training and tools to help new sales professionals get up to speed quickly and effectively. As Ken will discuss, these investments to support long-term growth objectives did temper incremental margins have been in the second half of the year. But we are confident in our ability to yield a strong return on these investments as we head into 2025. Our service quality is high. Our offerings are customized, and we believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities within a multibillion-dollar B2B market. Investments to drive organic growth are complemented by strategic M&A. And in 2024, we closed 44 tuck-in deals. We have a robust M&A pipeline with a number of opportunities that we are actively evaluating to drive additional growth. Operationally, we remain committed to hiring and developing top talent. The hiring environment was healthy in 2024 as we put significant energy into onboarding the right people in both support functions as well as the customer-facing side of our business. Effective sales and service staffing levels helped us capitalize on continued demand and deliver solid results for the year. We're proud of the tenure and experience of our team, as well as their engagement level and commitment to both our company and our customers. While overall teammate retention has been consistently healthy, there is opportunity for improved retention of our newer team mates, specifically, those who are with us for six months or less. We made positive strides in this area throughout 2024 by updating our training and onboarding programs to better address key milestones in the early days that a new team member is with us. Another important part of our culture is our dedication to continuous improvement and our focus on safety is a key element of this. There's nothing more important than ensuring our teammates to make it home safely at the end of the day. And in 2024, we implemented several new programs to continue building our safety culture here at Rollins. Our newly revamped onboarding program also includes enhanced safety training intended to equip our drivers with the technical skills, awareness and courtesy needed to uphold the driver safety standards we expect. While we are proud of the progress we have made, there is a long tail associated with safety claims that we continue to work through. This is evidenced by our insurance and claims experience in the fourth quarter, which Ken will discuss in more detail. Improving a safety culture isn't something that's done overnight, but we are committed to reducing our claims pipeline over time through ongoing safety efforts. As we look ahead to 2025, we're encouraged by the opportunities that are in front of us across all aspects of our business. Momentum is strong as we finished 2024 with the highest quarterly organic growth rate that we saw all year. Our residential business also had its best quarter of the year, growing 6.5% organically. We have meaningfully grown our commercial sales force under the banner of a new work and commercial division to better align the management of these resources and drive results. Our modernization efforts are progressing well but we are still early in our journey and see a multitude of areas to drive incremental change. As Ken will discuss, Fitch and S&P have recently announced investment-grade corporate credit ratings for our company that will provide us with another important access point to the capital markets as we execute our growth strategy. Most importantly, we remain committed to providing our customers with the best customer experience and investing meaningfully in our team to drive growth, both organically as well as through disciplined acquisitions. We are pleased with where our business stands today and what lies ahead of us in 2025. And I want to thank each of our 20,000-plus teammates around the world for their efforts and contribution to our success in 2024. I'll now turn the call over to Ken. Ken?
Kenneth Krause: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Our results for the quarter and the year reflect continued strong execution by the Rollins team, and let me begin with a few highlights for 2024. First, we delivered robust revenue growth of 10.3% for the year with a strong growth across each of our service offerings. It was encouraging to see organic growth of 7.9% for the year, while acquisitions continue to be a meaningful part of our growth profile. Second, we made progress on profitability improvement in 2024 while also making significant long-term investments to support the business. The pricing environment remains healthy, and we continue to focus on investing in future growth while delivering margin improvement. Growth investments and pressure from developments on legacy auto claims that materialized in December, both weighed on incremental margins for the quarter and the year. When you isolate the impact of these two factors, the incremental margin that was generated by our underlying operations for the year is solidly in the 30% range. And finally, we delivered operating cash flow of $608 million and free cash flow of $580 million, up 15% and 17%, respectively, versus last year. Our strong cash flow performance enabled us to execute a balanced capital allocation strategy deploying almost $500 million of capital in 2024 with a focus on investing for growth while returning cash to shareholders through a growing dividend. Turning to our fourth quarter performance. The team delivered a strong quarter with revenue up 10.4% and our strongest organic growth rate of the year at 8.5%. It was certainly encouraging to see the strong improvement in organic revenue growth in the second half of the year. In the fourth quarter, residential revenue increased 8.4%, commercial pest control increased 9.2% and termite and ancillary related services was up 16.6%. Organic growth was healthy across the portfolio, with growth of 6.5% in residential, 7.2% in commercial and 14.9% in termite and ancillary. Our demand creation efforts and investments in customer-facing resources are paying off with stronger organic growth in our portfolio. Gross margin improved 40 basis points to 51.3% in the quarter, and looking at our four major buckets of service costs, people, fleet, materials and supplies as well as insurance and claims, we saw improvements in margins associated with materials and supplies as well as people costs despite healthy staffing levels needed to support strong underlying demand trends. Fleet was neutral to margins in the quarter, while insurance and claims were a headwind driven by developments on legacy auto claims that we previously mentioned. Quarterly SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue increased by 50 basis points versus last year. We continue to see leverage in administrative people costs, which somewhat offset deleverage from selling and marketing expenses associated with growth initiatives. Unpacking this further, we have consistently talked about our intent to reinvest savings from administrative costs in the sales and marketing initiatives. And since the end of 2022, we have seen 50 basis points of leverage in administrative employees expenses and have invested that back into selling and marketing expenses. Going forward, we do see an opportunity to continue to leverage our administrative costs to drive further investment as well as margin expansion. Fourth quarter GAAP operating income was $151 million, up 8.3% year-over-year, and adjusted operating income was $155 million, up 7.3% versus last year. Quarterly adjusted EBITDA was $181 million and EBITDA margin was 21.8%. While we saw nice leverage with respect to gross profit, EBITDA margins were negatively impacted by growth investments, and our claims experience in the quarter. The effective tax rate was 27.3% for the quarter and 26% for the full year. For 2025, we are expecting an effective tax rate of approximately 26%. Quarterly GAAP net income was $106 million or $0.22 per share. For the fourth quarter, we had non-GAAP pretax adjustments associated with Fox acquisition-related items totaling approximately $4 million of pretax expense in the quarter. Considering these adjustments, adjusted net income for the fourth quarter was $109 million or $0.23 per share, increasing just under 10% from the same period a year ago. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Operating cash flow increased 23% in the quarter to $188 million. Cash flow did benefit from a disaster relief measure granted to those with operations impacted by Hurricane Helene that allowed us to defer an estimated $32 million fourth quarter tax payment. This payment would have occurred in Q4 and will now be paid in the second quarter of 2025. Cash flow conversion, a percent of income that was converted into operating cash was approximately 144% for the quarter, adjusting for the positive impact of the deferred tax payment. We generated $184 million of free cash flow and $106 million of earnings, a 30% increase versus last year. As Jerry mentioned, I wanted to take a moment to highlight the assignment of investment-grade corporate credit ratings from Fitch and S&P. The agencies have announced public credit ratings for the company with Fitch issuing a BBB+ rating and S&P a BBB rating. Today, we are also announcing that our Board has approved a $1 billion commercial paper program backstopped by our existing $1 billion revolving credit facility. We will start to work to put this in place in the coming weeks, helping provide flexibility and more efficient shorter-term liquidity options. We have made considerable progress in modernizing our back office and capital structure over the last several years. A key goal of this effort has been to ensure access to the most efficient capital to further enable our balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation. One of our top priorities has been to achieve investment-grade ratings. These ratings represent a big step forward, ensuring our ability to grow using the most cost-efficient capital. We've also recently welcomed Brady Knudsen as our new Treasurer. Brady has been working alongside many of our team members and helping guide us through the ratings process. It is great to have Brady on the team. Throughout our history, we have managed this business through an investment-grade lens, and we will continue to do so in the future. We are committed to maintaining a strong investment-grade rating with leverage well under 2x supported by healthy cash flow generation and disciplined capital allocation. Going forward, we have updated our definition of leverage to better align with the rating agencies, which results in a more conservative view. A reconciliation can be found in our press release, but using this definition of our leverage, our leverage calculation currently stands at 0.8x. As we look to 2025, we remain encouraged by the strength of our markets and the execution by our teams. We are focused on delivering another year of robust growth and healthy incremental margins, further complemented by a strategic and disciplined approach to M&A. We continue to expect organic growth in the range of 7% to 8% with additional growth from M&A of at least 2% to 3%. Additionally, we are focused on improving our incremental margin profile while investing in growth opportunities. We anticipate that cash flow will continue to convert at a rate that is above 100% again in 2025. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, everyone. We're happy to take any questions you have at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim Mulrooney: Very good morning. Morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning, Tim.
Kenneth Krause: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Congrats on a nice quarter. My first question is about your residential business, which I know the organic growth up 6.5% in the fourth quarter. I think that was better than what we were expecting, and certainly better than what the Street was expecting. I think the Street was a little concerned, based on some web traffic data, and credit card data and other things that, were floating out there, but there really doesn't seem to be much of a correlation there at all. Can you talk about, what drove this better-than-expected result? Was there a big surge in one-time sales, or surge it and lead flow? Just any color would be helpful?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. Tim, this is Jerry. It's interesting to me, we often see a lot of the reports with the data, the website data and the visitors. And as we see those items come up, sometimes it confuses us, because what we - what those reports say aren't necessarily aligned with what we're seeing day-to-day in the market. So there's a time or two where it ties, but I would say more often than not, some of those data just don't tie out. We've seen this time-and-time again with credit card processing data, et cetera. And it's rarely tied out or at least it's fairly uncommon. Our residential business was strong in the fourth quarter. Our customer base is larger that we carry it into the fourth quarter that, was helpful. We did see also rises in calls, for especially rodents in November and December. The population of rodents, particularly rats and mice, really had a strong pop late in the year. And there's a recent article out there, University of Richmond study that talks about, how - in most of these very urban markets, these rodent populations, especially rats, are just thriving. And we're certainly seeing that opportunity in the business as well. So we had very strong lead demand, a lot of call volume coming into the business that may not necessarily have been aligned, with what some of the data others are seeing out there are publishing.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you. For my follow-up, I actually want to switch gears completely, and ask a question on sales and marketing. I appreciate the extra disclosure that, you gave for your different expense buckets in the press release, where I noticed that sales and marketing expense, really jumped up about 70 basis points in the fourth quarter, I think, 40 basis points in 2024. Now a skeptical investor, might look at that and say, you're just having to spend more on leads, your cost per lead is going up. I'm curious what would be your response to that? What data can you share, to prove that the increased spend, is more about growth investments rather than just your CAC is going up? Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. So the - when you look at the S part of the SG&A the sales and, which could include marketing, it's our people costs. It's the investments we're making in sales staffing, not that we're spending irrationally into the market, to drive the phone calls to our business. We have not seen that. And as I've stated repeatedly, over the last couple of years, we still spend as a percent of revenue. Very similar amounts in investing in our business, to drive new leads into our business, both direct allocated leads that come in, as well as our mass media advertising that say, an Orkin brand would do. We still spend at the same percent of revenue that, we've historically spent at the investments, are made in our people. And that's where you see, that many of those people, especially say, in the fourth quarter. Are both on the commercial side, and then also on our termite and ancillary business, which is heavily cross-sell, and you see the organic growth rates there. That's not having to drive leads into the business. Those are creative sales opportunities that, are coming from cross-selling, to our existing customer base, not by just irrationally spending into the market. And - these are sustainable ways, to drive long-term organic growth through, investments in our people and investments in our staffing. And I realize that might confused some people. But we monitor cost per lead, especially in businesses like Orkin very, very carefully, very closely. And we are committed to not spending irrationally and just trying to buy business.
Kenneth Krause: The one thing, I would add to Jerry's comment there is, I would point you back to - I think an important thing to think about, is our investment meeting - investor conference last May, where we showcased the diversity in the approach, to acquiring customers. And you could see, it's not solely focused on digital. It's not solely focused on one avenue, to our customer. It's a very broad-based approach. And Jerry is spot on. When we look at the investments that we made in the last say, six months, they're very heavily tilted towards people, that's helped us drive demand across the business, not just in one sector, but across the business. But talking about the resi area a little bit closer, what gives us some optimism there, is the recurring growth is stepping up. There for a while, we were talking about it approaching 6%. It's solidly in that 6% to 7% here. So it's not like it's one-time business driving that resi area. It's really a nice recurring revenue that's coming through that's providing, some wind in our sales.
Operator: The next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning.
George Tong: Hi. Can you detail how much auto claims activity impacted EBITDA margins in the quarter?
Kenneth Krause: Certainly, George. It was - if you look at it, there were two buckets of claims experience that came through. We lost about 40 basis points, of leverage across the P&L. 20 basis points of that leverage was, or loss leverage was in gross margin. The other 20 basis points was in SG&A. And it's one of those areas that we're dealing with, we continue to deal with. These claims are legacy claims from years ago that, we're working through. But we're doing a nice job, at really making investments in a number of safety programs, to ensure our workforce gets home safely each and every day. Our safety systems and our trucks, the scoring systems that we're monitoring, and a number of other measures that we're taking, to really improve the current performance and the safety, most importantly, the safety of our folks that are out on the highways.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful context. And then in your commercial business, the growth there decelerated a bit in the quarter despite easier comps. Can you elaborate on trends you're seeing there that, may be driving that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. So looking at the fourth quarter, we're still really optimistic about what's going on in the commercial side. The Orkin business, Orkin commercial. Keep in mind, not all of our all commercial businesses at Orkin, we have other brands that also perform commercial business. So the fourth quarter was a little - it was a little bit softer, but I don't think it's indicative of anything, especially as we started the year already. That business is really strong. Sometimes in the commercial space, you have some large one-time jobs. You could have some large bird jobs. You could have some commodity fumigations that occur, especially around the holidays that may not reoccur in the same cycle the following year. So we had - there's some of that type of activity that laps that affects the commercial number. The commercial business is still really strong. It's been strong out of the gates, here already in January and nothing that, certainly nothing that I'm at all concerned about.
George Tong: Got it. Very helpful, thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays. Please proceed
Ronan Kennedy: Hi, good morning. This is Ronan Kennedy on for Manav. Thank you for taking my questions. Can I just confirm in response to the question posed, by George on the auto claims. Does that imply that there's potential for this to continue, versus it being a one-time event? Can you give some further insight there?
Kenneth Krause: It's always hard - thanks for the question. It's always hard to predict these sorts of things. We've been dealing with it. If you go back several years, we've been dealing with some volatility associated with this. We have so many folks that are out on the road. And what we saw, as we came out of COVID, as you just saw an uptick in claims experience, and the cost of claims activity. And so, we saw that happen as we came out of COVID. So we've been dealing with it, for some time. But we've been putting a number of measures in place, to mitigate exposures going forward, a lot of safety measures in our trucks taking advantage of the technologies that, are out there to help improve the safety experience, of our technicians on the highway.
Ronan Kennedy: Okay. Thank you. And for my follow-up, please, could I just - you touched on this to a certain extent, but an assessment of the progress made in the modernization of back office, and the centralizing services and processes. So I think the intent there is amongst the benefits to be a better acquirer of businesses, but also the ability to fund sales and marketing investments. I think you referenced 50 bps of leverage there since '22 from takeout of those admin costs. To what extent is that happening now? And when can we expect to see that ramp?
Kenneth Krause: Sure. Great question, and thank you for it. When you look at the business, if you go back to '22, for example, and that's when this really started to occur, between '22 and year-end '24. What you'll see is the savings from administrative costs of about 50 basis points has completely offset the selling and marketing increase, over that same time period. And so, we certainly are taking costs out, and we're helping fund those activities. It may not be a one-for-one match every single quarter. But generally, over the long-term, that's the focus is try to redeploy those investments, into customer-facing demand creation sort of investments. When we think about the other steps we're taking, I think we're still very early on. We made a ton of progress, with our capital structure and a number of other measures, with bringing a lot of new folks on board. And also with respect to the credit ratings, which we announced earlier today. So we made a ton of progress, I think, across those areas. But we certainly have a lot ahead of us, and a lot of opportunity to continue to be a better acquirer and a better, quite frankly, integrator of some of these businesses that, we're acquiring along the way.
Ronan Kennedy: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital. Please proceed.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on the pricing increases in 2025. A number of business services companies, are talking about normalization of price increases. I was just wondering if you could comment on your ability to continue, to drive 3% to 4% price increase in 2025 on the consumer side, but also if you could comment on the pricing trends within the commercial business? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you for the question on pricing. When we look at pricing, we've always talked about CPI plus level pricing. I think we all saw the CPI print yesterday. It still remains at a relatively elevated level. I think we still have an opportunity to get above CPI level, of pricing here in 2025, probably similar to the pricing that we got in the last year or two. And so, there's no reason for us to take our foot off the gas, when it comes to the pricing. We feel like we're providing a very essential service to our customers. Our customers see the value of the service, and we price it slightly ahead of what CPI is coming in at. So we feel pretty good about our position with pricing in the marketplace.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great color. And then maybe just switching gear, about the growth investments obviously very high ROI on those investments. But how do we think about those investments going into 2025. You've guided to roughly 30% incremental margins, but I was just curious if you could provide some color, on the quarterly cadence there. How should we think about the timing, of those investments? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: Thanks for the question on the growth investments. When we look at the growth investments, we think the first half you'll see a slightly elevated level of year-over-year of growth investments. And so, we continue to invest. We started to really ramp up the investments in the second half of last year. So you'll start to lap that as you get into the second half of 2025. But I think for the first half, it will be a more challenging comp for us. The other area that we're looking at as we go into 2025, is just fleet costs. The cost of vehicles, compared to what we bought, or what we leased two, three years ago, those are coming back in. We're replacing them. So the costs are going up slightly in those areas as well. But our pricing, we feel very good about. We feel very good about the ability, to get gross margin leverage with that 3% to 4% price increase.
Ashish Sabadra: Very helpful color and congrats on such a strong top line momentum. Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Haas with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jason Haas: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I was curious if you could comment on what you're seeing from an organic growth perspective so far this year. And then, we've heard some concern in the industry that there was a pretty severe cold weather in January that essentially, I guess, killed off some of the eggs and larvae from some of the pests. And I guess I don't know the rodent populations as well in January. So there's a concern that we could see a muted spring selling season. So I was curious, if that's a dynamic that you're seeing and if you agree with that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Jason, this is Jerry. I don't necessarily think that we've seen that. In January, we're off to a pretty strong start. It's interesting you think about insects and related pests. They're all very adaptive. A lot of mechanisms to survive difficult conditions. You think about - one example, I'll give you is I think about mosquitoes in Minnesota. Mosquitoes in Minnesota, can be really bad once you get to spring or summer. And guess what, they'll probably be really bad again this year, because those mosquitoes are able to over winter in immature stages, they're able to over winter and do just fine, because they're back. Back in the late spring, they're back biting people. And when you think about mosquitoes, one mosquito is too many mosquito. So that one mosquito bite you 10 times, whether there's 10 mosquitoes or one mosquito, doesn't matter. One mosquito is too many, right? So I don't get too hung up on that. We see it as - all those things are opportunities that you see right now, in parts of the country. We're getting a lot of moisture and rain. You could also make the case that excess of moisture is very good, for certain insect populations. To me, if there's some insect, or maybe something that doesn't do well surviving the winter, maybe some invasive species that comes in. And is in a climate that is not as well adapted to, and populations collapse, because it's in too cold of an area or something like that. I certainly see that. But for the primary past that recur in the same markets year-after-year, we've never seen any cycle of weather that has radically changed the pest populations. They still manage to come back in the spring just fine.
Kenneth Krause: It's interesting, when you look at the start of the year, compared to the prior year with respect to weather, oftentimes, you might have a disparity in the weather patterns year-over-year. However, last January in 2024, it was a tough weather comp, too. So we did have some bad weather here in January, and I can attest to it from the snowfall that we saw in Atlanta. And so, we certainly had some bad weather in January this year, but we had a similar experience a year ago. Our growth continues to be very healthy. Second half of this year of 2024, was up versus the first half, and that's the first time, we've seen that in several years. And so, we see a really nice trajectory of growth here, as we start the New Year.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's great to hear. And then can you - I just wanted to ask you again on the incrementals. I think you have said that it was a 40 basis point headwind, from the auto claims. So it was getting like a little over $3 million. So excluding that in 4Q, I was getting incrementals of about 23%. I guess the other piece that keeps, because I know you said the underlying business was approaching 30%. So I guess the other piece was the investments that you're making. So can you just help us bridge to getting closer, to the 30% incrementals for 2025? Because it sounds like some of those investments, maybe the auto claims don't all repeat, but it sounds like some of those investments will continue. And then, even more just like bigger picture, I know the long-term target is 30% to 35%. Can you help us bridge to that as well, and what can increase incremental margins over time? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: Certainly, Jason. So when you look at the quarter, there was $4 million to $5 million of absolute dollars spent in those insurance, and claims that were just unfortunately came through, and materialized late in the quarter. We had about call it, $6 million or so of what we call sales and marketing, people costs, primarily. And then you had some - about $2 million of things that, shouldn't repeat they were new, and they shouldn't repeat in the quarter. So I mean you had $10 million to $15 million of things that, we identified in the quarter that came through. If you take some of those things out. And again, there's always going to be things that occur from time-to-time. But if you do adjust for some of those things, we were there. But more importantly, when I look at the business, and what gives me confidence in our ability to get 30% to 40%. Is just look at the first half of last year, it was 30% to 40% of incremental margins. You go back in the '23 in the third quarter, you had 35% to 40%. I mean this business is certainly capable, of generating that type of incremental margin profile, and we feel good about it. When we think about the first half, you might see a slightly lower incremental margin to start the year. But we feel like it's temporary. We feel like we've got to be able to go after, and acquire customers that are going to be with us for four or five, six, sometimes even longer, and the lifetime value of those customers is so great. And what you're seeing with the growth we're putting up right now, is we're acquiring those customers. Those customers will pay off for us in future quarters, future years. And those are the reasons why, we continue to grow through economic recessions, pandemics, industrial slowdowns. Those are the reasons, we continue to do so well through all those various economic cycles that, we're taking a long-term view on the business. We're investing in it. We're bringing new customers, and we're growing our base.
Jason Haas: All right. Thank you, that's great to hear.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Aadit Shrestha with Stifel. Please proceed.
Aadit Shrestha: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. You mentioned outside deal contribution again in 2025, I think about 2% to 3%. How much of that is already in hand from rollover, from deals you already did in '24 and what you've already done in '25?
Kenneth Krause: Yes, it's approaching 2% in terms of carryover. So we feel pretty good about our ability to get that 2% to 3%. And our pipeline is strong. I mean we've got - we've got a number of opportunities in the pipeline that range from the small tuck-in sort of level to those that look like Fox in terms of $200 million to $400 million of acquisitions. So we're prepared, and we're positioned extremely well, to continue to deliver on that commitment.
Aadit Shrestha: Okay. Great. And just as a follow-up, the investment-grade rating in hand, so - now you have access to cheaper capital and wrongs versus historically now you're more comfortable with debt. So does this open up a larger pipeline opportunities for M&A? And maybe in the past may have decided not to pursue just, because now the return on the capital will be fit within your requirements?
Kenneth Krause: What I would say is we have so many opportunities in the middle of the fairway. And when I talk about the fairway, it's what we've been doing for years. You're not going to see a major inflection point, where we're going and changing the strategy. Our focus is investment grade. Our focus is to continue to manage this business and investment grade, but take advantage of the opportunities that a company like us should have. And that's why we went after and got the credit rating, was we want to avail ourselves to the opportunity that we should be, should have available to us. And so, but with respect to your question, we're going to continue to execute this business the same way we've done for, under our leadership, but also past leadership. The approach is working and we're - we feel like there's a lot of runway left, to execute on that approach.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. So Aadit, I'll add to that. We will still have a very disciplined approach to how we both pace, how we value, how we assess acquisitions. And yes, the maybe going to - this happens credit rating helps, lower our hurdle rate for return on investment, those kinds of things. But we are still going to be maintaining the same strategy that, we've had for a very long time, and being very conservative in how we approach things.
Aadit Shrestha: Great. Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Chan with UBS. Please proceed.
Karan Singhania: Hi. Good morning. This is Karan Singhania on for Josh. If I could ask a question maybe on what you're seeing on the cost inflation side. What you're seeing maybe just across the board, but labor material and equipment. And what are your expectations for 2025 versus what you saw in 2024?
Kenneth Krause: We feel like the inflation is very much under control. We continue to see -- and what gives us confidence in the ability to say that is, when you look at the gross margin level. And you look at - when you isolate things that we're doing, in terms of adding folks to go after growth, from the underlying business in materials and supplies and those other things. We feel good about our ability to manage inflation. I mentioned earlier, the one area that we see outsized inflation maybe is in the fleet area. That - when you look at - just look at the lease liability that we have on the books, it's stepped up of late. You look at the cost of acquiring new leases relative to two, three, four years ago, it's a higher cost. And so that's something that that's probably more of a headwind. But when you look at the other areas of the P&L, that's not a large area of the P&L, by any stretch. But when you look at the other areas, people our largest area. We feel very well managed, and ability to continue to manage that.
Karan Singhania: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe for my follow-up, if I can ask a question on the different sales channels, what are your priorities for 2025 with respect to those areas? And - how do you expect that, to drive like volume performance for the year?
Kenneth Krause: Could you repeat that question again? I missed the first half of your question.
Karan Singhania: Oh sorry, yes, sure. So basically, I wanted to ask you about the different sales channels that you have? And how are you thinking about that for 2025? And like how do you expect those to drive some volume performance over there?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. So this is Jerry. I think each of our channels, as I stated, they're all performing well and doing well, and we aim to continue to have all of them keep that momentum that we currently have. We see the residential business, as a continued opportunity to grow. We have a multifaceted way to acquire new customers that's dependent on our brands. We have the commercial business, those investments we made last year. Continue to payoff for us as we try to drive execution, efficiency, sales productivity, those types of things, continue to drive that business. And we think our brands are what will continue to help us drive that. And then continuing to drive on the termite, and the ancillary side. As you see in the growth rates of that is continued opportunity. We haven't seen any concerns with the consumer. When there's a severe say, rat infestation in the attic, and we've got to do other exclusion work, or major remediation of contaminated insulation and these types of things. We haven't seen resistance from our customers not willing to pay for that service. So all those channels for us, execution in all three of those areas will continue to be a focus for us, and we see all three of them, as excellent opportunities as we go into 2025.
Karan Singhania: Understood. Thank you for the color.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Peter Sullvian: Hi, good morning, guys. This is Peter Sullivan on for Stephanie Moore.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Hi Peter.
Peter Sullvian: So how's it going? I was just curious about your strategy for continuing momentum in new business wins. What are you guys seeing in your end, when it comes to through digital versus door? And then also, is there a dispersion in retention for gaining customers through these avenues? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: We feel like it's getting - we're going to continue to have a multifaceted approach to customer acquisition. That's a really important part of our strategy. We've been very successful - and when you look at it, the cost might differ across the different categories, the retention doesn't necessarily differ. The retention is very healthy across those various categories. So we feel we feel really good about our ability to continue to do that. And when we look at acquisitions, when we buy businesses, we look at their geographic footprint, and how complementary it might be to us. We look at the way they access their customers. We look at the way they service their customers. So we're always looking at adding diversification to our arsenal, in terms of how we approach our customers. And so, we feel good. We feel really good about those various channels.
Peter Sullvian: Appreciate it, guys. And then for my follow-up, I was curious a little bit on to switch it up to the labor side. And then looking at kind of the consolidation of the competitive landscape, are you guys seeing any noticeable change in say, technician turnover and then some context, on what the technician hiring environment currently is? Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry. Yes, we had a good hiring environment in 2024, as I mentioned. It's probably the - I'm still not going to describe it as - I wouldn't fully describe it as easy. But compared to, say, 2020 and 2021, it definitely feels easier. And so, from that standpoint, we did a great job of being staffed, to meet the demands of our customers, probably better than we have in the previous five years. And so, we don't see anything changing there. We monitor pay. We try to make sure that we pay our people very competitively. We try to be in the top quartile of pay to make sure we retain people, offer great benefits and a great place to work. So a great career opportunity. So the - while certainly the people expenses are the majority of our real expenses of our business, it's also where we spend a lot of our time, and make a lot of our investment. So we're pretty comfortable, and confident in the position that we're in today.
Kenneth Krause: I guess maybe, Jerry, the one thing maybe is the retention that, we continue to focus on investing in retention, and the real impact of that with customer engagement, and profitability across the business. It's certainly an area it's an opportunity. We continue to make strides there, but we're certainly not finished with respect, to our efforts on retention.
Peter Sullvian: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter earnings call in a few months.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Rollins Inc. Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Lyndsey Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Lyndsey Burton: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. In addition to the earnings release that we issued yesterday, the company has also prepared a supporting slide presentation. The earnings release and presentation are available on our website at www.rollins.com. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our earnings release. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. On the line with me today and speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff, President and Chief Executive Officer and Ken Krause, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open the line for your questions. Jerry, would you like to begin?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Thank you, Lyndsey. Good morning, everyone. We would like to begin our discussion today by offering our support and encouragement to all of those who have been impacted by the recent hurricanes. I'm proud of the way our team has worked together to support our teammates and the communities we serve in the aftermath of these disasters. The Rollins’ relief fund has processed over 250 emergency grants for teammates in need. And we continue to direct truckloads of food, water and other necessities to impacted areas. Our efforts will continue in the days, weeks and months ahead as these communities begin to recover. Turning to our financial results, our team delivered another solid quarter, reflecting consistent execution of our operating strategies and continuous improvement in our business. Our team delivered these results despite some operational disruption caused by Hurricane Helene, which occurred during the last week of the quarter. Our financial performance for the third quarter was highlighted by an increase in revenue of 9% to $916 million and we delivered healthy organic growth of 7.7% in the quarter. Overall, we continue to see solid revenue growth across all major service lines. We continue to invest in growing our business and adding to our customer base, as the markets we serve remain strong. We invested significantly in incremental sales staffing and marketing activities in Q3 and we're well staffed to convert quality leads and sales efforts into new customer growth, which our results in the quarter reflect. On the commercial side of the business, we continue to make long-term investments to capitalize on the growth opportunities in a multi-billion dollar B2B market. Our commercial division continues to strategically add feet on the street to our sales force and we are leveraging data analytics and training to better enable their success. Investments to drive organic growth are complemented by strategic M&A. We closed 32 tuck-in deals in the first nine months of the year and the M&A pipeline remains healthy. We're actively evaluating acquisition opportunities both domestically and internationally and remain on track to deliver at least 2% of growth from M&A activity in 2024. Beyond growth, our dedication to operational efficiency and continuous improvement is an important part of our strategy and culture. Tim will discuss in more detail, but investments we made to support long-term growth objectives did temper margins a bit in the quarter. But we remain on track to deliver healthy margin improvement and profitability for the year. In yesterday's release, we also announced a planned leadership transition at our board of directors. In accordance with the company's long-term leadership succession plan, Gary Rollins will transition from Executive Chairman to Executive Chairman Emeritus and John Wilson will succeed him as Executive Chairman of the Board. Gary was elected to a three-year term during our 2024 annual meeting and will continue to be an active and engaged member of our board. John has been with our company since 1996 in various positions of increasing responsibility. I've known John for 20 years and his experience and guidance have been invaluable to me as I have transitioned to the role of CEO over the last two years. I look forward to continuing to work with John, Gary and the rest of our Board as we position our company for continued success in the future. In closing, we're excited about where our business stands today. Our markets are solid, staffing levels are healthy and our team is focused on driving continuous improvement and profitable growth. I want to thank each of our 20,000 plus teammates around the world for their ongoing commitment to our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Ken. Ken?
Kenneth Krause: Thank you, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. We are now nine months into 2024 and we've delivered solid financial results. Year-to-date, we've delivered double-digit improvement across all major P&L metrics year-over-year and EBITDA margin improvement of 50 basis points, despite making significant investments in the business here in Q3. Cash flow continues to be strong, with free cash flow growing nearly 12% year-to-date, enabling a 10% increase to our dividend which we announced earlier this week. With this increase, we have raised our regular dividend by approximately 65% since the beginning of 2022, while continuing to meaningfully invest in the growth of our business. This is a reflection of our disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, our ongoing commitment to return capital to shareholders and the confidence we have in our future. Looking closer at the third quarter, our team executed exceptionally well and delivered Q3 revenue growth of 9% year-over-year, with organic growth of 7.7% at the high end of the 7% to 8% range we've discussed this year. We delivered good growth across each of our service offerings. In the third quarter, residential revenues increased 6.4%, commercial pest control rose 9.4%, and termite and ancillary increased by 14.5%. Organic growth was also healthy across the portfolio with growth of 4.9% in residential, 8.1% in commercial and 13.7% in the termite and ancillary area of our business. Turning to profitability, our gross margins were 54%, up 20 basis points versus last year. We continue to be positive on the price cost equation. Pressures from incremental people investments were offset by leverage in materials and supplies as well as fleet. Quarterly adjusted SG&A cost as a percentage of revenue increased by 100 basis points versus last year. This was primarily driven by incremental investments in people to support our growth initiatives and the uptick in advertising spend that we expected and previously discussed during our Q2 earnings call. Third quarter GAAP operating income was $192 million, up 8.3% year-over-year. Operating margins were 20.9%, down 20 basis points year-over-year. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $219 million, up over 5% and representing a 24% margin. Margins were down 80 basis points versus last year. And adjusted incremental EBITDA margins were 15.1% in the quarter, reflecting incremental investments in people and growth programs during the quarter. The effective tax rate was approximately 26.1% in the quarter, and we continue to expect an ETR of approximately 26% for the year, which implies a rate that is just over 27% for the fourth quarter. Quarterly GAAP net income was $137 million or $0.28 per share, increasing 7.7% from $0.26 per share in the same period a year ago. Accounting for certain non-GAAP adjustments, adjusted net income for the quarter was $140 million or $0.29 per share, increasing nearly 4% from the same period a year ago, despite a higher level of interest costs and the investments we are making in growth oriented initiatives. We remain on track to deliver healthy profitability for the full year, driven by solid growth and an improving margin profile. We continue to focus on driving further improvements, while investing in our business and capturing growth in our very attractive end markets. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Quarterly cash flow was $139 million, up a very healthy 16% versus last year. Free cash flow conversion was 102% for the quarter and 110% year-to-date. We made acquisitions totaling $24 million and we paid $73 million in dividends in the quarter. Year-to-date, we have made acquisitions of $106 million and returned $218 million to shareholders through our dividend. Additionally, we had just announced a 10% increase to our dividend earlier this week. This represents over two decades of consecutive increases in annual dividend payments. Debt to EBITDA leverage is well below one-time on a gross and net level. Our balance sheet is healthy and we are well positioned and committed to continue to maintain our balanced approach to capital allocation. In closing, we continue to focus on investing for growth, while executing on our continuous improvement and modernization initiatives. We are starting the last quarter of the year with healthy organic demand and we remain committed to investing in our people and providing our customers with the best customer experience. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: So residential organic, I wanted to ask about that. It's I guess, 5% year-to-date, still indicative of a healthy market. I recognize that, but maybe slightly below what we've seen over the last several years. So I'm just curious, how would you characterize the health of the consumer today? And could you maybe break that growth down between your recurring revenue stream and one-time sales?
Kenneth Krause: We appreciate that. When we dive in and we look at the overall growth of the business, we continue to remain very optimistic, very confident in our outlook. We talked about 7% to 8%. We delivered 7.7% here in the quarter and 7.7% organic growth year-to-date. When you look closer at the residential business, it's an area that we're also pretty pleased with the performance, especially when we look at the recurring revenue in the business. Back in September, we spoke on a public webcast and talked about the fact that we were seeing 6% plus recurring revenue growth coming through the residential sector. And that's where we finished. That's where we've been for the better part of the year. And so, we're pretty pleased with that level of recurring revenue growth, especially in the residential sector. When I look at the business in the quarter, Jerry pointed out the fact that, unfortunately, we all had to deal with the effects of the hurricane late in the quarter. But if you set that aside and you look at what happened as a result of that hurricane, it probably had about a $2 million or so impact on revenue growth. And so we would have probably delivered organic growth that would have been slightly higher than the 7.7%, closer to the high end, the 8% that we have talked about in the business. So overall, we remain very pleased with the performance. The team is doing an exceptional job at delivering yet another quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff : And the health of the residential consumer does appear still strong to us. We see good growth in termite and ancillary, a good acceptance of our cross-sell campaigns and other things. So if there's anything that's been more inconsistent, it's the onetime piece. And the residential recurring, that's what we're really investing in with marketing, trying to drive quality leads. That's what we invest in with door-to-door and any other type of channel that we go to is to try to create recurring revenue streams. And the investments we made in the third quarter will pay off for us in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year as our customer base is bigger as we head into the back end of the year.
Tim Mulrooney : That's a lot of helpful color. I'm just going to switch gears really quickly because, Ken, I think I remember having a conversation with you a couple of months ago about really like when you're looking at incremental margins, you're really trying to hit that in that target range, not any particular quarter but more, like, if you look at it on an LTM basis, right? So that's kind of how we're analyzing the business, thinking about it from that standpoint. So I guess my question is, if we look at incremental margins on an LTM basis, do you expect them to be essentially in line with your target range for the full year this year? Or might that be different given the incremental investments?
Kenneth Krause: We continue to remain confident in our outlook on incremental margins. With a business that's generating gross margins of 54%, we feel like the contribution or the incremental margins should be approximating that 30% level. And in fact, when you look at the quarter and you peel back the performance, you unpack the performance a little bit and look at it a little bit closer, what you see is that we spent more in selling and marketing. We saw an opportunity in a very attractive growth market to invest and grow our businesses, and just alluding to what Jerry just spoke about. So we spent a little bit more there. If you set that aside, along with some of the investments we made on the tech side to accelerate the start rate that we have in our business, you'd see an incremental margin that would be right around 30% here in the quarter. So we continue to remain confident in our ability to deliver 30% plus incremental margins longer term.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes, this quarter is more of a timing issue more than anything as we indicated at the end of Q2.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.
Toni Kaplan : I also wanted to ask about margin. You mentioned the growth investments in hiring more people. Should we expect further investment in future quarters? Or was this more of a catch up to where you want to be? And just if you could talk about which segments you're investing in and most of that would be the best.
Kenneth Krause: Sure. When we look at the investments, this is a growth business. It's a growth market. We continue to see great growth opportunities. So we're going to continue to invest in the business. When I go back and unpack the investments we made this quarter, I would look at them through two or three lenses. One is on our service side and our service technicians. Because we know the importance of getting out and starting our lead -- getting our leads converted into starts, we have certainly invested in the service side of our business. That's probably about a 30 basis point headwind on gross margins in the quarter. The second area that we made investments here is in our sales and our sales engine and our sales people. We've talked about the fact that our commercial business remains a very important area of our business combined with our residential. And so, we're investing disproportionately in the sales end of our business and you saw that come through along with the increased advertising spend that we had here in the quarter to the tune of about 100 basis points. So you probably don't expect that level of investment every single quarter, but you're going to see us invest in this business following the various strategic initiatives that we talked about back at our Investor Day back in May.
Jerry Gahlhoff : And to add a little color to that when I look back at Q3 of 2023 compared to 2024 on our staffing levels, just thinking -- just peeling back, just working itself. You think on the commercial side, we are looking at the data to say, hey, where do we have adequate coverage given the market and we're going to continue to invest where that opportunity is there. If it gets difficult to scale or the data sets that we've got good penetrated -- the penetration that we need and we have the right people in the right places for where the opportunities are that will certainly slow down. But we'll let the data and then how we're doing operationally from a scalability standpoint will help us dictate that. And then on the residential side, selling termite, cross-sell, ancillary business, those kinds of things that staffing is up double-digits just like the commercial side is as we continue to make those investments there. And the opportunities there, the consumer is taking the services and buying the services, as you see in our results. And we find that to be a very worthwhile investment and we'll continue to do that so long as the market holds it.
Toni Kaplan : And I wanted to ask about pricing as we approach the end of the year and thinking about your strategy into next year. I think we've been in a little bit of a unique environment in the last couple of years in terms of we had the inflation and then it's been cooling. So I know we've been a little bit on the higher side on price in the past couple of years. Do you see that sort of higher-than-normal price level of increases continuing into 2025 when you're looking at your data and stuff like that? Just how are you thinking about it?
Jerry Gahlhoff : So Ken and I just recently spent hours in a room together reviewing those data from our price increase results this year, and there's not been anything in there that -- in the data from what we see and what we understand about the consumer that scares us off of continuing to get a fair price for our service. And if we're doing a good job, we should reward -- be rewarded for that, and our technicians in the field should be rewarded for that as well. So we've not seen anything in the data that would cause us to change course from anything that we've already indicated to you.
Kenneth Krause: Both internally but also externally. When you look at CPI, we've consistently talked about CPI plus level of pricing. And CPI coming back roughly 2.5% recently gives us no reason to step back on the pricing and pare that back. We feel like this is an essential service and we should be able to be rewarded. And we should be able to reward our service technicians with the pricing that we've seen in the last couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Haas with Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst : This is [Aude Ashkar] on for Jason Hass. I wanted to ask on the commercial side. Just any update there in terms of the strategy around splitting the brands and adding to the sales force? I think there's eventual plans to create a second division. And can you just remind us there of the margin opportunity being able to capitalize on multiple branches across a single digital media channel?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes. We still continue to have a pretty long runway on the commercial side and how we structure that business, how we open new branches. And to your point about opening another division, those types of things, we're still in -- probably in the first two or three innings of what's possible there on the commercial side, and we're going to continue to invest in those opportunities. And even from a margin standpoint, the commercial side tends to drive some stickier customer base and just -- and a very appealing margin opportunity there as well on that side of the business. So we see nothing but good things from the future on that commercial strategy. And we're just, like I said, still in the early stages.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just if you can maybe talk about the trends you're seeing in commercial between the national accounts and the SMEs. And just wondering of your guys take on advertising for SMEs relative to the resi side of the business, maybe differences or similarities that you would call out there?
Jerry Gahlhoff : I don't think there's been anything -- any sort of significant shift in that space how -- from a competitive standpoint. I think we've been making a more conservative effort, especially within the Orkin brand to focus on the commercial side and our marketing strategy there. And we've allocated more dollars into the commercial space ourselves to do that. But I don't think there's been any significant shift in the competitive environment or anything along those lines from an advertising standpoint or a go-to-market strategy that we've seen.
Kenneth Krause : The team continues to do well. Scott Weaver is heading up our business in Orkin in the commercial side and we're seeing nice results there. But also I was just talking to our business leader, Rob Quinn yesterday up in Canada, and he's talking about the good performance we're seeing coming out of our Canadian commercial business.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Mostly a commercial business.
Kenneth Krause: Substantially all commercial. And so really good results across both of those markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
David Paige : This is David Paige on for Ashish. Congrats on the good results. A question on termite and ancillary or just other maybe untapped potential in the residential space that you -- I guess, that the company is looking to capitalize outside of the current operators that you have.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes. We're always looking for new services and new opportunities in and around the home that we can maybe expand to. And some of those are geographic in nature based on construction type of the house or certain types of pests and things like that. So there haven't been anything -- there's nothing revolutionary that we've seen other than the continuation of adding more sales staff to increase the number of customers with more than one service for us. And that's why we continue to be so successful adding our home sales inspectors to offer those types of ancillary services. And another great opportunity is selling more recurring termite. We have a lot of customers that have pest control that don't have termite control that we can continue to offer that service to through cross-marketing, cross-selling campaigns. So we're pretty good at sticking to what works. There's so much opportunity there and we're just continuing to invest and drive that part of the business.
David Paige : And just a follow-up on in terms of inorganic investment, given the robust free cash generation, the low debt leverage. Anything we should keep in mind for there in terms of verticals or geographies that you'd be targeting?
Kenneth Krause : No, nothing noteworthy there other than we're going to continue to deploy capital and M&A. We continue to have a focus on delivering 2% to 3% of revenue growth from M&A each year. Markets remain very healthy, an incredibly attractive market, so you certainly do have competition from time to time. But we've been able to separate ourselves by how we treat the acquisitions that we bring into the fold and how we treat the teams and the brands. And that's a meaningful difference for us in our markets. But in terms of new markets, we see so much opportunity. It's such a fragmented, such a large and growing market, the pest control market that we're going to continue to remain committed to that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs.
George Tong : You mentioned seeing disruptions to operations from Hurricane Helene during the last week of the quarter. Can you discuss which parts of the business this impacted the most and whether you expect any spillover effect in 4Q?
Jerry Gahlhoff : So it was really the -- obviously, the Southeast United States, the coastal areas of Florida where we have a strong presence, both in the Orkin brands as well as brands like HomeTeam in Northwest, all up the West Coast of Florida and parts of the East Coast of Florida too as that storm had pushed through and had tornadoes in the southeast and central part of the Eastern Coast of Florida. So there was a lot going on there. We had a lot of branch closures for several days. We focus on making sure we are prepared for the storms as they're coming and letting our people prepare. We know that the more people prepare, the faster we can respond and get back to work if people are in a good place themselves. So we had a lot of branch closures for several days. We got back up on our feet after Helene. And then Wham, you get another one that caused significantly more challenges. Talking to our people in the field, number one, it happened very early in the quarter, in the fourth quarter. So it gives us plenty of time to respond and recover. I'm sure there will be some customer losses along the coastal -- the immediate coast. But I don't think that's anything too severe that we can't recover from. We've looked at our forecast for October and the future and there's really nothing there, Ken that we've seen in the Southeast U.S. that gives us a lot of pause about the fourth quarter, is there?
Kenneth Krause : No, not the outlook. Not really impacting the outlook all that much. But the quarter, you look at Southeast, it was probably one of the slower growing regions in the quarter because of the hurricane impact late in the quarter. To the earlier question we had on the call, I do think that if we did not have the impact of that hurricane the last couple of days, we probably would have seen organic growth even stronger coming through as opposed to the 7.7%. So it did impact us. But as we think about the outlook, we feel like, as Jerry said, we have enough time here left in this quarter to make up for what we had in October.
George Tong : And then as it relates to your growth investments, can you elaborate on what you saw this quarter that prompted you to step up the spend? How would you assess the possibility that growth investments will remain elevated at 3Q levels going forward if market conditions support it?
Kenneth Krause : I think the thing that gave us the most hope was the fact that we were seeing 8% organic growth coming through. Leads were strong. Market was very healthy. So we continue to see that, and it's provided Jerry and I and the business leaders, Pat and Stanford, the level of confidence to invest. And it's not that we're investing in every single one of our brands at the same pace, but we did certainly were able to identify certain areas and make more significant investments in certain areas. And so that's really what came through. As far as the outlook and next steps go, yes, we're going to -- we can't say what pace we're going to invest in at this point, but we certainly are going to continue to invest. We firmly believe this is a growth market. This is a growth opportunity. And in order to be most successful, we've got to invest in our people and capturing additional customers.
Jerry Gahlhoff : And I think part of the algorithm is that you want to acquire customers in the second and third quarter, build your base. Because the phones aren't ringing near as much in the fourth quarter and the first quarter as they do in peak season. So in Q2, Q3 is where you grow your recurring customer base and that's your bread and butter as you go into the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of 2025, is having a significantly higher customer base in which to serve. That -- and so that makes me very comfortable with the outlook knowing the customer base is healthy and strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aadit Shrestha with Stifel.
Aadit Shrestha : Just going back to sort of the price. How did price cost spread trend in 3Q '24 versus, let's say, 2Q '24? And on a recurring basis, what sort of margin expansion would you expect from just that spread alone? And would you expect a similar trend in FY'25?
Kenneth Krause : Hard to say what 2025 will be at this point just yet in terms of margin opportunity and spread. But when you're getting 3% to 4% price increase in this business, you should see margins improve. If I look at the quarter and I unpacked the quarter, we had 20 basis points of improvement in gross margin. But we invested 30 basis points in our service area. So when you set that aside, you had about 50 basis points of leverage coming through in the quarter in gross margin. It was good to see. And we're hopeful that we'll be able to continue to deliver that pace of improvement going forward. But you know as well as I do that from a quarter-to-quarter basis, things can shift.
Aadit Shrestha : And just a follow-up. Commercial growth has been pretty strong because of the investments you've been making. And do you see this sort of as high single-digits growth -- organic growth in 2025 as well, just because of what you've done already. And the sales and sort of ad spend that you've been investing into that business?
Kenneth Krause : I think to answer that question, we would look at what we communicated at Investor Day back in May. And really our plan and our hope is to see commercial business grow at a faster rate than our overall business. You might see resi a little bit slower from time to time, but your overall commercial business should be accretive to the overall organic growth profile of the business as we think about the near-term and the investments we're making.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst : [Jerry Kanlindsey] here. In terms of your decision to hire people at this juncture of the year, could you just talk about the timing? Were you trying to address a little bit of a shortage? Or are you trying to get people time to ramp up for next season? Just maybe unpack the timing of the hiring that would be great.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes. So I don't -- when you think about from a sales staffing, are you talking more on the sales staffing or the technician front?
Unidentified Analyst : Yes. It sounds like you invested in both, so would be curious your thoughts on kind of hiring people in the third quarter as opposed to maybe in the spring, something like that.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes. So if you have the right amount of growth and you have route splits and branch openings and things like that, that were -- and you're trying to maintain the right balance of the number of customers on, say, a service technician's route, things like that, we'll always add. And usually, that's that could occur toward -- more towards the end of season, in the third quarter where we do route splits and things along those lines. And that's the right time to add those customers -- or add those technicians. On the sales side, we have over the last several years taken and hired really year-round and continuing to. What we're cognizant of is one of the things I mentioned, is like how fast can you scale, how fast can you train the right amount. So we're trying to take a balanced approach rather than hiring a bunch of onetime a year, trying to train. Let's say, it's easier to train 20 people in a class that you have four, five classes a year and you're adding 100 than it is to try to add 60 in a quarter and ramp it up and because your success rate of hiring 60 versus hiring 20 and putting the time and attention to them in that you need is a little more challenging. So we've taken a more balanced approach to how we onboard and how we time those hires and add strategically over time. And that means we will be making hires throughout the year. I will say generally speaking, though, when we get into the fourth quarter, we do tend to -- especially on home sales inspectors on the residential side, there's a lot less of that hiring. It will usually begin again in the January, February timeframe before we head in the season. While on the commercial side, it's a little bit more of a year-round type of event.
Kenneth Krause: It's interesting you say that and you finish with that, Jerry, because if you just look at the quarter, what we saw was we gained leverage in those areas in September. And so more of our significant -- more significant investments were made in July and August. We didn't see as much investment coming through in September as you did earlier in the third quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff : That's a good point, Ken, because a lot of that in the quarter was very front-end loaded in the early part of Q3. And then we kind of wind it down, yes.
Unidentified Analyst : And then on the advertising spending, do you track kind of the returns on advertising? Some returns metric related to advertising spend? And could you talk about whether those metrics have kind of changed over the last, call it, 6 to 12 months or so?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes. We do measure return on ad spend or roll off. That's a key metric. And that's what makes the -- and particular in the digital channel, so dynamic and where if you look at Q2, when we spent a little less. You're looking at the market, you're looking at the cost to drive the leads in the digital space and you're making adjustments. You may decide to hold off. You may have -- maybe there's some local regional competitors doing some things, and you just say, hey, I'm going to back off for a little while and wait for this to settle down. And then we're going to -- and then you're going to invest a little bit more a little later in the season and into the third quarter where you can drive lower cost of customer acquisition on a better return on your ad spend. So we're always looking at that. And we have been able to manage those costs pretty well to that point too of -- well, again, I know we've said this like a broken record, but we're still going to continue to be disciplined in our advertising spend such that as a percent of revenue, say, on the Orkin brand, they're going to spend as a percent of revenue a very similar amount as a percent of revenue that we have been committed to for years that amount. So it's a little more in dollars year-to-year as the business grows. But in order to do that, we've got to do -- we've always got to strive to do more with those dollars, acquire customers at a lower cost. So that's a metric that -- return on that spend is a metric that our team is very focused on and makes decisions behind.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore with Jefferies.
Peter Sullvian: This is Peter Sullvian calling for Stephanie Moore. I was just curious, I know you guys talked a little bit about modernization of SG&A expenses, specifically M&A expenses in 2Q. I'm curious if you could give a little bit more context on how those cost-cutting initiatives are developing and the progress you guys are making.
Kenneth Krause : Yes, we continue to make good progress. When you look at the earnings presentation, you'll see that the administrative side continues to improve. And so as a percentage of sales, we continue to see slight improvements in that area. We're pretty pleased with it in terms of the performance. But we continue to look at ways that we can continue to invest in the modernization of our business. And so -- but overall, we're pretty happy with the returns we've seen on the restructuring dollars we spent a little over a year ago now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Davies with Redburn Atlantic.
Oliver Davies : Just thinking into next year, and I guess given the investments you've made, would it be fair to assume you'd expect organic growth to kind of accelerate from the 7% to 8% range? Or is it kind of becoming more costly to maintain those above market growth rates?
Kenneth Krause : It's -- I'm not sure if it's a question or a comment. But from a standpoint of our organic growth of 7% to 8%, we're pretty happy with that level of growth, especially when you look at the quarter and you're trending closer to 8% as opposed to 7%. I'm pretty happy with the returns we're seeing. I'm not sure that we're ready to sign up for increased growth going into next year. But we're pretty happy with the pace of growth we're seeing in the business.
Jerry Gahlhoff : And I wouldn't think that achieving those levels of growth should cost us more to drive that growth. I don't see that there's some sort of increase in advertising or selling expense that we would anticipate at this point that would need to be invested in the business in order to maintain those rates.
Oliver Davies : And then just following on, you mentioned the kind of investment eased in the back end of the quarter. I guess, is that true on both the sales and sort of digital advertising side?
Kenneth Krause : Yes, that is true. What we saw, just looking at the numbers here and checking that. But what we saw is generally across the board, you saw in September more leverage come through the model than what you saw in July and August. And that's the big reason why when we were on our public webcast in mid-September, we talked about the fact that we were investing. We might see more investment come through. A big reason why is because of what we saw in July and August.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to the management for closing remarks.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter earnings call early next year.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Rollins, Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. And it is now my pleasure to introduce your host Lyndsey Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Burton. You may begin.
Lyndsey Burton: Thank you and good morning, everyone. In addition to the earnings release that we issued yesterday, the company has also prepared a supporting slide presentation. The earnings release and presentation are available on our website at www.rollins.com. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our earnings release. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. On the line with me today and speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Krause, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open the line for your questions. Jerry, would you like to begin?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Lyndsey. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Rollins delivered another good quarter of growth and profitability, reflecting consistent execution of our operating strategies and continuous improvement in our business. Our financial performance for the second quarter was highlighted by an increase in revenue of 8.7% to $892 million and we delivered healthy organic growth of 7.7% in the quarter. Overall, we continue to see solid revenue growth across all major service lines as total residential revenue increased 6.3%, commercial rose 9.9%, and termite and ancillary was up 11.8% this quarter. We continue to invest in growing our business. As you would expect, we made strategic investments in incremental sales, staffing and marketing activities during the quarter. We will continue to invest throughout Q3 to ensure that we remain top of mind and well-positioned for share gains as peak pest season continues. We are well staffed on the technician and customer support front so that our people are on boarded, extensively trained and ready to provide an exceptional level of service for our customers. This also means that we are positioned to convert our marketing and sales investments into new customer growth. Our team continuously challenges itself to think of new and different ways to enhance the relevance the relevance of our brands with current and future customers. Earlier in the summer, our creative team at Orkin partnered with Emmy nominated composer, Bryan Rheude, to compose a seven-act symphony crafted entirely around the historic emergence of two broods of cicadas. We hosted the Orkinstra symphony live in Springfield, Illinois, with curated music composed to accompany the recorded songs and rhythms of trillions of cicadas. The event garnered hundreds of millions of impressions for the Orkin brand, and support for this unique initiative continues as the symphony is currently available on all streaming platforms. In fact, I listened to it again just the other day on a flight and found it to be very relaxing. I encourage you to check it out. On the commercial side of the business, investments we've made to capitalize on a multibillion-dollar growth opportunity in the B2B space continue to pay dividends. Our new commercial division continues to strategically add feet on the street to our salesforce, and we are leveraging data analytics and training to better enable their success. Investments to drive organic growth are complemented by strategic M&A. We closed 26 tuck-in deals in the first six months of the year, and the M&A pipeline remains healthy. We're actively evaluating acquisition opportunities both domestically and internationally, and remain on track to deliver at least 2% of growth from M&A activity in 2024. Beyond growth, our dedication to operational efficiency and continuous improvement is an important part of our strategy and culture. Ken will discuss in more detail, but we saw healthy margin improvement in the quarter as we executed our pricing strategy, leveraged our cost structure, and drove efficiencies throughout the business. Safety remains an important area of focus. In Q2, we enhanced our onboarding program for new teammates by providing more robust safety training, with an emphasis on how we equip our new drivers with the technical skills, awareness and courtesy needed to be safe on our roads and in the neighborhoods we serve. Our efforts continue to yield solid driver safety scores and further reinforce the culture of safety we strive to promote throughout our company. We continue to look for ways to modernize our company, and to that end, our Board of Directors recently amended and restated our bylaws to transition from a classified board structure to a declassified one. Going forward, board members that are up for reelection will be elected to one year terms. This step aligns with corporate governance best practices. In closing, we're excited about where our business stands today. Demand from our customers remained strong with over 7% organic growth in the quarter, and for the first half of the year. Our markets are solid, staffing levels are healthy and our team is focused on driving continuous improvement and profitable growth. I want to thank each of our 20,000 plus teammates around the world for their ongoing commitment to our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kenneth Krause: Thanks Jerry and good morning, everyone. The second quarter reflects continued strong execution by the Rollins team. A few highlights to start, we delivered Q2 revenue growth of 8.7% year-over-year with organic growth of 7.7%. That was at the high end of the 7% to 8% range we discussed in our recent Investor Day. Despite having two less business days in June relative to the prior year, through the first half of the year, the team delivered total revenue growth of 10.9% and solid organic revenue growth of 7.6%. Incremental EBITDA margins were over 30% for the first half of the year and approached 40% in the second quarter, ahead of the metrics we discussed in our recent Investor Day, driven by strong leverage throughout the P&L. And last but not least, our team delivered operating cash flow of $145 million and free cash flow of $136 million. Year-to-date, operating cash flow approximates $273 million and free cash flow approximates $257 million, both growing 10% with very healthy conversion. Driving further into the quarter, we saw good growth across each of our service offerings. Residential revenues increased 6.3%, commercial pest control rose 9.9%, and our termite and ancillary services increased by 11.8%. Organic growth was also healthy across the portfolio, with growth of 5.4% in residential, 8.6% in commercial, and 11.1% in termite and ancillary services. Turning to profitability. Our gross margins were 54%, up 80 basis points versus last year. We continue to be positive on the price cost equation. We realized improvements across several cost categories, with the most notable contributions coming from fleet and insurance and claims. Quarterly adjusted SG&A cost as a percentage of revenue decreased by 60 basis points versus last year. While we saw improvements in insurance claims activity, we also saw leverage across several cost categories. We did see some leverage from customer acquisition costs in the quarter, but we continue to focus on driving demand for our services and expect to make additional investments in these areas during the third quarter. Second quarter GAAP operating income was $182 million, up approximately 18% year-over-year on 8.7% revenue growth. Operating margins were 20.4%, up 150 basis points year-over-year on strong gross margins and solid expense leverage. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $210 million, up over 15% and representing a 23.6% margin. Margins were up 140 basis points versus last year, and adjusted incremental EBITDA margins were approaching 40%, supported by benefits from more favorable claims activity as well as underlying leverage in more traditional operating expense categories. I'm pleased with the strong improvements in profitability in the quarter and for the first half of 2024. We delivered solid growth with an improving margin profile and remain focused on investing in our business and capturing growth in our very attractive end markets. The effective tax rate was approximately 26.1% in the quarter. Our ETR was 25.3% for the first half, and we expect this rate to approximate 26% for the year. Quarterly GAAP net income was $129 million or $0.27 per share, increasing approximately 23% from $0.22 per share in the same period a year ago. For the second quarter, we had non-GAAP pretax adjustments associated primarily with the Fox acquisition related items totaling approximately $4 million of pretax expense in the quarter. Accounting for these expenses, adjusted net income for the quarter was $132 million, or $0.27 per share, increasing over 17% from the same period a year ago despite the higher level of interest costs. Speaking of interest costs, we expect a similar run rate in these costs for the second half relative to the first half. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Operating cash flow was $145 million and we generated $136 million of free cash flow. This is slightly down versus last year, driven by working capital timing. With that said, I'm pleased with the 10% growth in first half cash flow. Our business remains very well-positioned to continue to deliver healthy cash flow performance, enabling a balanced capital allocation strategy. Cash flow conversion, the percent of income that was converted into operating cash flow, was over 100% for the quarter, as well as for the first six months. We made acquisitions totaling $35 million and we paid $73 million in dividends in the quarter. Debt to EBITDA leverage is well below one-times on a gross and net level. Our balance sheet is very healthy and it positions us well heading into the second half of the year. In closing, our performance this quarter and throughout the first half of 2024 continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model and the engagement level of our team. We continue to focus on driving growth while executing on our continuous improvement and modernization initiatives. We are starting the second half with healthy organic demand, and we remain committed to investing in our people and providing our customers with the best customer experience. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Mulrooney from William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim Mulrooney: Jerry, Ken, good morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning.
Kenneth Krause: Morning.
Tim Mulrooney: Just one from me on the profitability. Strong profitability seems to be the theme of the quarter here, so I wanted to dig in a little bit on this. Ken, as you highlighted in your prepared remarks, your incremental margins were very strong in the quarter, approaching 40%. But I know there were some elevated claims activity in the prior year period, if I'm remembering correctly. So, if we exclude that, then how did your incremental margins look? Were they still above that historical average range of 25% to 30%?
Kenneth Krause: Thank you for the question, Tim. Appreciate that. And it's a great question, something that we certainly took a close look at as we prepared for the call and reviewed the quarter. And what we found was business -- the performance continues to be exceptional. The margin performance was incredibly healthy. We saw leverage across gross margin. We also saw improvements in SG&A. As you indicated, our quarterly incremental margin approached 40%. If you exclude some of those non-operational items, I would call it our incremental margins were still at or above 30%. And that's the pace that we like to see. And in fact, if we go back a couple of years, we've seen some great improvement on those margins. So, it's good to see those margins coming in, even without the benefit of some of those non-operational items at or above the 30% range.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you very much. Nice quarter, guys.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashish Sabadra from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. Really strong momentum in the business. But if I had to nitpick on consumer, we did see improvement in the organic growth compared to first quarter, but it's trending slightly below what we've seen historically. So, I was just wondering if you could provide some more color on that front. What are we seeing on recurring versus ad hoc services. And also, was there any impact of the two fewer working days in June? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So, Ashish, this is Jerry. So, when we look at the quarter, I'll start with the two fewer working days in June. I mean, that was a pretty significant impact for us in the quarter. You're in the thick of your peak season right in the middle of the year to have two or fewer workdays. More than anything, even though we had a bit of a softer June last year, it affected productivity fairly significantly about ability to get work done and things along those lines. So, I would much rather have those two extra days in a June than I would in an April very early, very early in the quarter. So that's interesting. And there was some impact there. The recurring business is the additions to our new customer growth are actually outpacing our organic revenue growth. So that's healthy. So, when you think about the consumer side of it, the one-time business, while it's still there, it may be a little softer on some of the residential pest control, but we still see a very strong consumer in the marketplace. That consumer, when you look at our termite and ancillary growth in the double-digit range, that tells you, you still have a healthy consumer that really is staying in their home. There's a lot less relocation going on. People are staying at home, investing in their homes and certainly buying things like pest control and adding that to their home services. That is still remaining very, very healthy. So, we haven't really seen any shift from a consumer side in that regard either. Would you add anything to that, Ken?
Kenneth Krause: The only thing I would say is we had, what was it, 5.4% residential growth. And so when you look at the one-time or the recurring business was at or above 6% in the quarter. And when you take into consideration some of those factors you described, I mean, they certainly had an -- they have a potential of having an impact on the overall growth rate. So, we feel good about the level of growth we saw in the quarter, the level of activity around customers and the demand levels we continue to see going into the third quarter.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great color. And maybe on my follow up, if I can ask a quick question on the commercial side, you talked about the investments there to capture -- capitalize. I was wondering if you could talk about, are there certain verticals where you're seeing stronger demand environment. Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: We -- I don't think we've seen necessarily a stronger demand in certain verticals. What -- where we're getting our results is by building the biggest and best salesforce on the commercial side that we can -- that is possible out there. We continue to add to our salesforce, invest in their training, invest in development and building a very strong cohesive team on the commercial sales side. That's really what's paying dividends, not necessarily one vertical or another. I think we're out there just trying to capture new business through the new people that we're adding to our team.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful. Thanks and congrats on a solid quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ashish.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Tong from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
George Tong: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Is there any way to estimate -- morning. Any way to estimate how much impact the two fewer working days in June affected organic growth in each of your segments. Was the impact greater in certain segments than others?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. I don't think it was greater in certain segments than others, necessarily. Although, my intuition tells me it affected us more in the residential pest and then maybe a little bit on the termite and ancillary because those are often larger jobs that take time to get, take time to complete. And when you talk about having two fewer days in a month, in a month like June, it will result in some of that work carrying over, not being completed into July. That last year would have been completed in June. So, it's really that kind of impact, more probably on the residential, both pest, and termite and ancillary than on the commercial side.
Kenneth Krause: And it can probably impact both one time as well as recurring business because we don't have the opportunity to get out and maybe start the recurring business because we're losing those days. And we're also just not seeing the calls from the one-time because we don't have those days, right? You don't get as much one-time in the very -- in the peak of the peak season.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. On the residential side, you also mentioned that you're seeing healthy demand levels heading into 3Q. What kind of acceleration would be possible given the exit rates that you've been seeing for the residential business?
Kenneth Krause: Yeah. I wouldn't want to say that we're seeing acceleration in the Q3, but we continue to see just consistent levels of demand for our services and very much giving us confidence in our ability to deliver on the range of growth that we provided at Investor Day of roughly 7% to 8% organic growth. I mean, through the first six months were 7.6% and in the quarter we were at the high end of the range. So, we feel good about this business and the ability to drive value for all of our stakeholders when we're seeing demand levels like we saw here in Q2.
George Tong: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Hilary Lee: Hi, guys. This is Hilary Lee on for Toni Kaplan. So, just wanted to talk about the trends that you're kind of seeing in residential and commercial. Like, what -- did you see any changes throughout the months in 2Q, and what have you seen into July so far?
Kenneth Krause: The trends have been positive. Demand remains healthy, and both resi as well as commercial, all giving us confidence in our ability to continue to deliver that 7% to 8% of organic growth that I just spoke about. And so, generally, as Jerry indicated, it was unfortunate the way the calendar fell where you lose a couple of days in peak season, but we certainly continue to see the things that are in our control give us confidence in our ability to deliver on our goals that we've set for ourselves.
Jerry Gahlhoff: That's exactly right, Ken. We don't really see any headwinds that could have some significant impact on what we continue to see.
Hilary Lee: Got it. And just to kind of dovetail off that, it's been kind of a -- not unusually, but warmer July than in recent memory. Do you expect that to kind of help out with the peak season this year, and any indication on what you guys do with taking care of the cicada issue, or is that not really an issue for you guys to handle, even though regarding the symphony as well?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. I've given up a long time ago trying to predict the weather and what bugs are going to do and pests are going to do about the weather. And so, generally speaking, warmer weather is good for business, but you just never know how fast that could change. If you recall back last year in June, we went through that cold spell and a little bit of June that softened for a couple of weeks there. And then in July, it picked back up and things went crazy again. So, you just kind of never know what's in store in terms of the weather. And we really don't think too much about the weather. In terms of the cicadas, Ashish is probably still listening. He asked about the cicadas. They're typically, to a consumer, not a pest, not a while they are a perceived pest problem. It's not something we can do much about. As I mentioned, you're talking about millions, potentially trillions of cicadas, and the extent that you would have to go through to quiet them down would be pretty extreme. That's not something we necessarily do. Instead, we've chosen to have a little fun with it, create some consumer demand and build some brand recognition around the attention that the cicadas are getting. Not really a pest problem, however. On the weather -- just adding on the weather, you are right. You see statistics about warming environment and things like that. But the other side of it is you just never know what hurricane season might look like here. As you get into August and September, I think a lot of people are predicting a pretty tough hurricane season. So that could have a disruption, a short-term disruption, but you just never know. I mean, overall, when we look at the things we control and we look at what we're doing, we feel good about the demand levels that we're seeing across our business.
Hilary Lee: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Balsky from Bank of America. Please proceed.
Heather Balsky: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was hoping to drill down on commentary around investing in marketing and customer acquisition. Just how your -- just the pace of it this quarter, how you're thinking about it in the back half and what you're seeing from the competition as well.
Kenneth Krause: From a competitive standpoint, I don't know that we pay a lot of attention to what's going on in that regard. We kind of look at our business and know what our needs are and measure things on a market-to-market basis. You have to remember, we're still in a very highly fragmented business with a lot of competition, and that includes regional competitors and everything is just so local. So, from that standpoint, that just is one of the most dynamic things that we do that can change week to week, sometimes day to day. I will say philosophically, if you look back to how say, the digital marketplace was 10 or five to 10 years ago compared to today, it has shifted. And some of that philosophy has shifted over the last few years where we used to spend a lot of our money on the advertising and especially in digital, digital performance, a lot of that was spent, say, late April into September. So, you have this curve with a spike that really went right in the middle of season. And what we've seen now is now that we have these shoulder seasons of pest activity, you've got generally warmer environments, that curve is kind of softened in the middle. And we put more of our dollars on both tails of that curve where we're now starting. A lot of the, lot of those processes on the digital side are now starting in March and running well into October, maybe even early November if the weather holds up and the demand is still good. So, we now kind of -- we really spread it out a little differently than we used to do just because of some of the climate weather dynamics that are out there. So -- but at the same time, even within those quarters, even within that, call it nine-month period of time where we spend most of our marketing, it's still a pretty dynamic decision making process.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, dynamic. And to the point of, like when you look at this quarter and you try to understand the impact of that, you saw a little bit less, you saw some leverage in our selling and marketing costs. And some of that was in the advertising area, as we had pointed out in our presentation that's posted online. What we're seeing, though, is we're ramping that investment here into Q3, and so to take advantage of that longer shoulder season. And so, we're expecting to see a bit of an uptick in these advertising efforts here as we go throughout July because the markets are very healthy for us.
Heather Balsky: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Chan from UBS. Please proceed.
Joshua Chan: Hi. Good morning, Jerry and Ken. Maybe sticking with marketing, I know that across your brand you do a variety of different channels of marketing. Are there certain channels that are more successful this particular year than other channels that you've noticed?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I don't think any of the channels are necessarily any better or any worse. I think we're doing well in all of them. And it's really about having a balanced approach, balance of how you spend, making sure that we're spending our money wisely, getting the return on investment that we want. We don't want to just drive leads for the sake of driving leads where we don't have the capacity to fulfill the demand and all those things come into play. So, I think our brands and our businesses have done a pretty good job of ensuring that what we do, we're disciplined about, we execute to it and we measure our results and we measure our return on investment. So, it's been pretty solid across all those channels.
Joshua Chan: Okay. That's great to hear. And for my follow up, is there any geographic differences in growth within the country that is notable, or are the regions growing pretty similarly this quarter? Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I think -- Ken, we've seen pretty solid growth across the business. Geographically, I wouldn't say there's been any significant difference where there's some market that's radically lagging another market or part of the country or even international. So, I would say generally across the board, it tends to be fairly healthy.
Kenneth Krause: No, I tend to agree as well. I mean, sure, we have things we're doing in certain brands and I trying to drive improved performance in certain areas, but overall, the market seems pretty healthy, whether it be the western United States, the southeastern United States. I mean, what we saw earlier in the quarter was, there was maybe a slower start in certain parts of the southeast, but they came right online as we went throughout the quarter and saw some good demand levels. Canada and our commercial business up there, continues to do well. So, generally, we're seeing really good performance in the business.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. And usually if you see those differences, it usually comes on the edges, the back edges of those shoulder seasons, or in the wintertime when extreme weather may impact it more is usually when we see more of those differences geographically.
Joshua Chan: That's great color. Thanks for the time, and congrats on a good quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aadit Shrestha from Stifel. Please proceed.
Aadit Shrestha: Hi, Jerry and Ken. Thanks for taking my questions. Just going back to gross profit, it was up 80 basis points this quarter. So, it's another strong quarter. But could you maybe break out how much of that was driven by overall price cost spread versus the tailwind from insurance and claims and fleet?
Kenneth Krause: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I want to say the 80 basis points of gross margin leverage, roughly 30 of that is your insurance and claims activity, and the remainder is just good leverage across the gross margin categories, the cost categories. So, fleet, for example, we saw some good leverage there. And so just generally we're seeing combination. As I said earlier, a good combination of some of the more favorable experience on the claims in the quarter, coupled with some operational leverage and prices certainly contributed to that as well.
Aadit Shrestha: Great. And just to follow up, not really a follow up, completely not related. The 11% organic growth that seemed to have accelerated within termite and ancillary services, how did that split out between the two? Was one better than the other?
Kenneth Krause: So, I can give you a little color on that. Both those service lines continue to grow very well. Some of the ancillary business does tend to be sort of a higher dollar amount, higher ticket price, and is a little easier to grow at a somewhat faster rate than just pure termite. But generally both are growing quite well. Both are in the double-digit range, and both have been very healthy for us.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, they've both been really good performance for us here, especially in the quarter. Continue to see good demand levels.
Aadit Shrestha: Great. Thanks. And congratulations on great quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephanie Moore from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Morning.
Stephanie Moore: I wanted to touch -- morning. I wanted to touch on maybe acquisitions quickly here, maybe any heightened competition for deals that you're seeing. And then from a strategic standpoint, maybe any areas within pest that are particularly attractive to you guys at the moment. Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: We continue to be very acquisitive. I think we closed 26 deals in the first half. If you go back a few years, you were seeing 30, 35 deals on a full year basis. So, we continue to see good demand levels, certainly always going to be competition. This is an incredibly attractive market space and a lot of people were interested in it. But we feel like our brand of acquirer of choice that we talked about in May and at Investor Day and how we take care and invest in our people and preserve brands is certainly paying off for us. We continue to be very active in evaluating additional opportunities. Jerry and I have spent some time on the road the last month or so, and we continue to look for new and interesting ideas. And it's not just looking at new and interesting ideas, but it's about also investing in relationships with people that might consider selling their business in the future. This is a long-term approach. It's not really focused on an auction or anything like that. It's about how do you develop the relationships with people, so they're comfortable turning the keys over to something that is incredibly important and valuable to them. And so, we're trying to take the time to continue to develop that and we think we're seeing some good results.
Stephanie Moore: Got it. Thank you. And then just as my follow up, sorry if I missed it. But did you say how July organic growth has trended?
Kenneth Krause: We haven't. We've consistently said is that it's continuing to see -- we're seeing business that is coming in to give us confidence in our ability to deliver on the ranges that we've set for ourselves. And so, we feel pretty good about our ability to do that.
Stephanie Moore: Understood. Thanks so much.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
End of Q&A:
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter earnings call later this year. Thanks a lot.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Rollins, Inc. First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Lyndsey Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Lyndsey Burton: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. In addition to the earnings release that we issued yesterday, the company has also prepared a supporting slide presentation. The earnings release and presentation are available on our website at www.rollins.com. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our earnings release. 
 The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 On the line with me today and speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Krause, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Before I turn it over to Jerry, I want to remind everyone of our upcoming Investor Day on May 17 in New York City. We're looking forward to hosting the investment community and discussing our strategies for growing our business and driving value for our stakeholders. Jerry, would you like to begin? 
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Lyndsey. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Rollins delivered another good quarter of growth and profitability, reflecting consistent execution of our operating strategies and continuous improvement in our business. Our financial performance for the first quarter was highlighted by an increase in revenue of nearly 14% to $748 million. We delivered healthy organic growth of 7.5% in the quarter despite some unfavorable and erratic weather in January compared to last year, which Ken will discuss in more detail. 
 Overall, we continued to see double-digit revenue growth across all major service lines as total Residential revenue increased 16.5%, Commercial rose 11.4% and Termite was up 11.7% this quarter. We continue to invest in growing our business.
 As you would expect, we invested in incremental sales staffing and marketing activities ahead of peak season to ensure that we are well positioned and top of mind for the consumer as pet season begins. We are well staffed on the technician and customer support front, so that people are onboarded, extensively trained and ready to provide an exceptional level of service for our customers. 
 On the commercial side of the business, we are leveraging analytics to identify areas in the market where opportunity warrants additional resources. And this continues to pay dividends as evidenced by another quarter of double-digit commercial growth.
 We continue to strategically add feet on the street to our sales force and are leveraging our training and sales tools to better enable their success as well. Investments to drive organic growth are complemented by strategic M&A. April 1 marked the 1-year anniversary of closing the Fox acquisition, and that team has performed exceptionally well. We anticipate that Fox will continue to positively impact organic growth and profitability as we go forward. 
 We closed 12 tuck-in deals in the first 3 months of the year, and the M&A pipeline remains healthy. We're actively evaluating acquisition opportunities, both domestically and internationally, and remain on track to deliver at least 2% of growth from M&A activity in 2024. Beyond growth, our dedication to operational efficiency and continuous improvement is an important part of our strategy and culture. Ken will discuss in more detail, but we saw a healthy margin improvement in the quarter as we executed our pricing strategy, leveraged our cost structure and drove efficiencies throughout the business. 
 Safety remains an important area of focus for us and efforts to enhance safety coaching, training and protocols resulted in higher driving safety scores and fewer recorded safety incidents when compared to a year ago. In closing, we're excited about where our business stands today. This year is off to a solid start, and demand from our customers remains strong with over 7% organic growth in the first quarter.
 Our markets are solid, staffing levels are healthy, and our team is focused on driving continuous improvement and profitable growth. I want to thank each of our 19,000-plus team members around the world for their ongoing commitment to our customers. 
 Before I hand it over to Ken, I'd like to announce a few changes to our Board of Directors. First, we would like to thank Jerry Nix, who recently retired from our Board, for his service to our company. We've been so fortunate to have Jerry as our Lead Director for the past several years. His experience, wisdom and guidance helped us navigate uncharted waters for our company, and we're incredibly grateful for the significant contributions he's made along the way. 
 Second, we would like to welcome Dale Jones, who was elected to our Board at a recent shareholder meeting. Additionally, Louise Sams has been appointed as our new Lead Independent Director. We're excited about the level of expertise and experience that both Dale and Louise will bring to our Board in their new roles. Ken, I'll now turn the call over to you. 
Kenneth Krause: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter reflects continued strong execution by the Rollins team. A few highlights to start. Growth was robust at the start of the year. We delivered revenue growth of 13.7% year-over-year. Organic growth was 7.5%, and we saw significant improvement moving throughout the quarter as organic revenue growth accelerated to over 10% for February and March. 
 Adjusted operating margins were 18.4%, up a healthy 130 basis points with strong gross profit performance and solid expense leverage despite incremental investments aimed at growing our business. Cash flow continues to be very strong with free cash flow increasing 29%, enabling a balanced capital allocation strategy. 
 Diving further into the quarter, we saw good growth across each of our service offerings. In the first quarter, residential revenues increased 16.5%, commercial pest control rose 11.4% and termite and ancillary increased by 11.7%. Organic growth was also healthy across the portfolio, with growth of 4.3% in residential, 10.1% in commercial and 9.3% in termite and ancillary. 
 As Jerry mentioned, our residential organic growth was impacted by a slower start in January. To provide context, February and March total organic growth was a very strong 10.8% versus 7.5% for the quarter. And looking at residential revenue specifically, February and March organic growth was a healthy 8% versus 4.3% for the quarter. We are pleased with the consistent growth we continue to see across the business. 
 Turning to profitability. Our gross margins were healthy at 51.2%, up 90 basis points versus last year. We continue to be positive on the price cost equation and saw good performance across several key cost categories. While Fox was accretive to gross margins for the quarter by about 40 basis points, organic margin improved 50 basis points as we saw nice leverage from people cost, fleet and materials and supplies. 
 Quarterly SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue decreased by 10 basis points versus last year. Excluding the earnout adjustment for the Fox acquisition, SG&A cost as a percentage of revenue decreased by 20 basis points in the quarter. We saw healthy leverage from administrative-related costs which enabled reinvestment and incremental advertising and selling expenses associated with growth initiatives that Jerry discussed. 
 First quarter GAAP operating income was $132 million, up 18% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $138 million, up nearly 23% versus prior year on approximately 14% total revenue growth. Adjusted operating margins were 18.4%, up 130 basis points year-over-year on strong gross margins, coupled with solid expense leverage. First quarter EBITDA was $160 million, up over 14% and representing a 21.3% margin, up 10 basis points versus last year.  
 You'll recall that last quarter, we called out a negative impact to adjusted EBITDA due to lower nonoperational gains versus the comparable period in the prior year. We saw a similar dynamic in the first quarter as well. Given that we do from time to time, divest nonoperational assets, we have made the decision to exclude gains and losses on these types of sales. Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS are measures of operating performance, and this change will allow us to better compare our underlying performance more consistently over time.  
 A table showing the revised metrics for fiscal 2023 is included in our earnings release. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $161 million, up 19% versus last year. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.5% was strong, improving 100 basis points driven by leverage across the P&L. Incremental adjusted EBITDA margin was 29%, a healthy result considering that Q1 is a slower period and can have a lower profitability profile as we invest ahead of our busier seasons. The effective tax rate was approximately 24% in the quarter, in line with the prior year.  
 Quarterly GAAP net income was $94 million or $0.19 per share, increasing from $0.18 per share in the same period a year ago. For the first quarter, we had non-GAAP pretax adjustments associated with the Fox acquisition-related items totaling approximately $5 million of pretax expense in the quarter. 
 Accounting for these expenses, adjusted net income for the quarter was $98 million or $0.20 per share, increasing over 17% from the same period a year ago despite the higher level of interest cost on the higher debt balances versus the comparable period.
 Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Operating cash flow increased 27% in the quarter to $127 million. We generated $120 million of free cash flow, a 29% increase versus last year. Cash flow conversion, the percent of income that was converted into operating cash flow was well above 120% for the quarter. 
 We made acquisitions totaling $47 million, and we paid $73 million in dividends, both up versus the same period a year ago. Debt-to-EBITDA leverage is well below 1x on a gross and net level, and our balance sheet is very healthy and positions us well to continue to execute on our capital allocation priorities.  
 In closing, our performance this quarter continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model and the engagement level of our teams. Demand is healthy and our acquisition pipeline provides us a sense of optimism. We remain focused on providing our customers with the best customer experience and driving growth both organically and through disciplined acquisitions. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 Our first question is from Timothy Mulrooney with William Blair. 
Timothy Mulrooney: So just stepping back here, with trends accelerating in February and March. I just wonder if folks are going to extrapolate that 10% organic growth rate into the next several months and quarters. I mean 10% to me just sounds like touch on the strong side. So I wonder if that's how you're thinking about things or if expectations are better level set to kind of what we saw over the last several quarters, more in that 7% to 8% range for organic growth. 
Kenneth Krause: Thanks for the question, Tim. I appreciate that. And when looking at the business, we certainly did see some improvements as we went throughout the quarter. But one quarter is certainly not a long-term trend. We are continuing to remain very confident in our outlook, and that outlook is really anchored around 7% to 8% sort of growth rate that we've consistently talked about. That stepped up, as you all know, since COVID, and we continue to benefit from that higher growth rate and more favorable operating environment. But yes, I think 7% to 8% is kind of how we think about the business from an organic basis going forward. 
Timothy Mulrooney: That's really helpful. Thank you, Ken. And this is not a follow-up. It's a completely separate topic, but I'm going to do it anyway. The step-up in sales and marketing expense, okay? I think there's a couple of different ways folks could interpret that, either as more of a defensive move, because you're having to spend more, maybe on digital marketing to win customers or more as an offensive move, hiring more sales folks for future growth, for example. Could you just double click into that increase in sales and marketing expense column? And help us understand that decision a little better to ramp up spend there? 
Jerry Gahlhoff: Tim, this is Jerry. A lot of that cost really lied on the heavier side on the selling expense as it relates to us staffing up. Let me give you a couple of examples, a couple of data points. Just looking at Orkin alone, when we looked compared to prior year in the first quarter, we had over 50 more commercial account managers at Orkin alone. We had over 100 more home sales inspectors at Orkin in the first quarter of this year than we did the last year. 
 So that's where a lot of our investment continues to be. We see that opportunity. That's what I referred to as the feet on the street opportunity. So our sales salaries are up there. It's not necessarily some sort of targeted defensive marketing spend. It's an offensive sales mobilization and really building out your sales team for the growth opportunities ahead. 
Operator: Our next question is from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. 
Keen Fai Tong: I wanted to dive into trends that you're seeing in the residential business. It sounds like most of the impact to organic revenue growth in residential was due to unfavorable January weather, leading to the 4% organic growth. I wanted to see if there were any other trends you would call out there? I know last quarter, you highlighted onetime sales impact. So any changes there and other operating items to consider as it relates to the organic growth in residential? 
Kenneth Krause: Certainly. When we look at the residential business, we look at the residential business very broadly across our residential services as well as our termite and ancillary. Across that portfolio, the business continues to perform very well. Onetime business can be choppy. It continues to be choppy. But generally, demand for our services remains very healthy. 
 As I indicated in my prepared commentary, what we saw when we look just at the residential business alone, we saw an improvement, 4.3% growth for the quarter but close to 8% growth as we look at February and March. So we continue to see really good demand levels for our business. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would add to that, George, that when we think about some of the onetime business as well, as Ken mentioned, it's usually choppier in the shoulder seasons when weather -- that's an area of the business that weather can impact more so than anything, but you still have your recurring customer base that's there to service. But we also continue to see really strong health in our onetime ancillary business that really shows that a consumer side of it is strong and the consumers continue to be willing to invest in protecting their homes. 
Keen Fai Tong: Got it. That's helpful. And then within the termite and ancillary services business, organic growth seems to have decelerated a bit to 9% compared to 11% in 4Q. Can you talk about some of the puts and takes that could have led to that performance? 
Kenneth Krause: Certainly, when you unpack the termite business, there's 2 components to the termite and ancillary. There is your normal recurring termite business, your pretreat business, and then you have ancillary business in there as well. We're seeing really good demand across the spectrum. Our business, our recurring bait monitoring business, continues to grow at a very healthy level, but also our ancillary business in that area continues to grow as well at a nice rate. So it's really a broad-based growth that we're seeing in demand for our services. 
Keen Fai Tong: Okay. Got it. Any factors that could have caused the deceleration in organic revenue growth there? 
Jerry Gahlhoff: I look at it from a productivity standpoint. We continue to -- the sales are there, the working the backlog can be a challenge. And in the quarter -- and that goes back to a January type of phenomenon, where we had more branches and operations closed for multiple days compared to the prior year. And that affects productivity and ability to get the work done, even if our sales force is out there selling and they're out there continuing to do what they do and building that backlog of work to get done. 
 And so the work is there for us to get done. So we're optimistic about that. It's not a selling issue. It's us getting all the workload done in a given period of time. So when you carry a backlog over into the second quarter, things still look healthy. That helps, to add any color. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. 
Unknown Analyst: On for Stephanie Moore. I just wanted to touch on commercial organic growth that's been pretty strong over the last few quarters. And I know you mentioned leveraging analytics and things like that, but I was just curious if there's anything else to call out? And if you could kind of talk about the sustainability of growth there? 
Jerry Gahlhoff: I know it sounds like a broken record and we've said this now for a few years. We just continue to invest in our sales staff, getting them ramped up and being successful. That B2B sales process is a relationship type of sale. It's got a long selling cycle, and you got to be patient, you got to invest. You got to invest in training and sales tools and supporting those new account managers when they're brought up to get them ramped up and brought to speed just as fast as possible.  
 That is the more you add in the sales force and the more investments you make to make them successful. We just continue to see that opportunity there. So I wouldn't say there's anything magical about it other than being committed to continue to add incrementally to our sales force. 
Kenneth Krause: It's interesting. When I step back and I look at the financials, and I look at the trend in spend across different categories of SG&A, Jerry is spot on, sales salaries continues to be an area that we continue to invest disproportionately in. We're saving money in some of the back office costs and admin areas, but we continue to invest pretty heavily on the front end of our business and taking a very offensive perspective on our business. 
Unknown Analyst: Just on the resi side, have you guys seen any slowdown? Anything that's meaningful related to the new business wins or a sort of meaningful pickup in customer churn and maybe lower household income areas? And then just anything you could share around how April is kind of shaping up so far? 
Jerry Gahlhoff: We haven't seen any significant change from a retention issue one way or the other. So that remains pretty solid and any color on April... 
Kenneth Krause: It would be very difficult to grow our business at the rate we're growing if we saw [ chiding ] in customer churn. And so customer churn, although it is not [ chiding ], it still remains an opportunity for us to continue to improve. When we look at April, we continue to see healthy levels of demand. We're starting April strongly. But again, we continue to think about a 7% to 8% sort of organic growth rate across the business as we think about the future. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [ David Pedron ] for Ashish. In terms of capital allocation, now that you've lapped the Fox acquisition, how should we think about I guess, your M&A pipeline in terms of larger deals or smaller deals going forward, especially given this robust free cash flow that you keep generating? 
Kenneth Krause: When we look at the pipeline, it's very healthy. It's very balanced. There's opportunities across the spectrum with respect to M&A. Something that we have consistently said, however, for 2024, is that we do think that 2% to 3% of revenue growth is probably a realistic expectation of contribution from M&A. 
 We continue to look at deals. We continue to evaluate deals. And in fact, in Q1, we spent roughly $45 million to $50 million on M&A, and that was up considerably year-over-year. Of course, last year, we were preparing for Fox. But I think it just shows that there continues to be a very healthy pipeline of M&A in a very fragmented market that we continue to compete in. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Josh Chan with UBS. 
Joshua Chan: So I guess you mentioned that 7% to 8% is sustainable growth rate. And given how strong commercial and termite is, does that imply that you expect residential to kind of remain in this 4% range going forward? Just curious how you're thinking about how the different businesses contribute to that 7% to 8%. 
Kenneth Krause: It's interesting when you start to put a fine point on that, but we do think that probably commercial and termite and ancillary will probably grow a little bit faster than the overall average and resi might grow a little bit slower. You just have puts and takes across the portfolio. It doesn't mean that we're not bullish in residential, but I just think that, that's generally how the growth profile has unfolded over time for us. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, I agree with you, Ken. I think it's hard to predict that. I mean, there's going to be movement in any of those categories potentially based on a number of factors and where it all comes out in that 7% to 8% total. 
Joshua Chan: Yes. Okay. That helps [indiscernible] color there. And then on your decision to accelerate investment during the off season. Sometimes you focus on the peak season to invest, sometimes you invest ahead of the season. So could you just talk about the rationale for investing ahead of the season this year, what you're seeing and what opportunities you expect to realize? 
Kenneth Krause: Yes. As we had talked about, I mean, the business started to grow pretty nicely on a year-over-year basis, organic basis in February and into the March. And so we saw that, and we saw an opportunity to pull forward some investments. It doesn't mean that we're going to invest any lighter in Q2. In fact, we're going to continue to invest in Q2 and drive further growth. 
 The market opportunity is there and you've got to invest when that market opportunity is there. This is a very short cycle business. And when you see weather patterns that improve or demand trends that might change, you have to be ready to invest. And so I think that's just -- it's just reflective of our investment and our interest in investing in growth across our portfolio. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: We had a lot more carrying costs from people side in late fourth quarter and certainly in the first quarter than I think we've ever had. The reality is it's certainly harder to find people and then with the level of intensity that we put and the time and energy that we put into training and development upfront, that takes time to have people ready. And so our strategy has been to get ahead of that. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ollie Davies with Redburn Atlantic. 
Oliver Davies: Just 2 for me. So firstly, can you just talk about the level of price increases you're putting through? And if you're seeing any pushback on the residential side, just given the level of volume growth in the first quarter. And then secondly, in terms of -- probably one for Ken just in terms of the SG&A. I mean, obviously, the admin expenses, I guess some of that is coming from the modernization that you did last year. So how sustainable are they going forward through this year, and I guess, your ability to reinvest that? 
Kenneth Krause: So looking at your questions, thank you for your questions. The first question with respect to pricing, it's interesting. When we step back and we look at this business, I think recently, you've heard me start to talk about this as a CPI-plus type of business. So we think this service is certainly an essential service and should command CPI-plus level pricing. So 3% to 4% this year is certainly -- it's something we passed along, and we're seeing it stick. We just feel like the service is just too valuable, not to price it at those levels. 
 And then secondly, when you look at the SG&A levels across the business, it's good to see the improvements that we're seeing in our cost structure. I think in the quarter, we talked about a 20 basis point improvement in SG&A as a percentage of sales. But when you unpack that, you see that we spent roughly 50 basis points more on growth-oriented investments but 70 basis points less of back office costs. 
 And I think that's representative of the work we're doing to improve the effectiveness and the productivity of our business. We feel like there's more to come, but we certainly are happy with the progress we're making there. 
Operator: And our next question is from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. 
Ashish Sabadra: Sorry, [indiscernible] again. Apologies if I missed this one, but what was the exit growth for residential? I believe the 10% was for the entire company, but what was it for resi? 
Kenneth Krause: Yes, it was 10.8% to put a fine point on it for the entire company. And for residential, it was 8%. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: For February and March. 
Kenneth Krause: Yes, for February and March. Yes. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing comments. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to speaking with you all at our upcoming investor conference. Thanks again. 
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Rollins, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2023 Earnings Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, February 15, 2024. I'd now like to hand the call over to Lyndsey Burton, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Lyndsey Burton: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. In addition to the earnings release that we issued yesterday, the company has also prepared a supporting slide presentation. The earnings release and presentation are available on our website at www.rollins.com. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our earnings release. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which will be filed later today. On the line with me today and speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Krause, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Jerry, would you like to begin?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Lyndsey. Good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2023 was an outstanding year for Rollins as we achieved a milestone of $3.1 billion in revenue. Demand from our customers remained strong throughout the year across all major service offerings. While full-year revenue increased 14% versus last year, we grew earnings per share by over 18% and adjusted earnings per share by 20%, reflecting consistent execution of our operating strategies and a commitment to continuous improvement in our business. We finished the year with a strong fourth quarter and observed sustained strength in the pest control markets we serve. We also continue to drive share gains in our markets by leveraging a multi-brand, multichannel approach at scale to differentiate ourselves competitively. Digital marketing, cross-selling, service bundling and door-to-door sales methods help us reach new customers and enhance engagement with existing customers to support organic growth. We have also strategically allocated resources to the commercial side of our business to capitalize on opportunities within key verticals. Most notably, we have grown our sales force and invested in training and tools to enable their success. Our service quality is high, and our offerings are customized, which helps new sales professionals gain confidence and become successful quickly. Additionally, we are leveraging the scale of our Orkin brand across North America to effectively serve commercial customers coast-to-coast in both the U.S. and Canada. While we're still early with respect to our efforts in this area, we see good results as demonstrated by approximately 11% commercial revenue growth for the year. Investments to drive organic growth are complemented by strategic M&A. And in 2023, we welcomed 24 new businesses into our company through acquisition. This includes the addition of Fox Pest Control, which was the second largest acquisition in our company's history. Our synergistic approach to integration has gone well with the Fox team exceeding the financial targets we outlined last April. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, we divested certain non-core businesses, most notably our lawn care business, which includes insect, fertilization, and weed control for turf grafts. We recognized a pretax gain on sales of that transaction of approximately $15 million. The decision to divest this asset aligns with our strategy to focus on profitable growth in core pest control operations. Operationally, we remain committed to developing exceptional talent and investing in our teams. The hiring environment improved in 2023 as we put a lot of energy into onboarding the right people in both support functions as well as the customer-facing side of our business. Effective sales and service staffing levels help us capitalize on continued demand and deliver solid results for the year. 2023 was also an important year with respect to continuous improvement and safety was a key area of focus for us. During the year, we implemented an app that monitors driving behaviors once our vehicle is in motion. The app protects unsafe driving maneuvers associated with acceleration, breaking and speed, then converts data collected into a driver safety score. I'm pleased to report that by year-end, our average driver safety score for drivers that we monitor increased over 30% from the beginning of the year, but we aren't stopping there. Improving the safety culture isn't something that is done overnight. But we are proud of the progress we have made and have set ambitious goals for ourselves to encourage safe behaviors throughout our organization. We believe these efforts will improve our ability to serve customers, help mitigate potentially negative financial impacts on our business and most importantly, ensure our people return home safe every day. Our continuous improvement efforts also set our own initiatives to modernize our back office and support functions. This is a work in progress, but we took some important steps to upgrade talent and systems during the year. These efforts are aimed at further enabling our growth priorities and increasing productivity as we work to become a better, more effective provider of shared services for our brands. In closing, our performance in 2023 demonstrates the strength of our business model and the engagement level of our team. Our family of pest control brands are driving profitable growth and we are focused on continuous improvement throughout the business. We remain committed to providing our customers with the best customer experience and investing meaningfully in our team to drive growth both organically, as well as through disciplined acquisitions. We're pleased with where our business stands today and the momentum we carry into 2024. And I want to thank each of our 19,000 plus associates around the world for their efforts and contribution to our success in 2023. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Our results for the quarter and the year reflect continued strong execution by the team. Let me begin with a few highlights for 2023. First, we delivered robust revenue growth of 14% for the year with double-digit growth across each of our service offerings. It was encouraging to see organic growth of 8% for the year, while acquisitions continue to be a meaningful part of our growth profile, accounting for approximately 6% of our total revenue growth. Second, we made good progress on profitability improvement in 2023. Full-year gross margins were healthy as we were positive on the price cost equation and saw improvement across several key cost categories. Adjusted operating margin finished the year at 19.7%, improving 140 basis points driven by leverage across the P&L. This translated into GAAP EPS of $0.89 per share, up over 18% for the year and adjusted earnings per share of $0.90, up 20% for the year. On an as-reported basis, we generated incremental margins of almost 30% for the year and on an adjusted basis, incremental margins were almost 28% for the year. And last but not least, we delivered operating cash flow of $528 million and free cash flow of $495 million, both up over 13% versus last year. Our strong cash flow performance enabled us to execute a balanced capital allocation strategy, deploying nearly $1 billion of capital in 2023 with a focus on investing for growth, while returning cash to shareholders through a growing dividend and share repurchases. Turning to our fourth quarter performance. The team delivered a strong quarter with revenue up 14% to $754 million. Currencies had a negligible impact on quarterly revenue growth. We saw a good balance of growth between organic and inorganic activities as organic revenue was up over 7% with acquisitions accounting for the other 7% of growth. Jerry mentioned that we divested certain non-core businesses in the quarter, most notably our lawn care business. The purchase price for the transaction was $18 million. We received $15 million in proceeds during 2023 and recorded a pretax gain of $15 million on the sale. This business doesn't provide the growth or profitability profile of our core pest control business. Going forward, we don't anticipate any significant divestitures associated with portfolio rationalization in the foreseeable future. In the fourth quarter, Residential revenues increased approximately 18%, Commercial Pest Controls rose nearly 11%, and Termite and Ancillary was up over 13%. Organic growth was healthy across the portfolio with growth of nearly 5% in Residential, approximately 9% in Commercial, and over 11% in Termite and Ancillary. We normally see a step down in revenue as well as growth in Q4 along with Q1 due to seasonality. Comparing Q4 this year to last year, we saw an acceleration in organic growth across all service lines. Gross margin improved 40 basis points to 50.9% in the quarter. While Fox was accretive to gross margins for the quarter by about 30 basis points, we saw 10 basis points of improvement in organic margins as leverage from people costs and fleet offset pressure from materials and supplies and higher insurance-related costs. Gross profit also steps down in Q4 and Q1, primarily due to lower volume levels associated with the seasonality of our business I previously discussed. With that said, I'm pleased with the fourth quarter performance as we saw improvement year-over-year and recorded our highest Q4 gross margin level in the last several decades. Quarterly SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue increased by 10 basis points versus last year. Excluding the earnout adjustment for the Fox acquisition, SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue decreased by 10 basis points in the quarter. We saw nice leverage on people costs, which offset increased advertising and selling expense associated with the growth initiatives that Jerry discussed previously. Fourth quarter GAAP operating income was $139 million, up 16% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $144 million, up over 20% versus the prior year on 14% total revenue growth. Quarterly EBITDA was $181 million, up 24% versus last year, and EBITDA margin was a healthy 24%, up 190 basis points versus last year. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $167 million, up 14% and representing a 22.1% margin, flat versus last year. While we saw nice leverage with respect to both gross profit and SG&A, adjusted EBITDA margins were negatively impacted by about 40 basis points in the quarter due to lower non-operational gains on property and vehicle sales that were included in other income when compared to the fourth quarter of last year. This impacted incremental EBITDA margins in the quarter as well. The effective tax rate was 25.8% for both the quarter and the full-year period. And for 2024, we're expecting an effective rate -- tax rate of approximately 26%. Quarterly GAAP net income was approximately $109 million or $0.22 per share, an increase of nearly 30% from $0.17 per share in the same period a year ago. For the fourth quarter, we had non-GAAP pretax adjustments associated with the Fox acquisition-related items that I mentioned earlier, totaling approximately $5 million of pretax expense in the quarter. We also recognized the $15 million pretax benefit associated with a gain on the sale of our non-core business. Taking into account these adjustments, adjusted net income for the quarter was $101 million or $0.21 per share, increasing over 23% from the same period a year ago. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Operating cash flow increased 24% in the quarter to $153 million. We generated $142 million of free cash flow on $109 million of GAAP earnings, a 22% increase versus last year. Cash flow conversion, the percent of income that was converted into operating cash flow was well above 100% for the quarter. Debt remains low and debt-to-EBITDA is well below 1x on a gross and net level. We continued to fund our dividend in the quarter. Going back to the fourth quarter of 2022, we have increased our dividend 45% and we remain committed to funding our growing dividend as cash flow improves. As we look to 2024, we remain encouraged by the strength of our markets and the execution by our team. We are focused on delivering another year of robust growth and healthy incremental margins, further complemented by a strategic and disciplined approach to M&A. From a pricing perspective, we remain focused on effectively pricing the value of our services to remain positive on the price cost equation. And we have begun to raise prices for 2024 in the first quarter at a rate that is consistent with 2023 levels. We also continue to be active in managing our rate cards. Our focus remains on driving consistent growth, delivering healthy incremental margins and compounding cash flow that will enable a balanced capital allocation strategy focused on investing in growth initiatives in our core market. Before I turn the call back to Jerry, I wanted to announce that we will be holding an investor and analyst conference on the morning of May 17th in New York City, where we will share more about our strategic priorities and how we are positioning ourselves for continued success in the future. We're looking forward to sharing more details in the coming weeks and months. But for now, please hold the date. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Jerry, Ken, good morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning.
Kenneth Krause: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: A couple of questions here. On the resi organic growth, Ken, as you highlight, it decelerated from 7% to 5% from the third to the fourth quarter. But you're right. As I look at results historically, I do see a slight deceleration seasonally from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, typically. So could you just talk about what those seasonal factors are? Like onetime revenue or whatever else. And if that's the case, could you also talk about how your recurring -- your residential recurring revenue stream looked like in the fourth quarter?
Kenneth Krause: Certainly, Tim, I'll start, and then turn it over to Jerry for additional comments as well. But when we look at the business, the business, as you so well indicate has a high degree of recurring revenue. And so as a result, there is a consistent base to the revenue that we enjoy and we benefit from. The one thing that does have an impact on our business from time-to-time is what we call onetime type of service. And when we look at the quarter in the fourth quarter, we did see a decel and the deceleration in the rate of growth in those areas of our business. That's probably the largest area of impact on the revenue growth in the quarter. We were really encouraged, quite frankly with the level of growth that we continue to see from the recurring business. It was a healthy level of growth for us, despite being stacked up against last October, you may recall was more beneficial because hurricane season was pretty tough in September. And so some of that business pushed into the fourth quarter of last year. There's always puts and takes, of course, in this business with weather. But we continue to be pretty encouraged with respect to our growth, especially in the resi sector.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And I would add, Ken, as I think about residential pest control, your -- every other month in your quarterly service frequency offerings of your recurring base, that's your bread and butter. That is the healthiest indicator of what's going on in our business as we are growing our business, increasing our volumes and are we ending the year from a positive standpoint and customer -- in net customers -- net new customers to start the year, we certainly did that. And that quarterly and EOM pest control is your bread and butter and the onetime is that gravy on top. And sometimes you don't always get that gravy and that's what's really caused the slowdown in addition to the divestiture of the lawn care, that was about another $1 million on the residential side that also impacted that number in the quarter as well, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Okay. So there was a little less gravy in the fourth quarter, which implies that your recurring revenue in that business is above your stated organic growth in the fourth quarter. Am I correct on that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. Absolutely. Our recurring quarterly every other month service definitely outpaced our organic overall number.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. The other one for me, and thank you for that, is on digital [indiscernible]. You mentioned last quarter that digital marketing [indiscernible] were, I think the language was flat to down slightly. Correct me if I'm wrong about that. But I was just curious if that trend carried through the fourth quarter or if it moves up or down at all?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. So as we look at the digital queries we saw in the fourth quarter, the digital queries, we saw modest increases in the quarter versus the prior year. But we did -- so it did result in some healthy increases in lead starts and sales both from a digital as well as just overall in our business. We did see a lift there. It was certainly better than flat. It wasn't stellar performance, but it was an improvement year-over-year. So we believe we continue to benefit from a diversified approach that we're not overly reliant on all the digital space. And that's a key part of the formula in our organic growth.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. It's interesting, Jerry, just adding on to that. When we look at the business in the fourth quarter and as well as throughout the year, what really proves the point that we're continuing to see good cross-sell, and we always talk about additional ways we access the customer. And one area is the cross-sell and the Termite and Ancillary business is really representative of that. We continue to see really robust levels of demand on the Ancillary side of our business, which is driven a lot by that cross-sell activity that the team continued to execute upon.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you, Jerry and Ken. When my kids turn 16, I might try to hit you off from one of those driver monitoring systems.
Jerry Gahlhoff: It's a good idea. You should probably get on it yourself, too.
Tim Mulrooney: Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Haas with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Haas: Hey, good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. I'm curious if you could remind us what level of price increase you had put in last year. And I know it's early in the year, but I'm curious if you're seeing any more sensitivity from customers to the price increase you're putting in this year versus last?
Kenneth Krause: So as we had talked about previously, Jason, we had passed along a 3% to 4% price increase in the prior year. We followed that on again this year with a similar price increase here in the first quarter, ahead of our heavier pest market season, which starts here later in the first quarter. So we're pretty -- in terms of what we're seeing on the customer side, we monitor that. We assess that, we look at churn, we look at cancellations, we look at rollbacks. We look at a number of different metrics. And we feel like the level that we're passing along is at a very healthy level and is representative of the value of our services.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's great to hear. And then as a follow-up question, I'm curious if you could just talk about competitive dynamics in the industry. I'm curious how your growth rates in 4Q compared to the industry? If you feel like you're still gaining share? And just if you see any opportunities for the share gains in the year ahead?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I mean we continue to have a highly fragmented market in this industry. It remains very competitive. I wouldn't necessarily characterize any significant shifts or changes in that competitiveness, it's always been that way. And while there are some ebbs and flows in here and there, we just keep doing what we do, focusing on our business and trying to win at what we do so.
Kenneth Krause: When we look at our growth, Jason, in the quarter at organic growth, which was north of 7%, and we think about how that fares relative to how we've discussed the business and also how we outperformed. We're pretty happy with the level of growth that we're seeing come through the business. And we also continue to have a high degree of optimism and we're encouraged about the future growth that we continue to see in this business. So we really look at how we're performing relative to our expectations, and we continue to perform at a level that we're pretty pleased with.
Jason Haas: Got it. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from George Tong with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
George Tong: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Following up on the Residential business. Can you talk about what recurring revenue growth trends were? How did it perform relative to your earlier quarters? And what you see as the key drivers of growth acceleration going forward?
Kenneth Krause: Certainly, George. When we look at the growth rates and we look at their recurring revenue growth relative to prior quarters, the business continues to perform pretty well. It continues to hold in there. I mean Q4 always sees a step down and just generally the growth year-over-year. But it's above what we saw a year ago, and it continues to be at a healthy level. So there's nothing that's indicating that there's a significant decel in the growth rates or a different or a change in profile and the growth rates that we're seeing coming through our business.
George Tong: Got it. And you talked about earlier, making good progress with bundling, cross-selling in door-to-door sales. Can you talk a little bit about your priorities for 2024 with respect to these areas and how you expect that to drive volume performance?
Kenneth Krause: Certainly, when you step back and you look at the business, George, we look at it across a number of different priorities. We -- and when we think about our expectations going forward, we talked earlier about our pricing. We're focused certainly on getting the value of our services through strategic pricing management. And we again raised prices and we'll continue to raise prices and manage our rate cards effectively. So that's one side of the equation. And so that rate -- that growth rate associated with pricing is at this point expected to be in line with what we saw a year ago at 3% to 4%. And then secondly, when we look at growth profile across the business, we remain encouraged by our position in our market. We continue to have confidence in our ability to deliver a healthy level of growth going forward that's in line with what we've seen here in the last couple of years. We've all enjoyed the benefit and you've seen the benefit of our growth rate accelerating post-COVID. We continue to operate at a pretty healthy level of growth in our business from an organic perspective. And then, of course, we saw a really robust uptick in growth associated with M&A in the last year. When we look at the initiatives across the business, the cross-sell is certainly really important, going after those customers that may have one service, but trying to add additional services like mosquito and ticks and other services like that. Continuing the focusing on the Termite and Ancillary business is very important. And then last but certainly not least, is the Commercial side. Jerry spoke about the Commercial business in detail, we talked about it in the third quarter as well. We continue to place this portion of focus on the Commercial business and driving growth there. So all of those initiatives are coming together to give us optimism as we think about our growth rates going forward.
Jerry Gahlhoff: George, I'll add. This is Jerry. When we think about one of the ways I just love our business model is the diversity that we get from our brand strategy. Each of our brands has various different ways to acquire customers, whether it be, say, Northwest and Home team that rely heavily on the homebuilding market or Fox doing door-to-door. And now, for example, we have Home team doing door-to-door and expanding that offering in their business by things they learn from the Fox team. These are all things that we can deploy across and due to the diversity of our brands and what each one brings to the table that we think continues to help us with this solid growth profile for the future.
George Tong: Very helpful. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Hoffman: So the challenge is to how creative can I be to ask four questions in two. Good morning, everybody.
Kenneth Krause: Good morning.
Michael Hoffman: So things that would help the model, Ken, are specifics that I think you can share like the three to four and 1Q pricing. What is the dollar amount of the M&A rollover from '23, so everybody just gets that right? And how do you think about the cadence of it in the calendar year, so we just don't get that wrong?
Kenneth Krause: Certainly. When we look at M&A, we continue to be focused on M&A. We continue to focus on executing that disciplined strategy. We see roughly 2% carryover coming into 2024 from M&A. A large part of that, of course is here in the first quarter with Fox, we acquired Fox last April. So we still have one quarter of benefit. When we look at the pipeline, we see a healthy pipeline. We were very active to close out the year and then also to start 2024. January activity in deals that we closed are up. So we continue to chart towards that 2% plus level of growth, 2% to 3% plus level of growth associated with M&A as we go forward. But the carryover is around 2%.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then it's shared with us that incremental margins on an adjusted basis for 2029, both on an adjusted and adjusted 28%, 29%. What is the target for this year? And how does non-operating gains influence that? And maybe can you isolate what those gains were in '22 and '23, so we can understand how to think about them in '24. There's my creative question with four [indiscernible]?
Kenneth Krause: Certainly. When we look at the incremental margin profile, there's no reason -- I mean, we continue to see and have a confidence level in delivering 30% incremental margins. If you look at the incremental margin in the last several years, we've seen it step up. Our focus has been -- we've been laser-focused on incremental margins and driving improvements on the margin profile. And so when we think about that level, that's the range at 30%. We've seen quarters as high as 35% to 40%. So it will jump around from quarter-to-quarter. And you're going to see that. But generally, when we step back and we finished the year at 28% to 30%, we're pretty pleased. That means we're getting 70 basis points as we did of improvement in EBITDA margins. The gains on asset sales will come through. They came through in Q3 -- or I'm sorry, Q4 here. And we saw roughly $3 million lower asset sales that came through other income, about 40 basis points on the margin line and the EBITDA margin line. And that will come through from time-to-time. And we'll try to isolate that as we go forward for you.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe if I can ask a clarifying question on resi. Obviously, good to hear the recurring revenues within resi continue to do really well and the digital inquiries are also pretty stable. Just a question there is, have you seen any change, particularly from competitor pushing harder on the marketing spend, is that changing anything? Did that change anything in the fourth quarter? But maybe importantly, going into 2024, how should we think about the demand environment? You talked about a pretty solid demand environment. I was wondering if you could provide any color on cicadas and the two groups of cicadas coming or emerging in '24, what do would that mean for the demand environment? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Ashish, I'll -- this is Jerry. I'll kind of try to take the first part of that statement. I asked our marketing team what was going on in the fourth quarter from a digital spend standpoint. It was a time when we'd like to invest a little earlier in the year in some of the marketing. And it did appear anecdotally that there was a pretty significant uptick in competitive spend in the fourth quarter at a time when we were backing, winding down some of our marketing spend that there was some pretty significant investment in the market there in the fourth quarter. So we certainly saw the competitive environment pick up in that regard where there was more spend into there. Now how that equated to sales and starts to new customers or onetime work on the residential side, we don't really know. But -- so that's on your first question, that's...
Kenneth Krause: Yes. And the second part of your question, I think, it was around cicadas and new pests. And we continue to monitor new pest activity. Cicadas are one of the many pests that we continue to monitor. Jerry, I don't know if you want to add. I'm certainly not the expert when it comes to cicadas. You're probably much better positioned to answer that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. Well, cicadas typically are not a household pest control problem. They are a nuisance because when they come out and the volumes as they did a couple of years ago, they wreak havoc from a noise standpoint, I know -- I have a house in the mountains that you couldn't sleep at night, and it was very annoying. But they tend to just go away over time, but it probably will create some awareness about pests in general and things that bother humans, but it's not as though our pest control companies are going to be out there attempting to eradicate cicadas. So that's seemingly an impossible feat. We're really just out there waiting for them to die off and go away and start the whole process over again. So it will probably create some buzz in the marketplace, and that's always good for business.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color. And maybe if I can ask a question on the back-office modernization. Ken, if you can just help us understand where you are on that process? And how should we think about that contribution to incremental EBITDA margins in '24, but also midterm? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. We continue to be very early on in our journey with respect to modernization, making good progress. We've added a number of new team members across our back office, we've made some significant changes. But we're pretty excited about what's to come. With that said, when we look at the SG&A performance over time, we've continued to see that improve. Going back a couple of years, it was almost 31%. It's come down under 29% here in the quarter. So we continue to leverage that and despite having investments and growth initiatives associated with the commercial business as well as other parts of our business. And so we're early on in the journey. We feel like there's some opportunities as we go forward to continue to improve the business.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks. Very helpful and really strong momentum in commercial and ancillary services. So congrats on that.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Chan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Chan: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe bridging from the prior question on SG&A. I guess, you've done a really good job improving gross margin over the last several years. I guess from an SG&A perspective, is there an expectation that the leverage there can increase a little bit over time as some of your initiatives get more traction?
Kenneth Krause: Yes. I think there's an opportunity to improve upon the SG&A performance. And we've said that for some time, and we continue to see improvement in SG&A. With that said, we do have a disproportionate investment in securing customers through advertising and door-to-door and other activities. But with that said, our focus is to continue to improve upon the administrative side of the back office and without sacrificing the investments for growth. And so we're hopeful to see improvement as we go forward, just like we've seen in the last couple of years here. In the last year or so, we continue to see improvement despite the investments we're making. But we feel like we're well positioned on that front.
Josh Chan: Okay. Thank you. That makes a lot of sense. And on the Residential side, you mentioned that the onetime service slowed down a little in Q4 and maybe a little slower in Q1 as well. Is there anything to interpret from that from perhaps a macro perspective or any other reasons that would drive that to be a little slower for the upcoming quarter as well?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. Really, what we saw was a slowdown in some of the residential bed bug, onetime work and also on the wildlife side, which often involves some rat type of -- rat and rodent type of work, a slowdown there. Those are the main drivers of that, whether that's seasonal, whether it's something that's changed in the weather or change in demand. We're not completely certain of any of that. But bed bugs, for example, being down has always been something that has fluctuated from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year on some of the ups and downs. And it was just more significantly down for us in recent months.
Kenneth Krause: When we look at that question, Josh, because we've looked at that as well because we deal with consumers, homeowners. And when we look at the business and we assess more of a macro level, we look across our business. We look not only in the Residential pest control that Jerry just spoke about, well we also look at the Termite Ancillary. And that Ancillary business is normally some high-ticket items. And if that continues to grow, the pace it's growing, it's indicative that the consumer is pretty healthy. With that said, we were proactive in the end of last year at tightening credit down in a number of different areas just to ensure that we don't run into any issues from a credit perspective. And so in our acceptance score, we raised the minimum level per credit, just trying to be proactive in today's market. But from a demand perspective, we're certainly not seeing any major deterioration in growth profile with our customers.
Josh Chan: Great. Thank you both for the real good color. And good luck in 2024.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Toni Kaplan: Thanks so much. I was hoping you could give us an update on labor, namely your salespeople. Are you seeing higher employee retention right now versus normal? And I know you mentioned deploying some sales tools and wondering if you could talk about other initiatives as well.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. So the labor side of it is we have been very good at hiring onboard and training our sales teams, especially on the -- well, really on the Commercial and Residential side, we're talking specifically a little bit more about the Commercial side. But one of the things that you learn with on the Commercial side, where you typically have a longer sales cycle, it takes longer from the time so you have a lead or create a creative lead to get a deal closed, you really have to get those salespeople productive in selling and finding success early on. And that's what helps you with keeping people in the long term. The more they're successful, the more they're winning. The longer they stay and the more money they earn, they go to our presidents club events, those types of things. And I'm really proud of our -- of the sales team that we've built both on the Commercial and Residential side. It's a team of very high-performing people that we've enabled that through how we hire, how we train, how we invest in them, how we give them those tools to be successful. And that's ultimately what drives retention. That's what makes them want to stay. So we have a lot of momentum in that space that I just feel really good about as we head into 2024.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. I wanted to ask a big picture around footprint. Are you happy with the current coverage and portfolio of geographies that you're in? Or are there other geographies that you'd like to gain further density in? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would say we are pretty happy. We have very broad geographic coverage under the Orkin brand in North America. And when you look in the U.S., mainly the area that we don't have the second bite of the apple brand strategy is fully built is really probably in the Midwest where we have some opportunity where we would like to continue to add and invest in M&A. And then when you think about international, we're very happy with our Australian operations growing and healthy, and we're going to continue to build out Australia, the United Kingdom and Singapore where we currently operate, but we really haven't put a lot of upper energy behind expanding outside of those areas. We like where we are, and we're going to continue to build and focus on those countries where we've expanded internationally.
Toni Kaplan: Terrific. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: Good morning.
Stephanie Moore: I was hoping you could touch a little bit on maybe what you're seeing on the unit cost inflation side, some key areas. You give a little bit about labor, but maybe just across the board, labor, materials, equipment, the likes and kind of expectations for 2024 versus what you saw, experienced in 2023? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: When we look across the cost structure, we look at our people costs, we look at our material supplies, we look at our fleet. Those are the 3 major drivers of cost in addition to insurance and claims, which sometimes can be less controllable, not completely controllable as much as some of the other areas. But we're pretty pleased with the leverage we saw on the organic side of our business across those 3 cost categories. We continue to benefit from lower gas prices, slightly lower gas prices, lower oil prices. That's definitely beneficial on the fleet side of our business. The interest rate environment certainly is less favorable from a leasing perspective. But we continue to focus on pricing the value of our services so that our gross margins will continue to improve and step higher. We were pleased with the 50 basis points we saw this past year on the gross margin side of our -- organic side of gross margin, and we're continuing to focus on leveraging our cost structure in a similar fashion going forward.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And Stephanie, I would add, we do have some concerns about truck prices rising. Some of these fleet vehicles or costs are going up. As Ken mentioned, there's always the wild card as fuel prices and fluctuations we have there. On the M&S side, we just completed an RFP on our insecticides and termiticides, trying to ensure our pricing is in line on that and trying to generate some savings or at least offset the -- as much as we can, some of the price increases that are being passed along to us from some of our suppliers. So those are all things that are top of mind for us that we'll keep focused on through the year.
Stephanie Moore: Great. No, that's helpful. And then, I mean, I guess just as a follow-up, I'm just trying to piece together the idea of similar price increases in 2024 versus 2023 but it sounds like the -- inflation is supposedly coming down here in 2024. So I guess what you're saying is it's probably still a little too early to tell if the inflationary side will have that material -- will step down in 2024. Is that kind of the right way to interpret that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: That's -- yes, that's what I'm hitting at. There's still -- there's some unknowns, there may be still some costs that we don't know. And you look at the inflation data that demonstrate that it's not necessarily slowing as fast as we all would probably like it to. So we're still -- we're cautiously optimistic there.
Stephanie Moore: Great. And then just lastly, on M&A and kind of M&A activity, any changes in terms of pipeline or willingness of sellers that you've seen as of late? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I don't think there's any significant change. There's still good deal flow out there. We -- there's good businesses that are out there for sale. And while -- from a quarter-to-quarter basis, there's some ebbs and flows to that kind of volume that we get to see or look at. But there's still plenty of good business out there that are potentially worth acquiring. So we've gotten off to a good start already in January. We feel good about our pipeline. We're actually a little ahead of where we were last year in that regard. But last year, keep in mind, in January, February, we announced the Fox deal in April, we were heads down working on the Fox deal. So we put a lot of stuff aside to focus on that. So now we're back to kind of business as usual and looking at normal deal flow.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you guys so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Mazzoni with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
John Mazzoni: Quickly, yes. So maybe quickly, just to touch on the price/cost spread. Looking at the kind of improvements in the driver safety score and that KPI, could you just help us understand how that can flow through to kind of lower insurance-related costs going forward? And what's the typical timing or delay? I mean, this is probably not going to be a kind of near-term item, but could we expect in the back half of the year? Or would it be something that has a longer variable lag? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: It's a hard thing to predict, John, when you look at that trend line because it does take quite a while to work its way through. The last 12 months or so year-over-year, insurance and claims costs were negative for us despite not having large payouts, large claims that we settled like we did a year or so ago. But with that said, we're hopeful that it will improve. When we look at safety, it's not just about the financials either, it's about our people. And so when we think about our people-first culture, we want people to be safe. We want them to return home each and every night and that's really the focus here. It's how we make sure our drivers are safe and the communities that they continue to work and remain very safe, and they can get home each and every day. So we're focused on the people side. By doing the right thing, ultimately, the financials will improve. And that's the focus here. As we think about the future in the next several years, that we'll continue to see improvements on safety. People will be safe and we'll see the benefits of that come through our financial statement.
John Mazzoni: Great color. And then maybe just the last one is around kind of a preview of the Investor Day. Anything that we could kind of look forward to, maybe around technology or capital allocation? Or should we just stay tuned? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. I would say, stay tuned, but we're really excited to get back to New York and to spend time with our investment community, talking about our growth prospects, our strategic priorities for the future, talking about how we will continue to expect the investments and growth initiatives. We're just really excited to spend the day talking about the future of this great company.
John Mazzoni: Sounds great. Looking forward to it.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you, John.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I will now hand the call back to management for any closing comments.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter earnings call in a few months. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Ken Krause. Thank you. You may begin.
Ken Krause : Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today Thursday October 26, 2023. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter call. This is Ken Krause. Before we begin, I'd like to take just a moment to formally introduce Lyndsey Burton. Lyndsey is our new VP of Investor Relations joining us most recently from the Home Depot. She brings a very strong background in Investor Relations and we're excited to have her join our team at Rollins. I look forward to introducing her to many of you in Q4 as we attend several investor conferences. Welcome Lindsey.
Lyndsey Burton : Thank you Ken, and good morning everyone. In addition to the earnings release that we issued yesterday, the company has also prepared a supporting slide presentation. The earnings release and presentation are available on our website at www.rollins.com. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our earnings release. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2023, which will be filed later today. On the line with me today on speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Krause, Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Jerry, would you like to begin?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Thank you, Lindsey. Good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report that Rollins delivered another good quarter of growth and profitability, reflecting consistent execution of our operating strategies and continuous improvement in our business. Our financial performance for the third quarter was highlighted by an increase in revenue of over 15% to $840 million. I'm pleased to report that we continue to see organic growth of over 8%. Further, this reflects a solid performance across all major service lines, as Residential increased approximately 20%, Commercial Pest Control rose approximately 12% and Termite was up 11% this quarter. Revenue performance in the quarter was robust following the slower June activity that we discussed on the last quarter. We saw consistent growth in the mid-teens each month of the third quarter. We have observed continued underlying strength in the pest control markets year-to-date, particularly within North America. Additionally, our addressable markets are large fragmented and supported by a number of key secular trends including, but not limited to: one a shift from DIY to do-it-for-me; two, population migration to warmer climates; three, changing weather patterns; and four, the stickiness of hybrid work schedules leading to people spending more time at home.  As we look at our competitive position in these attractive markets, we believe we continue to benefit from several key elements of our business model. If you look back over the last 15 years or so, we've consistently grown revenues through the great recession in 2009 and on through the industrial slowdown in the mid-teens. We reliably grew mid-single digits year-in and year-out. Revenue growth accelerated pre-COVID and that has generally continued. We delivered high single-digit organic growth in each of the last 11 quarters. Let me highlight four key areas that we believe have differentiated us in the market and position us well to continue outpacing a market where secular trends should support mid single-digit growth over the next several years. First, our leading portfolio of pest control companies gives us a unique position in our markets. The combination of Orkin and our strong group of regional brands gives us multiple bites at the apple with potential customers and additional cross-sell opportunities. Second, we use a variety of methods to acquire new residential customers and add to the depth of our relationships with existing customers. Digital marketing, cross-selling, service bundling and door-to-door sales methods all help us reach new customers or drive further engagement with existing customers. We also have important relationships within the homebuilding and real estate market communities through brands like HomeTeam and Northwest. We're able to capitalize on this multi-channel approach to drive residential customer growth. Third, we're investing in commercial customer acquisition targeting key strategic verticals that are the most profitable. This is paying off, with 12% growth in the quarter. And last but not least, we have a clarity of focus and have been consistently executing our strategy in our core market for a very long time. This focus and clarity ensures we don't make unnecessary changes and enables us to continue to successfully grow our share in a very attractive pest control market. These points of differentiation have positioned Rollins to achieve a healthy level of organic growth and are further complemented by strategic M&A. Looking at the recent acquisition of Fox Pest Control, the integration remains on track. The Fox teams are executing and doing well and we continue to be excited about the growth opportunities ahead for the Fox brand. Additionally, through the first nine months of this year, we closed 18 tuck-in deals in addition to Fox. The M&A pipeline remains healthy and we're actively evaluating acquisition opportunities both domestically and internationally. As I've highlighted in the past acquisitions are an important component in helping us expand our market position, while also complementing efforts to accelerate recurring organic growth. We remain disciplined in evaluating M&A opportunities and are confident in our continued ability to invest in the right strategic acquisitions, while delivering strong organic growth across the business. Our dedication to continuous improvement is an important part of our strategy and culture. As you've heard us discuss previously, we're constantly looking to improve our service levels and operating efficiencies. In August, we took an important step towards increased efficiencies in our Atlanta Support Center to accelerate our growth goals. For the first time in about 20 years, we executed a restructuring program that was designed to support our modernization efforts and flatten our overhead structure. We plan to reinvest cost savings and initiatives that further enable our growth priorities and allow us to serve our frontline operations more efficiently. We continue to see opportunities for margin expansion as we move forward and execute our strategy. Ken will provide more detail and address the margins in the quarter shortly. Operationally, we're committed to developing great talent and investing in our teams. Hiring has been healthy and we put a lot of energy into onboarding the right people in both support functions and the customer-facing side of our business. Effective sales and service staffing helped us capitalize on continued strength in demand and to achieve high levels of organic growth both in the quarter as well as year-to-date. We remain focused on safety and I'm pleased to report that we have seen our average mentor driver safety score increase over 25% since the beginning of the year. You'll recall that, this driving score is derived from an app that we have implemented to monitor driving behaviors when our vehicles are in motion. Improving the safety culture isn't something that's done overnight, but we are making strides and we're encouraged that our claims activity had less of a negative impact to our financial results versus a year ago. We are working hard in the field to increase safety awareness and training, while recognizing and rewarding those that are the safest. We believe these efforts will keep our people safe and mitigate negative financial impacts to our business. We continue to focus on creating value and returning capital to our shareholders. We're pleased to be in a position to increase our dividend by 15%, and we remain committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. Additionally in the third quarter, we completed $300 million in share repurchases. The moves we made earlier this year in modernizing our capital structure by refinancing and expanding our revolver gave us the flexibility to be opportunistic and participate in a repurchase at a very attractive price. Ken will share some additional details on this in a moment. Our modernization efforts continue to progress well but we're not done yet. And we look forward to sharing additional developments on this front over the coming quarters. In closing, before I turn the call over to Ken we are excited about where our business stands today. We're very well positioned for the remainder of the year and remain focused on robust organic growth delivering healthy incremental margins and continuing to attract hire and retain top talent across the business. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Krause: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter reflects continued strong execution by the Rollins' team. Let me begin with a few highlights. First, we delivered robust revenue growth of over 15% year-over-year. We saw good growth across each of our service offerings. Organic revenue was up over 8%. Acquisitions drove the other 7% of the total revenue growth. Second our gross margins were healthy approaching 54% this quarter. We continue to be positive on the price cost equation and saw good performance across several key cost categories. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 24.8% was strong improving 150 basis points driven by leverage across the P&L. Our GAAP earnings were $0.26 per share, and excluding certain expenses related to the Fox acquisition and severance costs for the restructuring that Jerry just mentioned, adjusted earnings per share were up 27% to $0.28 per share. And last but not least, we delivered operating cash flow of $127 million and free cash flow of $121 million, both up slightly versus last year. Cash flows were impacted by the timing of certain payables the payment of payables at quarter end. Let's look at the quarterly results in a little bit more detail. Quarterly revenue was $840 million, up 15% on a reported basis. Currencies reduced revenue growth by 10 basis points. Organic revenue growth was very healthy at above 8% this quarter, improving from the second quarter levels. We continue to see good demand for our services and our acquisitions, most notably Fox, continue to deliver value in the third quarter. Turning to profitability. We realized a 150 basis point improvement in gross profit margin as pricing more than offset inflationary pressures. While Fox was accretive to gross margins by about 30 basis points, we saw 120 basis points improvement in organic margins in the quarter. Setting aside improvements associated with the more favorable claims experience and the contribution of Fox, we saw 50 basis points of improvement in gross margin as leverage from people costs as well as materials and supplies more than offset pressure from fleet due to lower gains on the sales of leased vehicles versus a year ago. We are pleased with our ability to leverage our cost of services provided as we continue to benefit from a more consistent pricing discipline across all of our brands this year. SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue decreased by 20 basis points in the quarter. Excluding the earn-out adjustment for the Fox acquisition, SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue decreased by 30 basis points in the quarter. Peeling back the SG&A layers a bit more, people costs advertising and selling costs along with insurance and claims, make up the bulk of our SG&A spend. Margins benefited year-over-year associated with improved claims experience and we saw leverage on our people costs but were negatively impacted by increased advertising and selling expenses as we invested to drive growth in our business. As Jerry mentioned, for the first time in 20 years we executed a restructuring program at our Atlanta Support Center to further support our modernization efforts. Roughly 15% of our back-office employee population was impacted and we intend to reinvest associated cost savings in both people and systems that can drive further change and increase productivity as we work to become a better, more efficient provider of shared services for our frontline operations. As I mentioned earlier, we had non-GAAP adjustments this quarter for restructuring costs and for Fox acquisition-related items. These totaled approximately $10 million on a pretax basis and were related primarily to Atlanta Support Center severance costs along with purchase accounting amortization and the fair value of contingent consideration on the Fox acquisition. GAAP operating income was $177 million, up 22% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $187 million, up approximately 29% versus the prior year on 15% total revenue growth. EBITDA was $202 million, up 19% year-over-year and EBITDA margin was a healthy 24.1%. Our adjusted EBITDA was $208 million, up over 22% and representing a 24.8% margin. Margins were up 150 basis points versus a year ago primarily related to the improvements in gross margin discussed previously. Fox was neutral to EBITDA margins in the quarter. Year-to-date our adjusted EBITDA margins improved 90 basis points versus a year ago with 20 basis points of that improvement coming from the Fox acquisition. Excluding this, 70 basis points, was driven across the remainder of the business. As we have consistently indicated, we like to look at the business using incremental margins or meaning what percentage of every additional dollar of revenue growth is converted to EBITDA. On an as-reported basis, we generated incremental margins of over 29% and excluding the restructuring costs and the additional costs associated with the earn-out on our recent acquisition, incremental margins were almost 35%. Year-to-date we generated incremental margins on an as-reported basis of over 27%. And on an adjusted basis, incremental margins were almost 30%. Quarterly GAAP net income was $127 million or $0.26 per share increasing from $0.22 per share in the same period a year ago. Adjusted net income was $136 million or $0.28 per share. The effective tax rate was approximately 26% in the quarter and for the first nine months the ETR was 26% as well, up over 100 basis points compared with 2022 driven by higher foreign income taxes. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Quarterly free cash flow remained healthy. We generated $121 million of free cash flow in the quarter versus $119 million a year ago. As previously discussed, quarterly free cash flow was impacted by the timing of certain payables primarily related to our door-to-door sales. Year-to-date free cash flow was $354 million, an increase of 11% versus last year. During the quarter, we made acquisitions totaling $21 million. We paid $64 million in dividends and we completed a share repurchase of $300 million at below $35 a share. We repurchased 8.7 million shares and used our revolver to fund this purchase. We expect this to be less than 1% dilutive to results in the first year and minimally accretive in the second year. Debt remains negligible and debt-to-EBITDA is below one time on a gross and net level. Our strong cash flow profile has enabled us to execute a very balanced capital allocation strategy this year. Year-to-date, we have invested approximately $350 million in acquisitions, repurchased $300 million of our shares and paid $192 million in dividends, a 30% increase year-to-date. Additionally we just announced another 15% increase to our dividend earlier this week. This marks over two decades of consecutive increases in annual cash dividend payments. We remain active in pursuing additional acquisitions. And looking at multiples, we remain very disciplined. Year-to-date we have invested approximately $350 million in acquisitions and the market remains highly fragmented and we continue to be an acquirer of choice and a very active participant in our markets. In closing, our performance this quarter continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model and the engagement level of our team. Our family of brands are driving profitable growth and we are focused on continuous improvement across the business. We remain focused on providing our customers with the best customer experience and driving growth both organically and through disciplined acquisitions. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking the question. It's good to see the strong momentum in the business. I just wanted to better understand. Can you -- you obviously talked about multiple different avenues to attract new customers. And -- but I was just wondering, if you could comment on the underlying demand environment. Have you seen any slowdown in the demand environment? And you, obviously, talked about month-to-month being consistently strong but have you seen a better focus on certain selling strategies versus another? Thanks a lot.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry. Thanks for the question. I think some people think the entire market demand is driven by whatever someone's seeing in digital. And that's not always the case especially for our business. When you look at the digital side, it was relatively flat or maybe even slightly down on the digital side. And that's really where our strategy to have lots of approaches for how we acquire customers plays a differentiating factor for us. So while the digital segment was certainly, I think on the flattish to slightly downside, our diversified strategy is really what's paying off for us. 
Ken Krause: Yeah. The only thing I would add there just two points. One, the growth across the business is quite impressive. When I look at the business in the quarter, we saw a broad-based growth not only on a quarterly basis we saw consistent growth, but broad-based growth across all of our family of brands. So that was really good to see, first. And second we exited the quarter and went into October, we continue to see a really healthy demand level. And if you might recall, a year ago we saw a lot of business from a really tough hurricane season in September get pushed into October. So to see good momentum into October also gives us a bit of optimism as we think about the future.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I think it's also important to mention that what we've seen across say the US and Canada in particular across North America is that all of our businesses are doing well and geographically not only from a brand individual brand strategy, but also from a geographic strategy they're really all doing quite well.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great color. And just maybe on my follow-up I wanted to talk about the solid incremental margins that we've seen of 35%. As we think about the modernization efforts that you've worked on, how should we think about the incremental margins going forward? Is that 30% to 40% sustainable going forward? Thanks.
Ken Krause: Yeah, it's a great question Ashish and thank you for that question. What I would say is our focus is to continue to deliver a very healthy incremental margin profile. This quarter, you're correct in saying that we were 35%. We continue to see an opportunity to deliver 30% incremental margins upwards of 35% to 40%, depending on a multitude of factors but we certainly continue to have a confidence level in our ability to deliver a 30% incremental margin and continue to see EBITDA margins lift as we go into the future. It's a great business. It's an essential service. It's got pricing and we're focused on continuous improvement in our – across our business not just in our back office. So with all those points, we continue to focus on delivering a very healthy incremental margin profile.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great color and congrats on the solid quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vicki Lu [ph] with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. This is Vicki on for Jason Haas. To start off I'm just curious have you seen any pushback from the 4% price increase or is it more business as usual as you see?
Ken Krause: Price increase has been – it's been a very healthy environment as what we've seen from a standpoint of price increase. You may see certain zip codes that you might see challenges in but you see other zip codes where you don't see much challenge at all. So – but overall, we see it as a very healthy environment for our essential services.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thank you. And then to follow up, do you think your customers can take another price increase on a similar scale in 2024?
Jerry Gahlhoff: We're going to – this is Jerry. We're going to evaluate that. We're here in the fourth quarter when we start really taking a look at our price increase data that results from the last nine or 10 months and say what happened? What did we learn? And create our strategies for next year. And I guess my best advice to you would be to stay tuned. We'll probably update you on that at some point in the first quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Ken, Jerry, good morning.
Ken Krause: Good morning
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Thank you for taking my questions. Two quick ones. So on customer acquisition, Jerry I think in your response to another question, you said the digital channel was kind of flat to down in the third quarter. My question on that is that new? Was it up in the first and second quarters of this year? Just trying to get a sense for how consumer demand in this particular channel has trended through the year?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would characterize it in the first five months of the year as somewhat up. I wouldn't say it was something that – we didn't see some sort of double-digit increases very consistently. We may have had better – some better months than others but it wasn't up at a higher – a significant higher level than prior year. There are ups and downs. And then it was really June is where we saw that almost that double-digit decrease for those three weeks in June that was sort of out of character but then it just rebounded in July. So I would say it's been dynamic and maybe the word is a little volatile over the summer a little bit but then it's now seemed to stabilize pretty consistently over the past few months in terms of flat year-over-year. So I don't know if that helps but I think that's the story of the last nine or 10 months.
Tim Mulrooney: No that's extremely helpful. There's a lot of folks out there trying to figure it out on their own and looking at your trends. And so we just hearing it from you directly is very helpful. And I fully appreciate that you have many different channels in which you acquire customers but thanks for the detail on that. The other thing I want to ask about is customer acquisition costs. Customer acquisition costs in the digital channel I know it's risen over time just like they have for everybody – I'm curious if you're seeing a narrowing I guess in the gap of customer acquisition cost between digital and door-to-door? And if so do you plan to expand the usage of that D2D channel more extensively in future periods? 
Jerry Gahlhoff: So yes that is something – that is a trend that we've seen as more and more pest control companies have gotten more mature in the digital space. We have seen say the Googles of the world be able to pass along higher cost to us in terms of – especially for things like pay-per-click things along those lines. So you see that rise. And I also want to point out just because demand is flat through say Google search data or something like that or it's down 1% year-over-year or something along those lines, doesn't mean you as a company can't perform or take a larger share of that demand through – we have great marketing teams, certainly at Orkin and throughout some of our other brands as well that do some of the digital activity. And they can achieve more with the dollars spent in that market. But back to your original question, we certainly have seen over time over the last several years an increase in digital cost of customer acquisition that makes that gap between door-to-door and digital certainly narrower, and so when you look at the door-to-door model you think that can be a pretty good model if you sell it right, and especially when you consider the door-to-door is selling you density because they're working neighborhoods and you're picking up a dense more dense populations than say onesie-twosie stuff coming in from all over a metropolitan area on the digital side. So, when you factor the efficiencies that door-to-door bakes in long term even though it's a little bit more money upfront it may be it's a really strong offering from a long-term standpoint as well.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Chan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Chan: Hi, good morning Jerry and Ken. Congrats on a good quarter. I guess I wanted to ask about the customer acquisition split I guess. You mentioned digital and door-to-door mostly on this call but I guess of the ways that you acquire customers could you just give us like a rough ballpark on how what channels they typically come through in?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Got it. You're asking like what percent of customers come through which channel? 
Josh Chan: Yes exactly.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes we really don't disclose that information.
Ken Krause: But I would say that today much larger portion comes through a digital channel or more comes outside of door-to-door then comes from door-to-door.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. There's digital. There's the consumer awareness that makes the phone ring when they call our customer agents where -- they know our brands. They know our name and they call us automatically and never have to go to Google to do a search because they've seen our name phone number they see a vehicle in the neighborhood and they make the phone call, right? So, the word of mouth is still a powerful channel. So, it's really all those things that come into play to drive that but certainly digital is an important part. But we also don't like to over-rely on it as well. And we also think about technician sales. We've put a great deal of emphasis. And one of the things that you learn in this business is when you're not staffed your technicians don't sell. So, if they are -- if they're too swamped with too much work to do they're not going to go out. And when that when somebody down the road talks to them they're going to be a little less hesitant to want to sell that new job because it's just more work for them. But when you're staffed and you're staffed to a healthy levels your technicians get engaged. So, we see increases in our technician sales and their activities as a result of our better staffing levels as well. So, it's all these ways that we can acquire customers.
Josh Chan: Right. thanks Jerry. And then I guess on the restructuring side of things is there a way to think about the payback period of the cost? And what kind of savings you expect to generate from those efforts?
Ken Krause: Yes, it's an attractive payback, Josh. Thanks for the question. When you look at the spend the $5-or-so million of spend, there's probably close to $8 million to $10 million of compensation associated with that. So, my experience has been a one-year payback is very acceptable. You can see a six-month payback and a spend associated with the restructuring here. With that said, I think if you look at the prepared commentary, we're focused on reinvesting as well. And so there is an opportunity to reinvest in new talent new talent like Lindsey. She kicked off the call today, our new Head of IR, new folks across all of finance and accounting IT, we're making significant changes in as well. And other back-office functions. So, we're looking at how do we upgrade the talent, how do we improve, how do we modernize what we do. And some of that is going to take some reinvestment of that $8 million to $10 million.
Josh Chan: Sure. That makes a lot of sense. Thanks Ken. Thank you both for your time.
Ken Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aadit Shrestha with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Aadit Shrestha: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on a strong quarter again. So, what was the internal cost inflation? Is it still predominantly fleet related? And how do we how has this trended actually through the year? And just kind of related to that you talked about price/cost spread it remains positive. I think it was around 50 basis points. How has that trended versus 2Q or 1Q? And how do we think about it for remainder of the year and into 2024?
Ken Krause: So, it's Ken. I think I'll take that question. Our focus is to continue to have a positive positively manage the price/cost equation. If you look at the input costs in our business, a large percentage on a cost of services provided are people costs materials and fleet. For the most part, we've done a really good job at leveraging and improving the efficiency over those costs throughout 2023. If I go back to Q2, for example, we saw improvements in margin some of that was related to Fox. We also had headwinds if you remember from the casualty reserve. But when you separate those two, in the second quarter, we saw improved margin similar to what we saw this quarter. What we saw this quarter was outsized improvement associated with the casualty claims and insurance costs. If you go back to last year in the third quarter we were very transparent in talking about a very unfavorable headwind associated with insurance and claims. So, we were able to see improvement from what we saw last year. But our focus is to continue to be positive on the price/cost equation. Really the only headwind we saw in the quarter within our organic cost was in fleet which specifically was related to lower gains on the sale of leased vehicles. We actually talked about that in Q2 and highlighted that we would be seeing some of that here in Q3 we did see it but we were able to fully offset that and see improvements. And so that's the focus continued improvement in margins as we go forward.
Aadit Shrestha : All right. Thank you so much. And just as a follow-up I think free cash flow conversion and you pointed out there was sort of a payment -- a big payment make a you brought it down to 94% conversion. I think year-to-date you're tracking around 110% historically it averages around 120%. So do you expect 4Q sort of picks up and you actually get back to that 120% conversion for the year? And how do we think about it long term like beyond 2023 and maybe into 2024 how much more can it improve?
Ken Krause : Yes. It's a business that's very capital light. And so when you look at the cash flow profile it's hard to find a business this investing 7% to 8% and working capital has very little CapEx and enjoys the benefits of that and has been compounding cash flow at 10% to 15%. So our focus is just that how do we continue to compound cash flow in that teen range? How do we continue to convert net income and earnings at above 100% of net income. The third quarter had an impact. We saw payables come down considerably. We paid some payables as we closed out the third quarter. And our focus is to improve that as we go into Q4 and beyond. And so that continues to be our focus. We're continuing to focus on driving high levels of cash flow performance and compounding in the ranges I previously discussed.
Aadit Shrestha : Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Harold Antor : Hello. This is Harold Antor on for Stephanie Moore. So I guess a quick question. How did weather trend in the quarter and how the [indiscernible]. And then also in 2021 MAU increase the hiring of sales professionals. So are those individuals are full productivity? And how do that impact on organic growth in the quarter? Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff : So on the -- this is Jerry, Harold. On the weather side, we had a pretty good weather quarter. Last year as Ken mentioned we had a hurricane that came through at the end of September it affected south in particular Southwest Florida. So we didn't have that type of event. So I would generally categorize it as favorable. And then as it relates to hiring of salespeople we've been very effective. And when you look at our commercial growth a lot of the investments we've made both in commercial and to some degree certainly the residential side and our termite and ancillary is the result of the effectiveness and the efficiencies that we're getting from a sales productivity standpoint of those sales the sales teams that we've added. And you look at our commercial growth looking back over the third quarter of 2022 we've added over 60 more commercial account managers into the Orkin brand alone over the past year that's really helping us that's an investment we make in the business. It's helping us drive that growth. We see a great opportunity in the commercial space. And those are the investments that we've been making over the last 12 months.
Harold Antor : Thank you. And then just on M&A. Given where interest rates are in a certain markets, are you seeing more willing sellers how much TV is in the market? And then I guess for your acquisition strategy are you acquiring more traditional companies or more companies similar to Fox Pest Control that are door-to-door like?
Jerry Gahlhoff : We're seeing everything still in the market. Businesses are still owners are still interested in selling their businesses and the pipeline flow remains good and we're open to looking at all types of businesses that fit our model that help us continue the growth pattern that we strive to achieve help us that are accretive to our margins that are going to help us grow in a healthy positive way. So that side of it still seems very positive. What would you add to that, Ken?
Ken Krause : Yes. The only thing I would add is pricing which everybody is always focused on what are we paying for acquisitions. Two points I want to raise with respect to that. One is we don't compete on price. Our focus is to be the acquirer of choice. And we've been very successful being the acquirer of choice for a very long period of time. When people are ready to sell their business and they're focused on brand preservation and their people they sell to our business. And we've been very successful being the acquirer of choice for a very long period of time. When we look at the business this year we've invested $350 million in acquisitions. I would say that the multiples that we've paid for that $350 million investment is probably below the overall long-term average from a multiples perspective. So we feel good about what we're spending how we're competing and the success that we're driving through acquisition.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Mazzoni with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
John Mazzoni: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe just to double click quickly on the commercial side. Could you maybe just talk more about the target vertical strategy as well as anything on technology that really is accelerating the kind of organic growth profile? And maybe also just – again, the 60 kind of added reps have been helpful. But just to talk about the kind of sustainability of that growth going forward? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So, on the commercial side with targeted verticals, we've talked about this over the last few years especially as we are kind of coming out of the tail end of COVID and the investments that we've made there. We know that, our research on our customer database shows there are certain much more highly desirable verticals that we like to sell into and service into and things like hospitality or health care, hospitals, logistics, warehouses, distribution centers not that we don't want everything commercial but we have really targeted our focus on certain verticals. And when we bring on new say commercial account managers at Orkin, we're really getting them focused and targeted on working that type of material and going after those types of customers from a B2B standpoint. So it's really -- I've also discussed some of our tools like Marketo that help us from a -- on a B2B standpoint that have helped us get our outside sales people on the commercial side warmer leads and make them more productive and make them more productive quicker. That's a relationship sell. It takes some time. So we've been very deliberate about that since we started this program, probably midway through COVID seeing this as an opportunity coming once we are on the backside of COVID that would be a great opportunity for us to capitalize on. And we're again a long-term view and a long-term approach to our business and that's -- you're seeing the results and the payoff of that now. So -- and then on the technology side, certainly our marketing teams in particular when we talk about accelerating organic growth there are technologies. There's campaigns that we run where we're using technology where we're using some automation. The marketing teams are certainly innovative looking at strategies along those lines. I don't like to get into specifics, but I can assure you that they are very creative and very helpful to our sales teams in terms of creating that organic demand.
John Mazzoni: Great color. Thank you. And then maybe just to quickly touch on competition. Have you seen any change in the competitive landscape? And perhaps has there been any pullback in either smaller regional players or large national players?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Competitively, it's -- I mean, it's still a healthy competitive market highly fragmented and lots of players out there. So no -- we haven't seen any significant change from a competitive standpoint. That's probably noteworthy or remarkable still competitive out there.
John Mazzoni: Thank you. Perfect. Thanks, again. Congratulations on the strong results.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Davies with Redburn Atlantic. Please proceed with your question.
Oliver Davies: Yes. Good morning, guys. Just a couple of questions for me. You mentioned on the Q2 call that organic growth is running at about 10% in July, which sort of implies that the rest of the quarter is about 7.5% so can you just talk through the sequential movement you sort of witnessed through the months and into quarter end? And then just another one on gross before margin. Are you able to give a split of organic growth between kind of new customers and cross-selling into the existing customer base?
Ken Krause: So, on the second point with respect to the margin profile of customers, we unfortunately do not track that and have that -- enjoy that level of detail in the business. But what I can tell you is, cross-sell is certainly always a big part of our strategy. When you look at the strategy, it's important to sell multiple services to one customer for a multitude of reasons. And so, it's certainly continuing to be a focus for us. And we're continuing to see good momentum in that part of our business.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. When you look sequentially between July, August, September from a growth rate, you're right, July was a pretty big month, where we saw higher levels of organic. But then as we move through the quarter, it remained strong too. It was more in line with our historical averages. It was strong organic growth to close out the quarter as well.
Ken Krause: Yes. The only thing that you would add on that is -- and I don't want to start to split hairs, but when you look at Q2, we talked at the end of Q2 about a weak June. And so, it's not out of the question to think or out of the realm of reason to think that some of that business in Q2 may have pulled into Q3 in July and push that number up a bit. And so -- but there's -- I don't -- looking at Jerry, there's nothing other than that that was really out of the ordinary with respect to growth. It was healthy throughout.
Ollie Davies: Thanks. Sorry, I mean just can you give a split of organic growth between new customers and cross-selling.
Ken Krause: No. We don't -- I mean there's -- we don't -- unfortunately, we don't track that level of detail to a point where I could provide that to you right now. But I can tell you that the growth is healthy. I mean the growth is healthy across both of those areas. It's been healthy for us.
Ollie Davies: Okay. Thanks. And then just on adjusted EBITDA last year. I think it was negatively impacted by 140 basis points on the casualty reserve increase. So I guess if you add that back to last year's margin, you sort of get 24.7% versus the 24.8% delivered this quarter. So can you just talk about the moving parts? And is that still a pretty big drag on margin?
Ken Krause: Yes. The big point you're missing with that is the fact that the insurance markets have been really challenging. And so, claims are one thing, but insurance is continuing to tie on us. And so when you look at last year, you did have that negative impact on the claims that came through. But unfortunately -- and those have come down this year in Q3, but the insurance costs have not come down. And so, you're seeing really good improvement in the underlying business. It's not 150 basis points and that's why we were transparent in saying that in the quarter, when you set the improvement on the casualty reserve side, you set the Fox improvement aside, we saw 50 basis points of improvement in the underlying margins in the quarter alone. So -- but we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to improve margins as we go forward.
Ollie Davies: Okay. Thanks, very much.
Ken Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to management for any final comments.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter earnings call early next year. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Joe Calabrese. You may begin.
Joe Calabrese: By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746, and we'll send your release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.rollins.com, and a replay will be available for 180 days. The company is also offering investors a supporting slide presentation, which can be found on Rollins' website at www.rollins.com. We will be following that slide presentation on our call this morning and encourage you to do that with us. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation as well as in our press release. Presentation and press release are available on our Investor Relations website. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. More information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. On the line with me today and speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman; and Kenneth Krause, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. John, would you like to begin?
John Wilson : Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us today for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. We posted very strong revenue and earnings growth for both our second quarter and first 6 months of 2023. We continued to deliver solid performance across most -- all of our brands and achieved healthy levels of customer growth. Before I turn the call over to Jerry, I want to comment briefly on the results of our recent acquisition of Fox Pest Control. We closed on the Fox acquisition in April, just prior to the ramp-up of their selling season, and they have performed exceptionally well as they achieved solid growth in the first quarter of our ownership. In addition, we have been pleased with their earnings contribution as they achieved over $2 million of GAAP earnings in the first quarter of ownership. This is inclusive of a $1 million charge associated with our earn-out of the deal. Our transition with Fox has gone quite well, and we're excited to have their great team and the Fox brand as part of Rollins. Now let me turn the call over to Jerry, who will provide more details on our quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Rollins delivered another good quarter of growth and profitability, reflecting consistent execution of our operating strategies and continuous improvement in our business. Our financial performance for the second quarter was highlighted by an increase in revenue of approximately 15% to $821 million. I'm very pleased to report that we continue to see organic growth of approximately 8%. Further, this reflects a solid performance across all major service lines. Commercial pest control rose approximately 11%, residential increased over 18%, and termite was up approximately 14% this quarter. Revenue performance in the quarter was healthy, although a little uneven due to pest seasonality. On a month-to-month basis, organic growth was very robust at 10% in May before slowing a bit in June. We're back on a good trajectory now in July, in line with what we saw in May. Importantly, our frontline team member staffing levels are better than we've seen in several years, and that is providing us with an opportunity to capitalize on demand for our services. I'm also quite pleased with the progress we're making this far with the Fox Pest Control acquisition, the second largest acquisition in the history of our company. Taking a closer look, the integration of Fox has gone smoothly over the past few months. The Fox teams are executing and doing very well. The transaction was accretive to our second quarter earnings. This continues to be an exciting, highly complementary addition and we believe the revenue growth achieved this quarter is reflective of the team's focus on execution. The team at Fox was not distracted by the shift in ownership to Rollins and was focused on their customers and growing their business. Making for a smooth transition is a key tenet of our acquisition integration strategy, and our collective teams were diligent about not disrupting these efforts of our frontline team members post close. I'd like to express my thanks to the Fox team and all our teammates that have worked hard to make this happen, and we're very excited about the growth opportunities ahead for the Fox brand. Next, we continue to have an enhanced capital structure and a robust acquisition pipeline as we're actively evaluating acquisition opportunities, both domestically and internationally. As I've highlighted in the past, Acquisitions are an important component in helping us expand our market position while also complementing efforts to accelerate recurring organic growth. We remain disciplined in evaluating M&A opportunities and feel very good about our continued ability to invest in strategic acquisitions while delivering strong organic growth across the business. Another important part of our culture is our dedication to continuous improvement. As you've heard us discuss previously, we're constantly looking to improve our service levels and operating efficiencies. As a result, we continue to see opportunities for margin expansion as we move forward and execute our strategy. We are currently evaluating several streamlining efforts. Kim will provide more detail and address the margins in the quarter shortly. In addition to the unrelenting focus on productivity and improving our margin profile, we're also more strongly focused on safety. Our experience was disappointing in this area in Q2 as we continue to see higher settlements associated primarily with auto accidents. This was a $0.01 per share drag on earnings this quarter versus a year ago. We have ramped up efforts to significantly reduce automobile accidents moving forward. Our drivers now utilize an app that begins monitoring driving behaviors once our vehicle is in motion. This app detects unsafe driving maneuvers, such as acceleration, braking, distractions and speed and then converts these data into an industry-accepted FICO driving score from 100 to 850, with 850 being the best. The data indicate that drivers with scores below 710 are 30% more likely to have a collision than those with higher scores. We're working hard in the field to increase driver safety awareness and get these scores up by coaching and training those with lower scores while recognizing and rewarding those that score the highest. We believe these efforts will help us keep people safe and mitigate negative potential financial impact to our business. On the investment side, we proactively increased customer acquisition-related efforts during the second quarter and strategically invested more heavily on advertising spend when compared with the same quarter a year ago and sequentially versus the first quarter of 2023. While these costs were a $0.01 drag on second quarter earnings, we saw meaningful opportunities to go after and acquire new customers during the start of the busier spring and summer seasons. Given that approximately 80% of our business is recurring, I want to emphasize that the opportunity for us to attract potential new customers is very important and it's a strategic investment over the long term. To date, we're extremely pleased with our targeted marketing and advertising efforts, which we believe is reflected in our strong organic growth performance for the quarter, and we expect this momentum to continue into the third quarter of 2023. Next, we continue to focus on modernizing our business, our capital structure and our organization. As you may recall, in February, we enhanced our capital structure by refinancing our revolver, increasing it from $175 million in 2 banks up to $1 billion in 8 banks, providing us with investment-grade flexibility. More recently, our approximately $1.5 billion universal shelf facility was declared effective by the SEC. This facility provides additional financial capital and flexibility to the company, and Ken will share some additional details on this in a moment. Operationally, we're committed to developing great talent and investing in our teams. Hiring has been healthy, and we've put a lot of energy into onboarding the right people in both the support functions and the customer-facing side of our business. As we look ahead to the improvement opportunity in front of us, we're focused on upgrading and realigning key areas in our home office support functions. You've heard us talk about opportunities in this area, and we are evaluating several initiatives as we start the second half of 2023. We believe that driving this type of change will provide opportunities to accelerate our growth goals and enable our home office to become a better, more efficient provider of shared services to our frontline operations. Our modernization efforts are progressing well, but we're not done yet, and we look forward to sharing additional developments on this front later. In closing, before I turn the call over to Ken, we're pleased about where our business stands today. We're well positioned for the remainder of the year and remain focused on robust organic growth, delivering healthy incremental margins and continuing to attract, hire and retain top talent across the business. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kenneth Krause: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter reflects strong execution by the Rollins team. Let me begin with a few highlights. First, we delivered strong revenue growth of approximately 15% year-over-year. We saw good growth across each of our service offerings. Organic revenue was up approximately 8% in the quarter and to finish the first half. Acquisitions drove the other 7% of the total revenue growth in the quarter. The integration of the Fox acquisition is progressing well, and we have a growing sense of optimism around this recent investment. Second, our gross margins were healthy, exceeding 53% this quarter. We were positive on the price/cost equation and saw good performance across several key cost categories. An adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.3% was pressured primarily by higher insurance premiums and casualty loss developments on 4 legacy auto cases. Our GAAP earnings were $0.22 per share and excluding certain expenses related to the Fox acquisition, adjusted earnings were $0.23 per share. And last but not least, we delivered approximately 16% improvement in operating cash flow while free cash flow was up approximately 18% versus the same period a year ago. Let's look at the quarterly results in a little bit more detail. Quarterly revenue was $821 million, up 15% on a reported basis. Currencies reduced revenue growth by 30 basis points as the Canadian dollar and the Australian dollar weakened relative to the U.S. dollar. Turning to profitability. We realized a 40-basis point improvement in gross profit margin, where we saw good performance on gross profit as pricing more than offset inflationary pressures. We continue to see the benefit of a more consistent pricing discipline across all our brands this year. Looking at our 4 major buckets of service costs, people, fleet, materials and supplies and insurance and claims, we saw improvements in margins associated with materials and supplies as well as fleet costs, while insurance and claims were a headwind. People costs were also somewhat favorable to margins even as we added a significant level of pest control and termite control technicians to support strong demand trends. As Jerry said earlier, staffing levels for our frontline team members are the best they've been in years. This timing sets up well as we see strong customer demand to start the third quarter. SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue increased by 30 basis points in the quarter. Peeling back the SG&A layers a bit more, people cost, advertising and selling costs, along with insurance and claims make up the bulk of our SG&A spend. We saw headwinds to margins from higher insurance and automobile-related claim costs, as previously mentioned, there were settlement developments on a few auto claims cases this quarter, and we're seeing higher costs in general for auto insurance and related claims due to inflationary pressures. We continue to invest heavily in advertising efforts in the quarter, and that has helped us go after and capture healthy levels of growth. As I mentioned earlier, we had non-GAAP adjustments this quarter for Fox acquisition-related items. These totaled approximately $5 million on a pretax basis and were related to purchase accounting amortization and the fair value of contingent consideration on this material acquisition. GAAP operating income was $155 million, up almost 15% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $160 million, up almost 19% versus the prior year. EBITDA was $182 million, up over 14% year-over-year and EBITDA margin was a healthy 22.2%. Our adjusted EBITDA was $183 million, up over 15% and representing a 22.3% margin. And for the first half, EBITDA margins were just under 22%. It is good to see EBITDA compounding at 16% in the first half. As I have consistently indicated, I'd like to look at the business using incremental margins or meaning what percentage of every additional dollar of revenue growth is converted to EBITDA. On an as-reported basis, we generated incremental margins in line with our overall EBITDA margin. However, excluding the headwinds I mentioned from insurance and auto claim developments and the additional costs associated with the earn-out on our recent acquisition incremental margins were accretive to our margin profile. Quarterly GAAP net income was $110 million or $0.22 per share, increasing from $0.21 per share in the same period a year ago. Adjusted net income was $114 million or $0.23 per share. The effective tax rate was 27% in the quarter, up 200 basis points versus the prior year, driven by higher foreign income taxes. We expect the rate to normalize at approximately 26% over the second half of this year. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Quarterly free cash flow remained very strong. We generated $141 million of free cash flow on $110 million of earnings. Quarterly free cash flow increased by almost 18% and is compounding at just under 18% in the first 6 months of this year. Cash flow conversion, the percent of income that was converted to cash, was also a bright spot coming in well above 100%. We made acquisitions totaling $312 million, and we paid $64 million in dividends. That remains negligible and debt-to-EBITDA is well below 1x on a gross level. We continue to be active in pursuing additional tuck-in acquisitions and remain very well positioned to continue to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. As Jerry mentioned previously, we are excited about the strategic growth opportunities that Fox provides. So far, the Fox team and business have exceeded our expectations from a growth perspective and we see continued opportunity and momentum in their door-to-door model. A quick update on financial details. In April, we shared our expectations that Fox would add between $90 million and $100 million of revenue and $18 million to $22 million of EBITDA to our 2023 results. We now expect to deliver financial performance at the high end of both of those ranges. We continue to make progress on a number of general financial housekeeping items that will help position us best as we continue to grow our business. Of note, we filed a shelf with the SEC on June 3. This filing allows for up to $1.5 billion of primary securities. And while we have no immediate need for this capital, it provides flexibility for long-term fixed rate financing and other options that complement the bank revolver that we put in place earlier this year. Additionally, the shelf allows the company to work proactively with the family should they decide to divest a portion of their holdings at some point in the future. In summary, our performance this quarter continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model and the engagement level of our team. We remain focused on providing our customers with the best customer experience and driving growth organically and through disciplined acquisitions. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Josh Chan with UBS.
Josh Chan: I wanted to ask about the comments that you made regarding the trends in May and June and July. Kenneth, what do you make of the fluctuation? And I guess, based on that, how do you see the trends going forward?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes. This is Jerry. The quarter was a little different than we've seen in the past. If you'll recall, back in April at our call with everyone, we talked about April was off to a really strong start, and it was, and April finished strong. May was good as well. And then we saw a pretty significant shift in and some of the demand, especially in the back half of June where it just slid. We've since gotten some of the data from Google on Google search query data that showed there was a pretty significant decline in the back half of June, and that's really what drove the volume down overall in the quarter. But then right when we got near the end of June, very beginning of July, get close to the 4th of July, it really popped. It just came back again. I think the temperatures rose considerably and the number of unique visitors to our website, just in the first couple of weeks in July improved by over 18% year-over-year. So it was it was a little weird. Normally, you see that kind of seasonality earlier in the quarter, not later, but it was a little different than we've ever seen in the past.
Josh Chan: Okay. That's really helpful color, and that makes sense. And then I guess my follow-up, you also mentioned advertising increasing. Certainly, it makes sense to invest in that given your business model. I was just wondering what causes you to ramp up or down the advertising spend. I'm curious what you saw in Q2 that made you decide to do more advertising versus less?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Well, when we started, we had good signs in April that the environment was good. And plus, we were staffed for it. So when you're better staffed and you've got the people to service the customers and get the new customers coming in the door, that's when it's there to take there to take advantage of it. And in our business, and if you look at the fiscal year, selling recurring revenue, the earlier in the year, you get it the more revenue you get. And so we just thought the conditions were right. And I think that's worked out well for us as evidenced by the organic growth levels that we saw in the quarter.
Kenneth Krause: That’s great commentary, Jerry. Josh. Just one additional item with respect to advertising. If you go back and you look at our results, say, for the fourth quarter of last year, we were conscientious in disclosing that advertising was down. And so what you saw was during the winter season, during the fourth quarter, advertising was certainly lower because demand levels are generally lower. But as you go throughout the year, you generally will see a ramping of the advertising in Q2 and Q3. And before it starts to recede a bit in Q4. So I think we’ll continue to follow that same trajectory when we think about demand season for our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Luke McFadden with William Blair.
Luke McFadden: This is Luke McFadden on for Tim Mulrooney. I'm curious, with inflation beginning to ease, is your above-average pricing adding any effect on new customer growth or retention? In other words, are you seeing any pushback or pricing from customer -- on pricing from customers? And how should investors think about pricing more broadly as you head into the second half of this year.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would say we've had a little more pushback than we've had in prior years, but nothing that's insurmountable. It's still early to truly judge as we go through the year and get further into the year, we'll look closer at our rollback data and exclusion data, this really get an effect of what happened and whether or not customers canceled over. We'll have all our metrics as we move through the year. I would say it hasn't, it hasn't been a significant issue for us thus far this year. Now the questions as you move through the year, we watch that further depending on the economic environment. We have to moderate that. Ken will -- our plan is to evaluate pricing towards the latter part of this year once all the data and we'll go from there as we think about a futuristic...
Kenneth Krause: Yes, that's correct. But I do I also want to add that we continue to believe that our services are essential. We do believe that there's definitely value in our pricing model. But we are conscientious of price and what impact that has in our customer base. And so we'll continue to monitor that. We'll continue to monitor economic trends, but we won't lose sight of the essential value of our services. So Stay tuned on that. But that's, I think, how we think about it, Josh.
Jerry Gahlhoff: That was Luke.
Luke McFadden : Great. And if I can follow up just with one more maybe on gross margins here. It looks like gross margins were up 40 basis points year-over-year in the second quarter. We know Fox has pretty high gross margins, just given the nature of that business. How much of that gross margin expansion do you think could be attributed to the contribution from Fox? And can you touch on the other factors just helping to drive that gross margin expansion in the second quarter? I know you mentioned it in your prepared remarks, but -- any further commentary there would be helpful.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. It’s Ken, Luke, and I’ll take that question. You’re exactly right. The Fox acquisition is a very valuable acquisition and the gross margin reflects the value on their business model. It is accretive to the overall margin profile of Rollins. But it only contributed about $39 million of revenue in the quarter. So it’s not that meaningful. It did have a positive impact on the gross margin, but we also saw a positive impact across our organic business, primarily through better leveraging of fleet costs, better leveraging of people costs and materials and supplies. It's interesting, when I step back and I look at the fleet cost, you would expect fleet costs to improve with gasoline prices. But the thing I think people are missing at times is the fact that used car prices aren’t as attractive. So when we turn in lease vehicles or when we sell lease vehicles, we’re not seeing as much of a gain as we did last year at this time. So we’re seeing good improvement in our organic business despite that headwind. And we also are seeing improvement associated with the Fox acquisition coming through our gross profit margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore with Jefferies.
Harold Antor: This is Harold Antor on for Stephanie Moore. So you talked about productivity initiatives. So I just want to get an idea of what investments that you're making out of the company becoming a little bit more productive.
Kenneth Krause: Yes. I would add -- or I would say to that point, we, like most other companies have a list of a number of opportunities that we continue to evaluate across the restructuring area. We're looking at all areas of the business. And as Jerry had talked about as well as myself, continuous improvement is a big focus of our company. And so when we look at, for example, our home office, we are continuing to look at ways we can enhance and improve the home office, but we're also looking more broadly across the business. So can't give you one specific initiative, but it's really across all of our footprint that we're really evaluating opportunities to improve the business from a productivity perspective.
Harold Antor: And then just on the residential deceleration. It looks like resi slowed down. And sequentially on year-over-year. So if you could give us any puts and takes on resi growth, resi organic growth? And how should we think about resi organic growth looking forward to the back half of the year?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. When we look back at the quarter and compare it to other recent quarters, we look at it as though June was a bit of an anomaly. June was a really weird month that affected that. I mean we were – in April and May, organic growth was in that double-digit range, that we were expecting. And then in June kind of threw us for a loop with what went on there. So we’ve started the quarter out back on track with more in line with what we expected, and we don’t see any signs. Of course, you don’t have a crystal ball, but certainly, we’ll make every attempt to continue to drive higher levels on the organic residential growth side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Haas with Bank of America.
Jason Haas: Just following up on that monthly sales cadence. It sounds like maybe it was some cold spring weather maybe push them sales out into July. I'm curious, in prior years where you've had a cold spring, do you see the business shift into July and maybe even further into August and September? Just trying to think about that 10% organic growth number you started in July, and if there's anything to be cognizant of in terms of the compares, whether they get easier and harder through the quarter in August and September?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Again, you think about seasonality, and sorry to say this last quarter was different because normally, when we talk about cooler spring, cooler early summer, that's usually happening in March and April. And usually, it hits. So this quarter, it was just -- it was really different than one I'd say we've seen in many, many years. Now is that to say there's some pent-up demand. We certainly have seen that in July, where once temperatures got to -- I don't know, a few weeks ago, we were in California, Ken, and when we arrived that day, in the middle of the day, it was like 75 degrees. But then by the weekend, it was 110 degrees in Northern California and the phones were ringing off the hook. So it was very -- So we had some very unseasonably cool weather in June, which is kind of an anomaly. So I don't know what else to say...
Kenneth Krause : Yes. It's just adding on there. Weather always has an impact across the business. What really helps us to is those warm evenings when evening stay above a certain level, the low temperature doesn't get too low. And so when you see that, you certainly have a benefit in the business. And so it certainly does continue to have a nice positive impact on the business. As we think about comparables, I don't see anything year-over-year that has a huge impact on comparables from a weather or from a revenue performance perspective. Jason. But we feel, as we said in our prepared comments, we feel very good about how we're positioned to deliver a strong second half in 2023.
Jason Haas: That's great. And then for a follow-up, I was going to ask on the incremental EBITDA margins. I know you said previously, and we're seeing it play out that the plan was to invest more in some customer acquisition costs. So you're a little bit below the 30% target this quarter. Is that a fair framework? I think you're in the low 20% range or so this quarter. Is that a fair assumption to use for the near term? Or do you think in the next few quarters, you can get back to that 30% level that you target?
Kenneth Krause: So it’s interesting, Jason. If you look at the LTM number as of June 30, the LTM incremental margin is 29.3%. So it’s almost 30%. That’s up strongly from the prior year. And so when we look over a long period of time a 12-month period, we’re certainly trending at those levels that we talked about. This one quarter, what we saw in the second quarter, you might see it a bit in the third quarter, is you’re investing. It’s time to invest. It’s time to go after and acquire those customers that you’re going to keep for years to come. And so you see even our incrementals may be weighed down a little bit by that. But the fact that the incrementals were accretive to our actual margin profile that provides me a sense of optimism. We’re in an investment period, and we’re actually still seeing incrementals that are accretive to our EBITDA margin. That’s a good thing to see. And so we’re hopeful that, that will continue as we go into the third quarter. But our goal long term is that 30% incremental margin profile. There’s no reason this business shouldn’t get to those levels based upon the pricing that we get based upon the essential nature of our services, based upon our customer experience that our service technicians and our associates are providing our customers. And so we feel good about that incremental margin target longer term.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of John Mazzoni with Wells Fargo Securities.
John Mazzoni : Maybe just following up on this insurance issue. I think you believe you mentioned 4 claims in the quarter and about a 40-basis point drag. Could you maybe just quantify if there's any other kind of legacy settlements in the pipeline that could hit in the future quarters? And also, how should we think about higher insurance costs as we move through the year? Should they maybe step down as the driver safety improves? Or are higher insurance costs more of a function of just the environment we're currently in?
Kenneth Krause : Yes. First and foremost, what I would say is our accruals at June 30 are complete and accurate. And so when we look at the liability associated, for example, with auto claims, we feel like it's complete. We do know that things change. And so as facts, as circumstances change, estimates change. And that's what we would do as we move forward. you really started to see this tick up last year in the third quarter. We had around $10 million of claims that came through that settlements came through. And it's interesting when you look at what happened during COVID, claims have certainly -- they've certainly trended down quite a bit, courts closed a bit, settlement activity went down. And then coming out of COVID, you start to ramp. We're hopeful that we'll see that turn down as we go into the future. But you're just not sure what's going to happen on that front. What you can do, however, is focus on the controllables. And what Jerry had talked about in his comments, was focusing on putting systems and processes and the focus behind behavioral-based safety into the business that will mitigate these exposures as we move forward. And so we're doing just that. And we're hopeful that, that activity will have a positive impact on our experience in this -- our unfortunate experience in this area.
John Mazzoni : Got it. Great color. And maybe also just following up on this investment period. Could you just quantify the kind of return on ad spend or maybe even at a high level, just your kind of customer acquisition cost at kind of either digital or linear. We've seen kind of a lower TV upfront market and potentially others pulling back. So could that be potential upside if you can get these kind of ad dollars and your customer acquisition costs down.
Kenneth Krause: What I would say and I would ask Jerry to comment, too, was if I look at our organic growth profile and I compare it to our overall market growth, our organic growth, as we said in our prepared commentary, is roughly 8%. The markets, what we expect the markets to be growing at are much below 8%. So when we think about the organic growth profile and we think about the share that we are gaining in our markets, we feel good about the return levels knowing that incremental margins can be around that 30% and a customer might stay with us for 3, 5 or even 7 years. So we feel really good about the returns that we're getting on those ad dollars.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. I mean just factor in the lifetime value of a customer and what that customer means to us over the long term as a worthy spends. And we do a very good job of monitoring cost of customer acquisition, cost to lead, and we’re very comfortable with what we’re spending to generate that long-term recurring revenue stream.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Aadit Shrestha with Stifel.
Aadit Shrestha: This is Aadit Shrestha from Stifel filling in for Michael Hoffman today. So just going to your cash flow, you had a very strong free cash flow conversion in 2Q. Were there any specific factors that influence this in the period? And would you expect the conversion to be like lower in the second half?
Kenneth Krause: When we look at the cash flow conversion, we're really happy with the performance that we saw in Q2, but also the first half of the year. Our focus is to continue to drive compounding of free cash flow in that mid-teen range. And the fact that we saw free cash flow compound at roughly 17%, 18% in the quarter, it provides us a sense of optimism heading into the future. I don't know that we're ready to increase our expectations in the 18% or 20% compounding of cash flow. But if we can continue to see compounding of cash flow in that 14% to 15% or so percent, which is in line with what we've compounded cash flow at over the last 20 or so years. I think we would be happy with that performance. Nothing really jumps off the page at me in terms of what's driving cash flow improvement in the quarter. I know the FOX business has a bit of a different business model when you look at the door-to-door side. And so payables stepped up a little bit with respect to that business model, that actually had a positive impact on cash flow. But overall, we feel good about cash flow and we feel good about the generation of cash that we're seeing.
Aadit Shrestha : And just as a follow-up. Your largest customer mentioned that the deal valuations have come down as private equity is spending less for deals. Are you seeing a similar trend? And does this drive like an outsized year of deals, excluding the Fox acquisition?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Sure. I completely heard or understood the question. Were you asking more about the PE space and what we're seeing from a...
Aadit Shrestha: Just overall sort of what multiples are being paid for acquisitions are lower now. That's what they're seeing. And if you're seeing a sort of similar type of trend. And would this sort of mean you do more M&A than usual?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I wouldn't necessarily say it's come down significantly. I've seen some PE deals that have transacted at pretty high valuations early this year. I would say there's also been maybe some PE deals out there that haven't made it to closing. So it seems to be it's still a pretty rich environment. It may have softened a little bit, Ken. We measure that pretty closely and kind of watch all of our transactions. I don't necessarily think it means we're going to go more aggressive or try to bite off more than we can choose. We will always remain disciplined about picking the right -- the right acquisitions, the companies with the right culture, the people that care about the business and have the right type of fit for Rollins. And that no matter what the valuation is, that's the biggest thing we look. That's where we start. Ken, what would you add?
Kenneth Krause : Yes. The only thing I would add is, I mean, we can speak about our experience. And our experience is we’ve been investing at very healthy multiples, not necessarily aggressive levels we are getting deals at fair values. But it’s interesting. The one thing that certainly has an impact on the M&A markets is interest rates. And as interest rates tick up, ultimately, some buyers value businesses at a much lower level. You just can’t get there with certain levels of interest rates. So that certainly has potentially an impact on the M&A environment. But what Jerry said is spot on. We’re going to continue to focus on buying good businesses, paying fair values and businesses that align with our culture and our focus and value their team members, value their brands. That’s the kind of business we want to bring into the fold, and we feel like we got that with Fox.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ollie Davies with Redburn Partners.
Ollie Davies: On the residential side, can you just talk about the split of organic growth between kind of cross-selling into the existing customer base and your ability to add new customers, given the macro environment?
Kenneth Krause: The focus on cross-sell, the focus on ancillary is a key part of the strategy. We don't necessarily provide the detailed growth levels for ancillary or for cross-sell or multiple services with any one customer. But what I can tell you is we're seeing really good growth from a number of different services. Like, for example, you might have an individual that signs up for pest control and they're adding mosquito because mosquito demand is incredibly strong or you might see a termite customer or another pest control customer that is signing up for cross space work or insulation work. And so we're still seeing continued good demand for those ancillary and additional services across the business.
Ollie Davies: Great. And then as a follow-up, on the commercial, obviously remains very strong. What are the sort of typical types of commercial venues that you're adding at the moment? And do you think this can continue, given, I guess, the kind of historical volume growth that Commercial delivered before the pandemic?
Jerry Gahlhoff : We haven't seen any slowdown in our ability to sell and bring on new commercial customers. We are more focused on certain verticals that we really like to sell into -- logistics, health care, hospitality, things along those lines where we try to be pretty fairly disciplined about the customers that we're really proactively targeting. But we have a very effective sales force. We've continued to invest in that sales force and ramp up those sales efforts, and we feel very positively about the future of the commercial business.
Operator: And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'll now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to updating you on the third quarter earnings call in October. Thanks again.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Rollins Inc. First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joseph Calabrese. Thank you, and you may proceed, sir.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you, Claudia. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy, and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we'll send you a release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.rollins.com, and a replay will be available for 180 days. The company is also offering investors a supporting slide presentation, which can be found on Rollins' website at www.rollins.com. We will be following that slide presentation on our call this morning, and encourage you to view that with us. We have included certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of our discussion this morning. The non-GAAP reconciliations are available in the appendix of today's presentation, as well as in our press release. The presentation and press release are available on our Investor Relations website. The company's earnings release discusses the business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements, and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risk and strategies and actual results made differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release and the company's SEC filings, including the risk factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, for more information, and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. On the line with me today and speaking are Jerry Gahlhoff Jr., President, and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman; Ken Krause, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. John, would you like to begin?
John Wilson: Yes, thank you Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. I'm pleased to report, Rollins delivered solid first quarter results, highlighted by revenue growth of over 11%, and earnings per share growth of 20%. I want to begin by welcoming P. Russell Hardin as Rollins newest board member. Russ was elected to our Board at our recent shareholder meeting, and has served as President of the Robert W. Woodruff Foundation since 2006. He serves as a Director of Genuine Parts Company, as well as a trustee of the Northwestern Mutual Company. Hardin practiced law with the firm of King & Spalding, and as a long-time resident of Atlanta, has served this community in ways too numerous to list. Please help me welcome Russ Hardin.  Now turning to the Fox Pest Control acquisition, I'm very excited about this recent event. Enjoying a strong reputation in the marketplace, we have long respected Fox's history of success. In fact, I have a relationship with one of their founders, Mike Romney, going back close to 20 years, as Mike began doing summer sales programs for Orkin prior to co-founding Fox. Fox Pest Control was formally established in 2012, initially marketing through the door-to-door sales effort in historically underserved pest control markets. Through consistent growth and expansion, Fox now provides general pest control services for homeowners from 32 locations in 13 States. Fox evolved in their growth strategies to include other streams, as now about a third of their customers are acquired through digital channels. Not only does Fox rank as the 13th largest pest management company, according to the PCT 100 rankings, Fox also received recognition in 2021 by Inc. Magazine as one of the fastest-growing private companies in America. In many of the markets they serve, Fox is a market leader with a great service reputation. I cannot stress enough what a great addition this is to our family of brands, and I'll now hand the call over to Jerry to recap Rollin's first quarter results, and talk about the transaction in greater detail.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining our call today. Our partnership with Fox was an 18-month process. As we worked on executing this transaction and learned more about the Fox business, we became increasingly impressed with their culture, their consistent and strong growth rates, and their unique operating model. In early April, I had the opportunity to visit with many of the fantastic team members at Fox, and was able to witness firsthand the deep pride they have in the Fox brand. Additionally, as Ken will cover in more detail later, we believe the financial benefits are very compelling. We expect the transaction to be accretive to earnings and cash flow in the first full year of ownership, and will provide meaningful long-term financial benefits as well. We also believe the complementary nature of their brand creates opportunities for enhancing Rollins's strategic platform for growth in the residential space. While still operating under the Fox Pest Control brand and being led by co-founders Mike Romney, and Bryant White, we see incredible potential for the teams at Fox and HomeTeam to learn and share with one another. There are multiple benefits to tying Fox closely with HomeTeam, who have also been utilizing door-to-door campaigns to activate Taexx customers in their predominantly residential business for over 20 years. Furthermore, this alliance will provide HomeTeam with an ability to scale markets faster while we provide the team at Fox with new service offerings and cross-sell opportunities along the way. We're also particularly excited about the strong alignment of their culture and the value the partnership creates for customers, team members, and to our shareholders. Fox has a passionate sense of community and a values-driven approach that consistently delivers quality service, coupled with the resilient track record of strong customer growth and solid employee retention. As we've demonstrated in the past, acquisitions are a key part of Rollins's growth strategy. Over the years, we've built a very successful playbook for their smooth transitions into our company, and we are extremely excited about our path ahead with Fox. In summary, we are confident that Fox's business perfectly aligns to our strategy for sustainable profitable growth, and I'm incredibly proud to add them to our impressive family of pest control brands.  Transitioning to our recent financial performance, I'm pleased to report that Rollins delivered solid first quarter results and realized strong year-over-year growth in many key performance areas. Ken will address the financials in more detail in a moment, but I'd like to highlight three key areas of progress in the quarter. First, we delivered 11% revenue growth. What was especially encouraging was our organic growth. Organic growth was more than 9% for the quarter, with strong growth across all major service lines. Secondly, margins were very healthy to start the year. We delivered approximately 32% incremental margins and grew GAAP earnings per share 20%. The focus on pricing, selling new business, and productivity is paying off. On our year-end call, we discussed our intention to initiate an earlier price increase this year, and that certainly helped us, particularly in March. We'll continue to focus on this area to ensure that we are effectively pricing the value of our essential services. And last, but not least, we reported strong growth and cash flow for the quarter. We remain well positioned to continue to invest in acquisitions, and maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. As we move into spring and summer months, we expect a good business environment and strong demand for our services when you consider recent weather patterns resulting in wet outdoor conditions. April is off to a favorable start, and our teams in the field are well staffed and trained as we head into our traditional peak season. We're also continuing to add to our sales force and emphasizing bundling of multiple services like pest and mosquito through our call center operations. I want to emphasize how pleased we are with Rollins’s strong first quarter performance. And looking ahead, we remain well positioned for 2023 and confident in our ability to continue to drive strong operating results.  I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Krause: Thank you, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. The team delivered a strong start to the year. Let me begin with a few financial highlights for the first quarter of 2023. First, we delivered over 11% revenue growth in the first quarter, with robust growth across all our service offerings. Acquisitions drove approximately 2% of the total revenue growth in the quarter. We expect to see meaningful improvement in growth from acquisitions for the remainder of the year, stemming from the acquisition of Fox we announced earlier this month. Second, our continued emphasis on margin improvements drove 130 basis-point improvement in EBITDA margins in the quarter. I will speak about incremental margins shortly, but as Jerry indicated, they were a bright spot. GAAP earnings per share increased 20% to $0.18 per share. And last, but not least, we delivered a 15% improvement in operating cash flow, and a 17% improvement in free cash flow. Let's look at the quarterly results in more detail. Starting off with revenue, it was $658 million, up just over 11% on a reported basis. Currencies reduced quarterly revenue growth by 60 basis points on the stronger dollar, notably versus the Canadian dollar, the British pound, and the Australian dollar.  Turning to profitability, we realized 30 basis points improvement in gross profit margin. Gross profit margins were 50.3% of revenue in the quarter. We saw good performance on gross profit, as pricing more than offset inflationary pressures. We were more consistent in raising prices across all of our brands this year. We discussed our intent to do this on our year-end call, and it was good to see the impact of the steps we took on revenue and profitability. Looking at four major buckets of costs, people, fleet, materials and supplies, and insurance and claims. These comprise approximately 90% of cost of services in the quarter. We saw improvements in margins associated with people costs, as well as fleet costs. Material and supplies were neutral to margins, while insurance and claims were a headwind to margins. We delivered improvements in SG&A expense as well. SG&A improved 40 basis points when stated as a percentage of revenue during the most recent quarter. Let's dive into the major categories of SG&A a bit more. People costs, advertising and selling costs, and insurance and claims, make up a majority of our spend in SG&A. Margins benefited in the people cost area. Advertising and selling-related costs were relatively neutral to margins, while insurance and claims was a headwind to margins. As the case in the prior year, we expect to see SG&A tick up slightly in Q2 as we invest more heavily in customer acquisition-related costs across the business during the start of our more busy season in the second quarter. We do not have any non-GAAP adjustments to operating income or EBITDA this year. GAAP operating income was $112 million or 17.1% of revenue, increasing 130 basis points from the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA margin was 21.2%, up a strong 130 basis points over the prior year EBITDA margin. As I have consistently indicated, I like to look at the business using incremental margins or meaning, what percent of every additional dollar of revenue growth is converted to EBITDA. On an as-reported basis, we generated incremental margins of approximately 32% in the most recent period. Quarterly GAAP net income was $88 million or $0.18 in an earnings per share, increasing from $0.15 per share in the same period a year ago.  Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, quarterly free cash flow was very strong in the quarter. We generated $93 million of free cash flow on $88 million of earnings. Free cash flow increased by over 17% in the most recent period. Cash flow conversion, the percent of income that was turned into cash, was also a bright spot, coming in and above 100% for the quarter. We made acquisitions totaling $15 million, and we paid $64 million in dividends. Debt remains negligible, and debt to EBITDA is well below 1x on a gross level. We closed and announced the Fox acquisition earlier in April. We are excited about the strategic growth opportunities this acquisition will provide us. A few financial details. We expect this acquisition to add between $90 million and $100 million of revenue in 2023. The acquisition should add $18 million to $22 million of EBITDA for the remainder of the year. We used a combination of existing cash balances and borrowings to pay for this strategic acquisition. We continue to be very active in pursuing additional acquisition opportunities. We expect the Fox acquisition to be accretive to earnings in the first full year, with more meaningful contributions to EPS during the latter part of this year and into the first quarter of next year. We are in the process of finalizing our purchase accounting, and we'll provide an update on this on our Q2 call in July after we complete that process. During the quarter, we refinanced our credit facilities that were set to expire in April of 2024. We closed on our new facility before the banking crisis in March, and we were able to successfully secure a more modernized facility, that, in addition to other benefits, provides us with the opportunity to incorporate sustainability metrics into the revolver in the future. Additionally, we conducted an RFP for our external audit service provider, and engaged Deloitte as our new auditor in place of Grant Thornton, who had been our auditor for the previous 19 years. We are making good progress on a number of general financial housekeeping issues that will help position us best as we continue to grow our business. We remain very well positioned to continue to fund our dividend and grow through acquisitions. In summary, our quarter performance continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model and the engagement level of our team. We remain focused on providing our customers with the best customer experience and driving growth through acquisition. Organic demand remains robust, and we are very well positioned to continue to use our strong balance sheet to grow our business. The acquisition pipeline is healthy, and our strong cash flow and balance sheet positions us well to invest in our business. We continue to focus on execution and driving long-term profitable growth for our shareholders.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry. 
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ken. We are happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Tim Mulrooney from William Blair. Please proceed with your question. Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Jerry, John, Ken, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I was going to ask about the strategic rationale on Fox, but you guys did a great job about that in the prepared remarks. So, I think I'm going to skip that and just jump to the strong organic growth. The commercial pest business, that organic growth was basically double what we were expecting in the first quarter, and that's a significant margin of error, particularly for a predictable business like yours. So, is there anything you can highlight here? Large customer wins, new programs you've established, a pick-up in cross-selling, anything you can highlight as what contributed to that unexpected strength in that commercial piece?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Tim, this is Jerry. To me, it's pretty simple. It's about the investments we've made in hiring and staffing on the commercial side, the commercial front with our commercial account managers. We have a considerably larger staff than we did even a year ago and far more than we did two years ago. So, their efforts feed on the Street every single day. Bringing new business in at the volume they're bringing in, that's what's making the difference. It's not about individual wins or big customers or anything like that, it's the collective efforts of everything that they've done.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Sounds broad-based. Thank you. And then just switching gears from organic growth to capital allocation, I mean, now that you've already spent more than $300 million already in 2023, should we expect a slowdown in M&A spend for the remainder of the year? Or are we still going to see you acquire 30 to 40 bolt-ons that you normally do in a given year? And can you also discuss your plans for that leverage ratio? I mean, do you intend to drive it back to zero over the next several years like you typically do, or might we - are we potentially looking at a different capital structure at Rollins on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, so, Tim, this is Jerry. I'll handle the first part of that. We'll continue to look for tuck-in acquisitions, bolt-on acquisitions. We'll continue that path, and of course, continue to evaluate even larger acquisitions if they're there for us to get and the timing is right. But at the same time, we're also fairly cautious. We like to ensure that what we've - the most recent deal is handled well and our time and attention and focus is put on that to make sure that goes smoothly, that transition goes smoothly. We don't want to jump in anything with too much of a distraction for our team or for them in the short run. So, we're probably a little bit cautious there on really large deals in the very short term, but we'll continue to do the bolt-ons. And I'll let Ken address the question about capital. 
Ken Krause: Sure. Just adding on to what Jerry had mentioned, the integration efforts are certainly really important to us. And so, we want to make sure that we integrate these businesses as much as we can, while not disrupting the customer-facing aspect of these businesses, which are so strong. From a debt to EBITDA perspective, Tim, I believe you were asking, when we look at our capital structure, we have an incredibly strong balance sheet. It does not mean that we're going to lever up two or three times to go after transformational acquisitions. We, quite frankly, don't need to. The business is so strong, but what we will do is use our balance sheet in a strategic manner to grow this business. And so, that's the focus. I can't commit to a debt to EBITDA leverage ratio, but what I can tell you is, we will remain very much investment grade. We will very much remain to the playbook that we've executed for a very long time, which has certainly paid off for our investors.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Stephanie Moore from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question, Stephanie.
Harold Antor: Good morning. This is Harold Antor on for Stephanie Moore. Last quarter, I know you reduced marketing spend for the quarter year-over-year. How did marketing spend track this quarter and how is it tracking for 2Q ‘23? Thank you.
Ken Krause: Thank you, Harold. I appreciate the question. This is Ken. I had mentioned in my prepared comments that advertising and marketing-related costs were relatively neutral to margins. So, that means that we were spending at just about the rate of growth of revenue in the first quarter. With that said, as we enter the second quarter, we are continuing to ramp up our investment in customer acquisition-related cost. And so, as we go into the second quarter, it's important for us to procure those new customers, which have an incredibly valuable long-term relationship with our business. As you know, approximately 80% of our business is recurring. And so, it's important for us to go after and get those new customers into the fold. And so, we'll continue to tick that up in the second quarter, as we have in past years. And so, I think that's an important point to remember as you think about modeling out, say, the second and third quarter of the year.
Harold Antor: Thank you. That'll be all.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Paige from RBC. Please proceed with your question, David.
David Paige: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my call. I'm actually on for Ashish Sabadra at RBC. You mentioned Fox Pest Control, about one-third of the customers are acquired through digital channels. Do you have an outlook for the customer acquisition through digital channels post fully integrated Fox and maybe at HomeTeam, and then overall Rollins? Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I don't know that we've gotten that deep into the analysis. We want Fox to - we want to make for a smooth transition, have Fox settled into what they're doing. Certainly, they have - the team at Fox has had a - themselves gone through this transition over time, ramping up on the digital side. And we’ll help them and continue to support their efforts to do that, give them some of our expertise and knowledge along the way to help them mature in that area and convert leads to sales and starts and those types of things that we feel like we can help them with over time. But at this point, I wouldn't give you any insight in terms of long-term what that may look like a year from now or two years from now. It’s still premature
Ken Krause: What I would add to that, Jerry, is that Fox does a really exceptional job in their marketing efforts, and there might be an opportunity to leverage Fox and the Rollins family of brands. And so, I think that's really important to think about as you go forward. They do a really good job, and we certainly want to leverage all the work that they do across their business to benefit us through this combination.
David Paige: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Seth Weber from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question, Seth.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually John filling in for Seth. Congratulations on the strong quarter. Just maybe quickly on the insurance and claims, could you give us some more color on really kind of how the headwind progressed in the quarter, as well as how we should think about the cost going forward this year? Thanks.
Ken Krause: Certainly, can do that for you, and appreciate the comments. Insurance and claims has been a bit of a headwind here for a period of time, I believe going back to last year. In the third quarter, we talked about that. This year, when we look at the experience in insurance and claims, there's two aspects to that experience. One are just higher insurance premiums. As you know, we had poor experience last year. And so, unfortunately, we saw that come through with higher insurance premiums in the first quarter. That'll carry through for the remainder of the year. The second part of it is, we continue to see just some unfavorable experience in that area. We're ramping up our focus on behavioral-based safety across the company, and ensuring that we're making the right investments in the areas that'll help improve our performance in that area. But it's an area of focus for the company, and we continue to focus on driving some improvements. Unfortunately, we do feel the negative impact of a tighter insurance market, however.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's great color. Thank you. And maybe quickly, just as we think about the cadence of residential, especially with advertising and customer acquisition spend ramping in the second quarter for the kind of peak season, can you just give us a sense at a high level how you're thinking about the kind of pacing of residential? And would it be fair to assume we could kind of see an acceleration from these levels, or are you thinking more of a kind of steady-state, high single-digit on an organic basis? Thanks.
Ken Krause: It's hard to provide an estimate on that as we think about the next quarter or two. However, we feel like the investments we're making in our people, in our technicians and our sales folks, the focus we're making on cross-selling and driving cross-sell and a wider share of wallet with each and every individual customer, is paying off. And we feel very optimistic and bullish about our opportunity to continue to grow our position with our really important residential customers into the future.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, this is Jerry. I would add, we're in a really good position to take advantage of strong demand in the marketplace as it's there. So, we feel strong about our position to be able to capitalize on the potential for growth in the market, so.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The next question comes from Grant Slade from Morningstar. Please proceed with your question, Grant.
Grant Slade: Hi, Jerry. Hi, Ken. Thank you both very much for the additional detail on the Fox acquisition. It's very helpful. Just a point of clarification, however, if I may. I was just curious, the $18 million to $22 million in EBITDA contribution for this year, does that include the full extent of cost synergies that you're expecting to realize from the deal? Or are there perhaps further synergies we should be expecting in 2024 or later? And I guess if so, the quantum of those and the timing would be helpful, if you're able to share that detail with us.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes, thank you for the question. We feel like that's - when we think about synergies and we think about integration as we started the call, we certainly are taking a pragmatic approach with respect to synergies and synergy capture. We do think that this business will be accretive to our margins in the next two to three years. But the first year is all about getting in and trying to understand what makes the business so valuable. We don't want to move too quickly, but we also don't want to move too slowly. But we do feel like that $18 million to $22 million is our best expectation or estimate of what we can deliver on the acquisition this year.
Grant Slade: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Aadit Shrestha from Stifel. Please proceed with your question, Aadit.
Aadit Shrestha: Hi, good morning. This is Aadit from Stifel. Thank you for taking my questions, and congratulations on the strong quarter. So, my first question is just really the Fox Pest acquisition. How should the annual $90 million to $ 100 million in sales, how should that be allocated across the lines of businesses? And what are the drivers that would get you to $100 million versus that low end of $90 million? What are you actually building in?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Why don't you handle this, Ken? 
Ken Krause: Sure. Yes. And so, when we look at that business, the breakdown is highly focused on residential. A large percentage of that business is resi sector. And so, that'll come through our residential segment of our business. We feel like that $90 million to $100 million would probably come into our business very similarly to how our business is reported. So, Q2, you'll see a ramping from Q1, and then Q3 you'll see a further ramping. That's just the seasonality of our business. We feel like there's opportunities to drive some outsized growth there, but I also feel like this $90 million to $100 million is a very realistic estimate, and is reflective of the growth trajectory, strong growth trajectory that the business is already on. And so, we feel like it's very realistic in achieving that $90 million to $100 million this year as we think about the remainder of the year.
John Wilson: Ken, if I may add, this is John Wilson, but if I may add, retention is critical. And so, that's why with these acquisitions, we don't go into looking to rock their world and go so carefully on the integration and/or assimilation. But Fox continuing their current path on the way they retain their customers and retain their employees, which is important to keep in those customers, will determine whether we get to the $100 million versus the $90 million.
Aadit Shrestha: All right. Thank you for that. And I have a follow-up regarding incremental margins, pretty healthy, 32%. How should we think about it for the remain of the year? Can you maybe exceed that 32% with sort of the pricing actions and the cost-cutting initiatives that you've put in? Plus like, what's the impact of Fox Pest on that?
Ken Krause: Certainly. Thanks for the question. If you look at the last nine months, the last three quarters, if you will, going back to the second half of last year, we've consistently delivered an incremental margin that's approaching 30%. So, we feel like we're positioned very well to deliver that 30% sort of incremental margin as we move forward. There's always challenges. There’s always puts, and there's takes, and there might be one quarter where you might be below that, but you might have one quarter where you exceed that. As I said in my prepared comments, the second quarter, you're going to see a little bit more investment in customer acquisition costs. We see an opportunity to go after and get customers that are going to create long-term value for our business. And so, you'll probably see a little bit more investment, a little heavier investment come through in that area as we think about the second quarter, but we feel very good about long-term value creation from those customers that will help us deliver that incremental margin profile of 30 plus percent.
Operator: Thank you very much. There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. We look forward to giving you an update at the end of the second quarter on our next call. We'll see you then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Rollins Inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Joe Calabrese. Thank you. You may begin.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy, and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we'll send you a release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 201-612-7415 with the passcode 13735127. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.rollins.com and a replay will be available for 180 days. The company is also offering investors, a supporting slide presentation which can be found on Rollins' website at www.rollins.com. We will be following that slide presentation on our call this morning, and encourage you to view that with us. On the line with me today and speaking Jerry Gahlhoff Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman; Kenneth Krause, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Julie Bimmerman, Group Vice President Finance and Investor Relations. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. John, would you like to begin? 
John Wilson: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contain certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to yesterday's press release, and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
John Wilson: Thank you, Julie. I'm pleased to report that, Rollins closed out last year with continued strong revenue growth and solid financial performance. In the fourth quarter, we report revenue improved 10.2% to $661 million, and net income improvement of 26.1% to $84 million. For all of 2022, we achieved revenue growth of more than 11%, with net income improving as well. Jerry and Ken will provide greater detail, but all credit goes to our tremendous team, who continue to overcome many obstacles. As we begin 2023, the company remains well positioned to deliver on our long-term business objectives. Now, let me turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that, we're extremely pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results, and I'm also equally proud of the hard-working men and women of our company that continue to drive our growth through great customer service. I'd like to provide my comments on our 2022 fourth quarter performance. Ken will then address the financials in more detail in a moment. Reflecting solid execution of our operating strategies, Rollins delivered another strong performance in the fourth quarter, highlighted by total revenue growth of over 10% in the fourth quarter, and over 11% for the full year. Operationally, we have strong momentum in our markets. The company remains well positioned to achieve our long-term objectives, and we're seeing solid levels of growth in the business. As many of you are aware, Rollins has a long-standing company-wide focus on personal safety. Complementing our existing guidelines and protocols we continue to implement new initiatives designed to empower our employees and enable an accountable, safety-driven culture. First training remains crucial for keeping our customers out of harm's way. Second, we're updating incentive metrics and our compensation programs to emphasize safety down to the branch level. A branch manager's bonus plan will now have stronger ties to safety metrics for their operation. We're also working on a new employee-level program to incentivize the highest levels of safe-driving behaviors. We began to pilot this program later this year – or we plan to pilot this program later this year for our 10000-plus drivers at Rollins. We believe these initiatives will help ensure our workforce returns home to their family, safely each and every day. Looking closer at the financial results and the growth we delivered. Organic growth came in at 6.9% compared with 7.8% for the full year. While still strong, we realized slower growth in the residential sector. While market data indicates this to be consistent across the industry, we started 2023 with strong residential revenue performance in January. While a month is not a long-term trend it was good to see solid demand to start the year. We also continue to succeed in our other service lines particularly within our termite and ancillary, which grew 15.4% year-over-year. Rollins remains very well-positioned to drive ancillary growth within this business. We've taken on the responsibility to educate homeowners on termite prevention and treatment along with other ancillary offerings. And from the customer perspective these service offerings are from a trusted partner. We remain focused on driving revenue growth from cross-selling activities across our large and growing customer base. Our team continues to do a tremendous job here. Our commercial line has also presented a strong year for us with 10.3% growth over the prior year. The sales teams continue to perform very well on both locally sold and national account sales efforts across all our commercial brands. We're seeing strong results in this area with solid performance with customers in the retail, restaurant and office building segments. Across all the service lines I just discussed, a key driver of growth is pricing. During 2022 in light of the ongoing inflationary challenges, we brought forward our annual price increase program to earlier in the year. In 2023, we are bringing this forward even earlier. Most of these price increases will be initiated beginning in early March and some were already implemented in January. Furthermore, our non-Orkin brands are ramping up their focus on pricing the value of our services. Additionally, all our brands are increasing their rate cards. We expect the inflationary environment to persist into 2023 and are focused on managing the price/cost equation. Acquisitions remain a major focus as we start 2023. During 2022 we successfully completed 31 acquisitions representing a total of $119 million invested. This compares with 39 acquisitions and $146 million invested in 2021. While we successfully completed four acquisitions during the fourth quarter we proactively remain on the sidelines during the last few months of 2022 and turned our attention to 2023 deals in our pipeline. We're very optimistic about what's in store for the New Year as leveraging strategic acquisitions remains a focus of our growth strategy. Next, we remain committed to investing in our business to drive efficiency. As part of this we continue to leverage technology by adding a number of new applications to our portfolio of brands. For example, building off our successes with routing and scheduling technology at Orkin and Western Pest Services, we're rolling out routing and scheduling technology initiatives at Clark and HomeTeam. Each of these brands are making meaningful progress at improving efficiency. Clark expects to be at full utilization by the end of this quarter and is very excited about the results to-date. Robert Baker Clark's President went so far as to comment that this initiative is proving to be the best thing for Clark in many years. HomeTeam should complete their implementation and be at full utilization by the end of the second quarter. Both brands have seen an improvement in their on-time delivery metrics since implementation started. In addition to enabling us to reach our customers in a more efficient and productive manner, we found these initiatives can meaningfully reduce both our overall mileage between service visits and drive time for the technician. Not only does this lower our fuel requirements it also has a direct impact on our labor costs. With that, I look forward to answering your questions in a few moments. However, before I turn the call over to Ken I want to emphasize that our team at Rollins had a successful year in 2022 and we are confident in our ability to continue driving growth and improving profitability in our business. I'll now turn the call over to Ken. 
Kenneth Krause: Thank you, Jerry and good morning, everyone. We had a strong quarter and finish to the year. Let me start with a few highlights. First, revenue growth was healthy with total revenue growing approximately 10% in the quarter and 11% for the full year. Acquisitions drove 3% of revenue growth in the quarter and for the year. We continue to see tremendous opportunities that will enable us to continue to drive growth through acquisition in the quarters and years to come. Second, quarterly adjusted EBITDA margins were a healthy 22.1%, up approximately 180 basis points versus the same period a year ago. We saw strong results throughout the income statement. GAAP earnings per share were $0.17, up from $0.14 in the same period a year ago. It was good to see the strong growth in earnings on the healthy revenue growth. And last but not least, quarterly free cash flow was very healthy with operating cash flow growing over 20% versus the same period a year ago. We finished off another strong year with free cash flow growing over 16%. Let's look at the quarterly results in more detail. Quarterly revenue was $661 million, up just over 10% on a reported basis. Currencies reduced quarterly revenue growth by 70 basis points on the stronger dollar notably versus the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and the British pound. Quarterly revenues were strong and it was good to see healthy growth across all of our service lines. Turning to profitability. Gross profit was 50.5% of revenue in the quarter, up 10 basis points from the same quarter a year ago. We saw a good performance on gross profit as pricing more than offset inflationary pressures. Pricing remains at the top of our agenda and we are evaluating opportunities to implement further price increases in the first quarter of 2023. For the year, we saw elevated costs associated with casualty reserves up $12 million for the year with $10 million of that in the third quarter alone. We discussed these charges with you back in October and continue to focus on implementing a number of key programs that Jerry mentioned previously, that are aimed at improving in this area. Additionally, people costs, most notably medical costs, were up about $7 million for the year. We saw higher costs in this area throughout the year. This wasn't necessarily as impactful in the quarter but was something that gradually got worse throughout the year. SG&A expense in the quarter was $191 million or just under 29% of revenues, up $3 million from the prior year, but improving 230 basis points when stated as a percentage of revenue. It was good to see the improvements in SG&A as a percentage of revenue to finish the year. While lower advertising expense due to timing drove 120 basis points of the leverage, it was good to see cost control carried across a number of categories. Management of SG&A represents a key focus area of ours as we start 2023. At just under 30% of revenue, we feel there are opportunities to drive improvement. Stay tuned on this front but know we are focused on taking action that will help improve performance in this area in years to come. Looking closer at profitability. We did not have any non-GAAP adjustments to operating income or EBITDA this year. GAAP operating income was $120 million or 18.1% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 22.1%, up a strong 180 basis points over the prior year adjusted EBITDA margin. As I indicated previously, we did not have any adjustments this year to EBITDA margin. If you recall, we adjusted the prior year quarterly EBITDA margin by the impact of the non-recurring SEC matter. As we discussed on the last call, I like to look at the business using incremental margins or meaning what percent of every additional dollar of revenue growth is converted to EBITDA. In the quarter, on an as-reported basis, we generated incremental adjusted EBITDA margins that we're approaching 40%. When you take out the lower advertising spend I mentioned previously, incremental adjusted EBITDA margins were approximately 30% for the quarter. And even with incurring the higher casualty charges in the second half, incremental adjusted EBITDA margins for the second half were approaching 30%. This is certainly good to see. Quarterly non-GAAP net income was $84 million or $0.17 in adjusted earnings per share, increasing from $0.15 per share in the same period a year ago. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Quarterly free cash flow was very strong to finish the year. We generated $116 million of free cash flow on $84 million of earnings in the quarter. Free cash flow increased by over 20% in the quarter and was up a very healthy 16% for the entire year. Cash flow conversion, the percent of income that was turned into cash was well above 100% for the quarter and the full year. We made acquisitions totaling $9 million and we paid $64 million in dividends during the quarter. Debt remains negligible and debt-to-EBITDA is well below 1x on a gross level. We were in a net cash position to finish the year. Year-to-date we have made acquisitions totaling just over $119 million and paid dividends of approximately $212 million. Debt balances are down $100 million since the beginning of the year and cash is down $10 million finishing at $95 million at the end of 2022. We are actively evaluating options to refinance our credit facilities that are set to expire in April of 2024. We expect to make progress on this in the first quarter. Also during the quarter, we corrected immaterial misstatements in the financial statements. Our press release and our 10-K that we expect to file later today will include more information on these changes. But in summary these are non-cash-related items that reduced what we originally reported for earnings by an immaterial amount. By making this change historical earnings increased by $0.01 per share per year. Let me repeat we understated historical reported earnings by $0.01 per share per year. The immaterial changes are related to purchase accounting for acquisitions. The short of it is that the company allocated too much of the acquired asset value to amortizable intangible assets in the past and this adjustment corrects for this. In closing, our fourth quarter performance continues to demonstrate the strength of our business model. We remain focused on providing our customers with the best customer experience and driving growth through acquisition. Organic demand remains robust and we are very well positioned to continue to use our balance sheet to grow our business. The acquisition pipeline is very healthy and our strong cash flow and balance sheet positions us very well to invest in our business. We continue to focus on execution and driving long-term profitable growth for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry for closing remarks. Jerry?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Jerry, Ken, John, Julie good morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning.
Kenneth Krause: Good morning.
Julie Bimmerman: Good morning.
John Wilson: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: Just a couple of quick ones for me. So your SG&A as a percentage of sales, it was below 29% in the fourth quarter and it's been coming down every year by a couple of call it 10, 20, 30 sometimes 40 basis points every year. But the fourth quarter below 29% that was below what most folks were anticipating and what we'd typically see from you guys. Are there deliberate cost savings programs happening here, or is it primarily just the leverage that you would expect to get on higher volumes and the savings from advertising expense? What I'm trying to get at is, there was a surprise here at the level of cost savings that you had and you had a nice EBITDA beat primarily because of it. Is it fair to expect to see continued leverage on your fixed costs like this as we move through 2023, or would you expect maybe them to come up a little bit as you layer investments back in the business? Thank you.
Kenneth Krause: Thanks for the question, Tim. This is Ken. I'll take this question. But I would agree with you. We had really good performance in the fourth quarter with respect to our cost control programs and SG&A. As I'd indicated in my prepared commentary, we had an advertising benefit of about $7 million. So that's about 120 basis points of the improvement. However, we certainly continue to look at a number of opportunities to continue to improve our cost structure going forward. We certainly did leverage it with the higher growth rates that we were able to deliver in the quarter, but we also are very actively evaluating and continue to contemplate cost changes and cost reduction measures across our business.
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes, Tim, this is Jerry. Since Ken's been here it's one of the hot topics on his radar screen is our SG&A and how can we get better and how can we improve and Ken has challenged us and brought that equation to the table. And as you know we're always looking to get better. And so we're -- and Ken's finding some ways to help us do that. 
Tim Mulrooney: Ken's cracking the whip?
Jerry Gahlhoff : Yes.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thanks Jerry, and thanks Ken. One more just a question on pricing. I mean it sounds like you're pulling forward the pricing increases even earlier this year which was surprising. But how should we think about that level of pricing increase? I know it was higher than historical levels last year, which makes sense. But with the consumer outlook may be a little bit murkier as we turn the corner into 2023 I'm curious how you're thinking about the level of pricing this year. Do you expect it to be more in line with the historical average, or still above that historical average level? Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff : So, Tim this is Jerry. So on the -- really on the Orkin side, we are looking to very similar levels to what we did in prior year, where we've actually gotten more aggressive in our other brands than we were at prior year. So if anything on the whole the net result of that is what we expect is better performance out of pricing going forward in 2023.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is on the residential side. You talked about some pretty good improvement in January. I was just wondering if you can talk about what's really driving it. Is it driven by better execution? Can you talk about how you're better using technology and other tools to improve the residential growth in 2023? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff : We -- you got to keep in mind that as we wound down 2022 November, December, we reduced marketing -- some of our marketing spend or advertising spend in the back half of the year and so that softened the end of the fourth quarter of last year. And we began turning our advertising and marketing efforts back on in January. Across the board, I think, we had pretty good weather. We had a pretty good business environment. We had a lot less of the impact of COVID than we did the prior year in January. It was just an overall better environment not necessarily something about technology or anything along those lines. It was just an overall better environment that helped with demand. I don't know John you have anything to add to that? 
John Wilson: Only maybe staffing. We were better staffed and a better staff position. Part of that's related to COVID. 
Jerry Gahlhoff : Post-COVID, yes.
John Wilson: We were really racked with people out sick with COVID in January a year ago. And so this year we were better positioned to handle the opportunity that we had. 
Ashish Sabadra: That's great. And then maybe just a broader question on organic growth. If we look at over the last three years organic growth has improved materially compared to the pre-pandemic level. And so as we look into 2023, but also with the mid-term not looking from a guidance perspective but just as we think about the organic growth trajectory, should we think about it more being in line with the recent history particularly the organic growth being more in line with the recent history? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff : As you know, Ashish, we don't provide guidance. However, we do -- when we do look at our business I think we all know that this is a very attractive market with attractive growth opportunities. And if you look at the business over the long-term and eliminating some of the fluctuations and volatility that you saw during COVID and recovery from COVID, this market has the opportunity to continue to grow at that mid to high single digits. So we feel confident in our ability to continue to grow our business over the long term at that mid to high single-digit sort of growth rate all the while continuing to be very active on the acquisition front.
Kenneth Krause: We have no intention to take the foot off the gas and slow it down. So our goal is always to try to get better and maintain or beat those rates year-over-year. So that's our aim. We're going to keep going.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great. And congrats on a solid quarter. Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Hans Hoffman: Hi. This is Hans on for Stephanie. Congrats on the strong quarter. Just wanted to dig in a bit more on the resi business in Q4. Obviously, realize a bit slower growth there and in your prepared remarks you kind of referenced it's kind of been consistent across the industry. I just wondered if you could talk about some of those trends in the industry more broadly? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: The main data point that we look at is we can get information from for example, search engines like Google, where they can report – they report to us the volume of category searches. So for example, the number of people searching for the category or words like pest control. And those were down – I think Julie, I think – I remember the number was in the 15% range is what we heard across the industry. The category search was down around the 15% mark. So that seems – it appears to be across the board. And those are data that we get from companies like Google.
Hans Hoffman: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then just maybe I want to dig in a bit more on sort of cost inflation. Could you talk a bit about what you're seeing – where you're seeing cost inflation a bit more sticky in your business and then maybe where it's moderating a bit? And then just kind of your ability to price in excess of cost inflation given some of the pull forward in pricing for 2023? 
Kenneth Krause: Yes certainly. When we look at the business, there's two or three broad buckets of costs. There's people, there's materials and then there's fleet. And when we look at the business, we started to see gradual improvement in fleet as we move throughout the year. The pressures that we felt earlier in the year when oil was much higher than where it is currently, started to abate as we went throughout the year. The one point that was good to see for us as we finished the year was actually improvements in materials and supplies. And so the second category of costs that I spoke about materials and supplies was certainly – it was helpful to see some improvement as a percentage of sales to close the year out in that area. And last but certainly not least, our people costs, we continue to manage that very closely. It's a challenging market. Our focus is on hiring the best and the brightest, retaining and providing the tools that will continue to drive that high level of engagement across our workforce that in turn results in that high level of customer service that we're known for. And so we're continuing to manage the inflationary pressures. And that's part of the reason why Jerry spoke about our intent and desire to pull forward the pricing. We're trying to stay ahead of the inflationary cycle that we're all feeling and trying to pass along that price and price our – the value of the services that we're providing to our customers.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And Ken, while the fleet is – we're seeing some improvement largely driven by fuel. Where we haven't seen any relief is in repairs and maintenance. The cost of replacing just a single tire remains sky high. Basic service on a vehicle is – continues to climb. And we've just got no relief there. That's one element within fleet. But as Ken said, on the M&S side, we've got those margins back in line. Our teams have fought to help us do that in the procurement side. Those have seemed to have come back to normalized levels. So that's good news for us.
Hans Hoffman: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Davies with Redburn. Please proceed with your question.
Oliver Davies: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just firstly, just what are you seeing in terms of the international markets that you operate in? And is growth kind of higher or lower out in those markets than it is in the US? 
Kenneth Krause: Those markets continue to be very attractive for us. We continue to grow our business. And in fact last year we made significant acquisitions in the UK market. We build out our platform of businesses and services that we're providing in the UK because we view that as a very attractive market. We'll continue to deploy capital internationally, but I have to remind you also that the US is our largest market it's our fastest growing market and it's highly fragmented. So it provides us tremendous amount of growth opportunities as we go forward. So we're pretty bullish, we're pretty optimistic and we feel like we've got a great growth plan that spans the globe.
Oliver Davies: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess on the termite side, I'm assuming a decent amount of that grows from ancillary sales. So what are you seeing on just the termite business?
Kenneth Krause: We don't break out the termite business from the ancillary, so it's hard to report that. But what I would say is we continue to see demand for the termite business. A lot of people look at the non-residential -- or the residential housing market and get concerned about a slowdown in new housing starts and such. And while we are managing through the challenges associated with higher interest rates, we're seeing good growth come through that business.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And we have great performance driving the sales of our termite baiting programs to customers as well. We very good take rates on that. It's got very high customer retention and we try to make sure we bundle that with all our service offerings.
Oliver Davies: Thanks so much.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Butler with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Butler: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah, we can.
Brian Butler: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. First one just on the organic growth. Can you provide maybe some color on how much maybe was cross-selling versus price and how that opportunity for cross-selling looks going into 2023?
Kenneth Krause: It's hard to parse it down into that level of detail. But what I can tell you is when we look at the overall growth rate of roughly 10 or so percent, you back off just over 3% of that for acquisitions so you arrive at about 7% or so of total growth. As Jerry indicated, last year we pulled the price increase forward a bit. So we actually saw a little bit more of pricing not only from pulling it forward, but because we were passing along a higher pricing -- price inflation to our customers. And so if you -- if -- we had talked previously about passing along roughly a 4% price increase, we probably realized something in the 2% to 3%. So you could see that our underlying real growth rate is in that 4% to 5% is what we estimate. And it's just an estimation, but that's what we're estimating that our underlying growth rate is without price.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And in terms of the opportunity to continue to drive cross-sell through the business at this point the upside looks endless. We have plenty of customers, but we still haven't touched to add our mosquito programs too as well as any of our -- any host of our ancillary service offerings. So when we look at the percentage of our customers with multiple services with two or more services, three or more services that percentage is still low enough that we have a long runway to continue to sell through.
John Wilson: And Jerry if I may add as it relates to cross-selling, a critical aspect of that is being well-staffed in both your sales management arena and your sales team. And currently we are well-staffed. That's why we believe that cross-selling will continue to increase. Without the staff you can't -- you're having to offer those services proactively. And so without a staff out there to do it, it just doesn't happen.
Jerry Gahlhoff: That's a good point, John. And we do continue to ramp up our sales staffing, even in our 2023 plans are to continue to ramp up our sales team volume to be able to handle, and be out there talking to our existing customers about adding services to their programs.
Brian Butler: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then when you think about that pricing kind of pulling it forward again in 2023, how much – I mean, I think you stated it was fully offsetting inflation? So does that continue to drive those incremental margins of 30% through 2023, or is it even better than that?
Kenneth Krause: We're hopeful that – I mean, we've got a number of levers that we're pulling to continue to maintain our margin profile. Pricing is only one of them. And so we are optimistic about our ability to continue to drive margins. We're not committing to necessarily a specific margin target, but we do see an opportunity to continue to improve our margin profile over the long term.
Brian Butler: Okay. And if I could slip maybe one last one. On the M&A kind of rollover into 2023, any color on what's already embedded in there from deals that you closed in 2022?
Kenneth Krause: The only thing, I would say, there is 2022, as you know is a little bit of a light year for us with respect to acquisitions. If you go back to 2020 and 2021, we spent almost $150 million each of those years on acquisitions. This past year, we spent – just about $120 million. So you could see that the rollover may not be at or above 3% like, it has been the last couple of years, it might be slightly lower than that. But what I – what we've reiterated in our prepared comments is we are incredibly active with respect to acquisitions. And so we continue to go after and court opportunities across the country across the world. And so we continue to be very active on this front. Stay tuned on this front, because it's an area that Jerry and I are spending a lot of our time.
Brian Butler: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to management for final comments.
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, everyone for joining us today, and we appreciate your interest in our company. We will be filing our 10-K with the SEC later today after the close of the market, and we look forward to updating you in April on our first quarter earnings call. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Rollins' Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Joe Calabrese. Thank you. You may begin.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746, and we'll send you release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing (877) 660-6853 with the passcode 13733118. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.rollins.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. The company is also offering investors a supporting slide presentation, which can be found in Rollins' website at www.rollins.com. We'll be following the slide presentation on our call this morning, and encourage you to view that with us. On the line with me today and speaking are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman; Jerry Gahlhoff Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer; Kenneth Krause, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Julie Bimmerman, Group Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Management will make some opening remarks and we'll open your line for questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2022 investor call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contain certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. I'm pleased to report that Rollins' third quarter performance was highlighted by continued growth and solid financials. As we look ahead, the company remains well positioned to continue accomplishment of our long-term business objectives. I'm also proud to welcome Rollins' new Chief Financial Officer, Kenneth Krause. Ken is a highly regarded business executive with more than two decades of financial and accounting experience. Ken is already contributing to our success. We welcome him to our team. Jerry will share more about Ken later. Let me now turn the call over to John Wilson, our Vice Chairman, who will provide some business updates. John?
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone. Rollins delivered another strong performance this quarter, reflecting solid execution of our operating strategies. I want to continue to emphasize that Rollins' success is a direct result of the efforts of the dedicated and caring people that work for our company. This incredible team works hard every day to achieve our objectives and take great care of our customers. At Rollins, our people are our most valuable asset. Pursuant to that, we are always looking to improve our employee training and benefit offerings as well as providing a workplace where they are respected and able to grow professionally. Last quarter, we announced a new partnership with Everside Health to offer on-site health center providing primary care at our Atlanta home office and virtually nationally. This new program offers free or reduced cost primary care for all employees. We're pleased to share that since its opening four months ago, this effort has registered over 500 employee visits and filled over 300 prescriptions. We are very focused on enabling our employees to live healthier lives at home and at work, while enjoying multiple benefits within this effort. With same day and next day appointments, this help center handles everything from routine screenings to chronic disease management. It also offers on-site lab draws, medication prescriptions, immunizations, mental health services, as well as the ability to reach a care team 24/7 for urgent needs. Further, we plan to expand this free primary care offering to the covered dependence of our team members starting January 1st. Feedback to date has been extremely positive with a very high satisfaction rate. Ultimately, we believe that by providing easier access to these kinds of services, we are facilitating better health outcomes and happier, healthier employees. We also recently expanded our employee stock purchase plan. This plan allows employees the option to purchase shares of Rollins' common stock at a 10% discounted price through payroll deductions. Since we launched the plan in July 2022, we are pleased that over 2,200 employees have enrolled. This represents greater than 130% growth in employee stock ownership participants compared to our previous program. Most importantly, we want to encourage employee ownership in Rollins as we want everything - everyone to think and act like owners in our company. In summary, guided by our commitment to employees and our culture, we feel these types of benefit programs an improvement - are important to our long term success, not only by retaining and incentivizing our valued employees at all levels and for them to have a vested interest in our performance but also, to effectively position Rollins brands as a leading contender for top talent. Last, I would like to discuss Hurricane Ian. Thank goodness, all of our employees in the Ian's path are safe, but they have needed an assistance. Through our Rollins Employee Relief Fund, our team provided over 170 emergency grants to impacted employees within the first 10 days following the hurricane to enable team members to address essential needs. Since then, the relief team has been processing multiple full grants to address employees who have endured even greater hardship. Our hearts go out to those affected by the hurricane, but I must acknowledge how excited we were about all our team members who have jumped in to assist those impacted in various ways. They quickly volunteered their time and energy often after work hours to gather, load and deliver supplies to those most in need. This was a total team effort and we are tremendously proud of their care, compassion and commitment to help one another. Overall, while Ian shut down a total of 28 branch offices, 18 were only closed for a day or two, while the remainder opened by the end of the following week. Between these few location closures and the loss of several vehicles within our fleet, the impact to our employees in the days following the storm was far worse than the impact to our business. I'd like to now turn the call over to Jerry who will provide more details on our quarter.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. In early August, we announced that Ken Krause will be joining Rollins as our new Chief Financial Officer effective September 1st. Ken has many years of finance experience, most recently as the CFO of a large publicly-traded global manufacturer. You'll hear from him in a little bit, but for anyone who hasn't had the pleasure of speaking with him yet, he is passionate about business, very experienced and has a unique combination of strategic, operational and financial expertise. We are extremely pleased to have him as a member of our leadership team. I'd now like to walk through our 2022 third quarter performance, focusing on items that directly impacted our operations during the period. Ken will address the financials in more detail in a moment. Looking at our financial results, Rollins' third quarter 2022 was highlighted by revenue growth of 12.2% to $730 million compared to $650 million in last year's third quarter. Net income was $108 million or $0.22 per diluted share. This is compared to $94 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the same period in 2021. Operationally during the quarter, all of Rollins business lines continue to experience solid growth. Residential pest control increased 9.8%, commercial pest control was up 11.4%, and termite increased 18.9%. Overall, organic presented a strong 8.6% total growth for the quarter. Next, I'd like to turn to the expense side. During the last few conference calls, we have discussed various inflationary pressures, primarily fleet-related costs, specifically fuel and vehicle repairs and materials and supplies. We've also provided insights into the proactive actions we've been implementing to mitigate these pressures. In this context, I'm pleased to note that during Q3, we're beginning to see a gradual improvement in fuel prices. We've also been reducing our overall mileage per service visit through routing and scheduling initiatives. Overall, when compared to last quarter, Q3 presented a 5% reduction in fuel expense. On the fleet side, as we discussed previously, we're keeping our trucks longer forcing higher than normal cost for items like basic maintenance and tires, as well as some repairs outside of the norm. Recently, a small amount of new fleet vehicles are beginning to arrive from our primary manufacturers, which certainly will help. However, the quantities are less than what we historically received by this point of the year. Looking ahead, we're told by our manufacturers that the supply environment is improving and that potentially we could expect an uptick in inflow levels for new vehicles in the coming quarters. As we've received similar assurances last year, we're certainly keeping a watchful eye on this and we'll keep you updated on future conference calls. On the labor side, even though the tight labor market, Rollins remain well positioned in effectively attracting, retaining and deploying talent by prioritizing employee well-being, workplace inclusion and professional development opportunities, while also providing attractive employee benefit offerings. We have a track record of being a premier destination for talent. As we headed into peak hiring season this year, we successfully integrated a recruiting software platform to allow our hiring managers to more efficiently recruit and engage with potential new candidates. This talent recruitment platform makes it easier for prospective team members to explore open positions on our career portals and apply for open positions in just a few minutes and they can do so easily from a mobile device. Our hiring managers can more easily pre-screen candidates, communicate with them and schedule interviews in a more streamlined way. As a result of this new improved process, we averaged 35,000 job applicant submittals per month for the third quarter. And over the last five months, we have almost matched the total year 2021 application submittals. In short, by offering candidates an enhanced hiring experience, we've been able to successfully source and add qualified talent across the country despite the tight labor market. Next, I'd like to turn to acquisitions. Year-to-date, we have completed 27 acquisitions. Five of these were completed in the third quarter across Canada, Australia and the U.S. In August, we announced the acquisition of Bug House Pest Control. Bug House Pest Control was Founded by Mike Prosperi in 1993, and has grown to be one of the largest pest control companies in Georgia. Bug House serves residential and commercial customers throughout Central and South Georgia. We are proud to welcome their more than 220 team members to Rollins. We continue to pursue potential opportunities as we look ahead to the remainder of the year and into 2023, our pipeline remains strong. Before I turn the call over to Ken, I want to emphasize how pleased we are with Rollins' strong third quarter performance. We are confident in our ability to continue driving growth and improving profitability in the business. I'll now turn the call over to Ken.
Kenneth Krause: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be here and I look forward to working with Jerry and the team across Rollins as we continue to drive value for all of our stakeholders. During my first 60 or so days, I've had the opportunity to spend time with several of our key stakeholders. I've spoken with investors and attended investor conferences. I've spent time at industry trade shows and visited with our teams in the field. It has been beneficial to interact with our investors, employees, vendors and customers. As I reflect on my experiences thus far, I want to highlight two key observations. First, Rollins has a strong commitment to doing what is right and best for all of our stakeholders. Our commitment to our customers and employees is second to none. The company places a tremendous amount of effort on promoting a culture that is focused on solving our customers' problems the first time and providing our employees with a workplace where they can build a long and rewarding career. Second, our strategy is driving strong results. We have a very valuable business model, well recognized brands and a strong financial position by which we can drive profitable growth. Let me start by highlighting a few key accomplishments in the quarter. First, revenue growth was strong with organic revenue growing just under 9% on an as reported basis. Second, EBITDA margins were healthy at 23.3%, up 10 basis points versus the same period a year ago, despite incurring higher casualty reserve charges. These charges weighed down EBITDA margins by approximately 140 basis points in the quarter. I will spend more time on the casualty reserve in a bit, but it was good to see the strong margin performance in this challenging inflationary period. Earnings per share improved 15% to $0.22 per share and free cash flow was very healthy with operating cash flow growing over 60% versus the same period a year ago. Let's now dive into the quarterly results in more detail. Quarterly revenue was $730 million, up just over 12% on a reported basis. This includes approximately 4% of growth from acquisitions. Currencies reduced sales growth by 50 basis points on the stronger dollar notably versus the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and the British pound. It was good to see strong organic growth across our service lines. All services commercial, residential and termite services grew at a double-digit growth rate with very strong organic growth in commercial and termite businesses. Residential revenues increased approximately 10% with growth stemming from both acquisitions and organic activity. We also had strong growth across substantially all of our brands. We are not seeing any significant signs of slowing and retention rates are not changing materially. Overall, demand for our services remains robust to start the fourth quarter. Turning to profitability. Gross profit was 52.3% of sales in the quarter, down 70 basis points from the same quarter a year ago. The decline is driven primarily by an increase in our casualty reserve related to auto claims. As I said earlier, this increase drove EBITDA margins down by 140 basis points in the quarter with the most significant impact on gross profit. This expense in the quarter was driven by a number of auto-related claims that matured in the quarter. These claims tend to change from time-to-time and we either reached resolution or received additional information about the nature of the claim that provided for a better estimation of the total liability associated with the claim in the quarter. Excluding this, we saw improvement in gross profit as pricing more than offset inflationary pressures and increases associated with people, fleet and other areas. Pricing and managing our margins remains at the top of our agenda. SG&A expense in the quarter was just under $214 million or 29.3% of sales, up approximately $20 million from the prior year. As a percent of revenue, we realized 60 basis points of leverage in SG&A on the double-digit sales growth, which helped to offset the gross profit headwinds. GAAP operating income was $145 million or 19.7% of revenue, up 20 basis points from the year ago period. EBITDA margin was 23.3%, up 10 basis points over the prior year. As I indicated, the increased expense associated with claims activity negatively impacted EBITDA margins by 140 basis points. I like to look at the business using incremental margins or what percent of every additional dollar of revenue growth is converted to EBITDA. And in the quarter, on an as reported basis, we generated 24% incremental margins, but over 35% when you consider the quarter included the higher expense associated with the claims activity. GAAP net income was $108 million or $0.22 in earnings per share, increasing 15% versus the same period a year ago on the 12% increase in reported revenue. Turning to cash flow and the balance sheet. Quarterly free cash flow was very strong in the quarter. We generated over $120 million of free cash flow on a $108 million of earnings in the quarter. Free cash flow increased by over 60% in the quarter. We made acquisitions totaling approximately $60 million in the third quarter and we paid just under $50 million of dividends. Debt remains negligible and debt-to-EBITDA is well below 1 times on a gross level. Cash balances approximated debt balances to end the quarter. Year-to-date, we have made acquisitions totaling just over $110 million and paid dividends of approximately $148 million. Debt balances are down $30 million since the beginning of the year and cash is up over $16 million, finishing at $122 million to finish the third quarter. Speaking of dividends, we increased our regular quarterly dividend last night to $0.13 per share, an increase of 30% versus the third quarter a year ago. With this announcement, this will enable us to realize an increasing dividend again in 2022. We are well positioned to continue to maintain our balanced approach to capital allocation. Our focus is to consistently fund a regular dividend that increases as our business grows, while continuing to use our balance sheet to fund additional acquisition-related growth. Our third quarter performance demonstrated the strength of our business model. Organic demand remains robust and we are well positioned to continue to use our balance sheet to grow our business. The acquisition pipeline is very healthy and our strong cash flow and balance sheet positions us well to invest in our business. We continue to focus on execution and driving a long-term profitable growth for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call back over to Gary for closing remarks. Gary?
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Ken. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Good morning, everybody.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning.
Kenneth Krause: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: So, first I wanted to ask on the residential business. Well, first I should say congratulations on a great quarter, but I wanted to dig into the residential business for just a second, because there is some concern right now about the state of the consumer, and I was hoping that you could comment on the trends that you're seeing with respect to volumes in your resi business specifically. Are you starting to see any slowdown as we move from August to September to October, given the increased macro uncertainty, and could you maybe comment on how lead generation these days compares to maybe to last year?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Tim, this is Jerry. The residential businesses is - it remain strong. Certainly, leads are down a little bit. It's hard to always - you don't know if it's economic, if - is it weather driven, those kinds of things. It's hard to attribute it. Despite that, we still have our challenges keeping up with the lead volume that we get in the quarter. And when you also look at the quarter on the residential side, we were impacted at the end of the quarter if you see it kind of dragging a little lower than the other two categories. We were impacted the worst possible time for that hurricane was end the month at the end of the quarter, and that was a revenue drag in Southwest Florida and parts of Florida, where we're very heavily weighted on the residential side. And so that - to end the quarter, that was a bit challenging but - and that's certainly had more of a drag on residential revenue than necessarily some change in demand. John or anybody you have anything to add there?
John Wilson: Well, the only thing I would add Tim is that leads for residential have been down for some time. Quality of lead and lead closure has been up, leading to increased sales and increasing organic revenue but lead closure or leads receives excuse me as a measure of the strength of the residential business is not really unnecessarily a good yardstick. We continue to close at a higher rate and our - and where we can give some labor challenges, our teams are getting to the work. So we're still seeing strength in it. Is it as strong as it was over the last couple of years? Maybe not, but we're very optimistic still about residential.
Kenneth Krause: The only thing I would add as well is from a revenue perspective as Jerry had pointed out. We had good revenue growth throughout the quarter. It was interesting, when we look at the revenue growth by month throughout the quarter in the residential area, we saw a little bit of weakness in July associated with just some COVID exposures and some challenges with COVID, but August was exceptionally strong and September was very healthy as well, but unfortunately, our ability to deliver services was hampered by the hurricane, which hit us late in the quarter. So overall, business remains pretty well intact on the residential side.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And let's not forget that hurricane also impacted South Carolina as well, went through there, which is another area where we have a large - a very large presence on the residential standpoint.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks for all the color everybody. So it sounds like - yes and Jerry you're right like that's exactly what I was looking at. I was looking at the trend slowing down in residential, but it seems like that might be much more related to the hurricane than anything else and it's still a very strong result. So it sounds like demand remained strong there. My last question is maybe for Ken or Julie. It's just a quick one. The 8.6% organic growth figure, does that just exclude acquisitions? In other words, if I exclude the 50 basis points of foreign currency headwind, would organic growth have been more like 9.1% for the quarter?
Kenneth Krause: You're thinking about that correct, Tim. We had a 50 basis point headwind on revenues. The 8.6% is an as reported organic number. So adding back the currency headwind, your organic growth would have been just north of 9%.
Tim Mulrooney: Thank you everybody.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question, and again, let me add my congrats as well to the solid quarter. I just wanted to focus more on the cross-selling opportunities. I was wondering if you could talk about how much traction are you getting on cross selling into your existing customer base? And also as the technicians are more appropriately staffed, how is that helping drive better sales momentum among your existing but also new customers? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So a lot of what you see in the termite ancillary growth is a result of cross-selling to your existing customer base, so that's where we get a lot of the lift - is on the termite ancillary side is directly through cross-sell opportunity. So that continues to remain strong and continues to be a great opportunity for us for certainly for years to come. We have seen a nice uptick this year also in technicians sales that has in some ways offset our - a little bit of the lead decline, and the better we know the better staffed we are with technicians, the more technicians will actively sell. So getting that formula right is good and we have certainly seen an uptick in technician involved sales, where it could be upgrades on the commercial side but as well as on the residential side as well. We see - we do see sales productivity ticking up with technicians.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great. And maybe if I can just have a follow up question on the margins. The incremental margins of 35% excluding the one-time item looks like a very strong margin growth profile. As we think about going forward, not necessarily from a guidance perspective but as we think about some of the puts and takes and inflation rolling over and revenue momentum being strong, is that the right way to think about the incremental margins going forward? Thanks.
Kenneth Krause: Ashish, I don't want to commit to something too early here. I am only 60 days or so in, but what I'll tell you is the gross margin profile of 50 plus percent is certainly an appealing gross margin profile and provides me a sense of confidence in our ability to generate that type of margin profile, but what I'd ask for is a little bit of time to better understand the business and some of the drivers that we have in the business. But nonetheless, that gross margin profile that we do have and the pricing opportunities we have in our business gives me some confidence in our ability to continue to improve our margins going forward.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great. Congrats once again on such a good quarter.
Kenneth Krause: Thank you.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Seth Weber: Hey. Good morning, everybody, and welcome, Ken. I guess, I just wanted to ask a question on pricing. Can you just kind of catch us up on where you're at with pricing? I think you pushed through increases in April and May and I think on the last call, you talked about that was going to be it for like for the year, but can just maybe talk to us about your thoughts on pricing going forward, whether you - if the inflationary environment continues, whether you might take another shot at raising pricing and just whether it sounds like maybe there has been a little bit of push back, maybe some - maybe attrition ticked up a little bit is what it's sounded like from your messaging, but if there is - if you're seeing any kind of customer churn based on the pricing actions you've taken? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So we feel like our price increase program was very successful this year and certainly, as Ken noted, it attributed some of our success here in the third quarter to pricing, not only to our - through rate increases, but also increasing our rate cards and our new sales pricing is up rather significantly, that's been helpful. Our strategy will be to get through the rest of this fiscal year. In January, we'll all meet again, and we'll have a discussion about our price increase strategy for 2023 and assess what the economic environment looks like, what's going on and make some determinations at that point. We need to have those discussions in - fairly early in the year if we're going to keep it on the same cycle to be able to deploy that price increase by March and April timeframes, should we - depend on what levels we go at. So - and part of that process in January will also be a very lengthy look back - detailed look back into our price increase campaign this year, what the impact on rollbacks and customer retention was, and we'll use those data to help us determine what we will - what our plan will look like in 2023. We've monitored that. We haven't noticed any real significant jump in retention due to pricing, so we feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Seth Weber: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then just maybe can you just touch on what you're seeing in the international markets? I know, it's not a big part of your business, but if there's any notable changes in trends internationally versus U.S.? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I guess, internationally, we see some of the - feeling a little bit of some of the impact in the U.K. of their inflationary pressures there, but our business in the United Kingdom is doing quite well, that team there is thriving. Same in Australia. They're performing very well. So we're very happy with the results that we're getting internationally. Singapore is a little down. They've had some a little more challenges on the revenue growth side and that's been largely - they were engaged during the peak of COVID with a lot of disinfection services and some of those disinfection services have disappeared. And so they've struggled a little bit more, not necessarily because of any economic conditions more just a shift in what's going on in the market from a pest control and disinfection standpoint. But overall, internationally, you think of Canada as well, our Canadian operations are doing fantastic and they're growing well. So it's all very positive on that front.
Seth Weber: Great. Okay. Thank you very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Hans Hoffman: Hi. This is Hans Hoffman filling in for Stephanie. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the quarter. I was just wondering, could you maybe dive in a bit on kind of what drove the strength in the commercial and termite business?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I didn't quite catch what you asked for. So, could you repeat your question for me?
Hans Hoffman: Yes. Could you just talk a little bit sort of what drove the strength in the commercial and termite business?
Jerry Gahlhoff: A lot of that is having feet on the street and staff and having the staffing and the quality team on both the commercial and the number of home inspectors we have in the field. It's really about being staffed to handle demand and drive those - drive the sales results that we get. You look at our headcount of commercial account managers and our head - the volume of home inspectors that we've added over the last 12 to 18 months. That's by far the largest driver of the growth that we're seeing. Those folks have been very successful given - with the tools and infrastructure that we give them to be successful in their sales jobs. And by far, I think that's been the biggest driver. John, do you have any other opinion on that?
John Wilson: Yes. I think you hit the nail on the head, Jerry. It's all about having the right amount of people to handle the production of the sales needed to grow those service lines. That only grows by having feet on the street, not by - it's not lead driven, I guess. I'm trying to say like the residential side. So you got to have those bodies in front of those customers.
Hans Hoffman: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you in February for our fourth quarter earnings. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Rollins Inc. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Joe Calabrese. Thank you. You may begin.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746, and we'll send you a release and make sure you're on the Company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing (877) 660-6853 with the pass code 137-31-028. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.rollins.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. The Company is also offering investors a supporting slide presentation, which can be found on Rollins website at www.rollins.com. We'll be following that slide presentation on our call this morning and encourage you to view that with us. On the line with me today and speaking are Gary Rollins, Rollins Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman; Jerry Gahlhoff Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer; and Julie Bimmerman, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Group Vice President and Treasurer. Management will make some operating remarks, and we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2022 investor call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. I'm very pleased to report that Rollins delivered a very strong financial performance in the second quarter and remains well positioned to deliver on our long-term business objectives. On today's call, I'm excited to share our strategic management succession plan that has been unanimously approved by our Board of Directors. We firmly believe that this is the right time to initiate this important leadership transition. Effective January 1, 2023, Jerry Gahlhoff, the Rollins Chief Operating Officer and President, will be elevated to the position of Chief Executive Officer or CEO. I'll remain Chairman of the Board, and Jerry will continue in his current role as President of Rollins. The following five months will be transitional while Jerry becomes more familiar with the areas involving his future responsibilities. The Company is well positioned financially and operationally. We have a proven management team, leading brands and a very strong culture. I'm extremely confident in the future of Rollins and look forward to working closely with Jerry to ensure a smooth transition of responsibilities. While I'll be moving away from the day-to-day operations, as I continue serving as our company Chairman of the Board, I will remain active and focused on our business goals and strategic plans. As many of you know, Jerry has been with Rollins since the 2008 acquisition of HomeTeam. And he's been instrumental in our success. What most don't know is that Jerry grew up in an Orkin household as his father worked for the Company for 26 years. His dad was a great employee. Jerry is an exceptional leader with great vision and a deep understanding of our industry and our customers. His years of service to Rollins has been marked by outstanding performance and accomplishments. He was promoted to Rollins President and Chief Operating Officer in 2020 and has had a unique opportunity to be intimately involved in most every facet of our organization. In 2021, Jerry joined the Rollins Board of Directors. His business acumen, leadership experience, strong sense of duty and his devotion to our company make him a natural fit to assume our President and Chief Executive Officer role. I have the utmost confidence that Jerry will continue to foster our strong company heritage record of accomplishments and promote the culture of Rollins. Let me now turn the call over to John Wilson, our Vice Chairman, who will provide some business updates. John?
John Wilson: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of all of us here at Rollins, I would like to congratulate Jerry on his long successful tenure as Rollins CEO. Gary's 56-year career with our company has been marked by superior achievements and an unrelenting focus on our customers, our shareholders and our employees. He's a tremendous leader. And in addition to his impressive business results over the multiple decades, he has been steadfast in leading Rollins' high-performance culture. But the best part about this change is that he isn't going anywhere and will continue to be a valuable resource to all of us. Turning to our performance. We are pleased with our second quarter financial results with revenue increasing to $714 million and net income totaling $100 million or $0.20 per share. Overall, we experienced solid growth across our numerous pest management brands and continue to achieve strong levels of customer growth. Finally, you've heard me say this many times, we regard our employees as our most important asset. They are an integral part of our success. As we continue to grow, we recognize the talented people have choices, and we want the Rollins brands to be a leading contender for that talent. Consistent with that approach, we're continually looking to improve our employee benefits and I'm pleased to announce that Rollins has partnered with Everside Health to offer an on-site health center located at our Atlanta home office. This new health center offers convenient primary care services for everything from screenings and prevention to chronic disease management and urgent care for several thousand of our employees in the area. There are multiple benefits and features to this program, including same-day and next-day appointments, on-site lab draws, medications and immunizations, mental health services and the ability to reach a care team 24/7 for urgent needs. In addition to our Atlanta facility, our U.S. employees have access to over 70 Everside Health clinics, and we are live in 37 states for virtual primary care. The safety and well-being of our employees is a top priority, and we believe offering this new benefit will lead to better health outcomes, allowing employees to live healthier lives. Now let me turn the call over to Jerry, who will provide more details on our business. Congratulations, Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John. Hello, everyone. Before I get into our second quarter operating review, I would like to say a few words about Gary. As Gary mentioned, I came to Rollins through the HomeTeam acquisition in 2008. As many of you know, those can be tensed in uncertain times for those being acquired. Gary talked with me personally. His words and subsequent actions reassured me that I had found a home at Rollins and my experience here has been meaningful and worthwhile. Over the past 14 years, I've learned so much from Gary, and there's one thing I'm sure of, he has an unwavering commitment to our company, our customers and our employees. The proof of this is in his actions and results. It's truly an honor to succeed Gary as CEO and lead this incredible company of more than 17,000 exceptional employees, each of whom brings a commitment to deliver the best for our customers every day. With Gary and John's continued guidance, I look forward to continuing to build on our great success as we begin this new chapter of the Company's future. I'd now like to walk through our 2022 second quarter performance, focusing on items that directly impacted our operations during the period. Julie will address the non-GAAP adjustments a little later. Looking at our financial results. Rollins second quarter 2022 was highlighted by revenue growth of 11.9% to $714 million compared to $638 million in last year's second quarter. Net income was $100.3 million or $0.20 per diluted share. This is compared to $98.9 million or $0.20 per diluted share for the same period in 2021. As mentioned, Julie will review GAAP and non-GAAP results as well as organic revenue growth numbers shortly. Operationally, during the quarter, all our business lines continued to experience solid growth. In fact, we grew double digits in all service lines. Residential pest control increased 11%, commercial pest control was up 11.2% and termite increased 15%. Keep in mind that this level of growth came on top of our company's highest historical recorded growth in Q2 last year of 15.3%. On the expense side, we continue to feel inflationary pressures during the second quarter from fleet-related costs like fuel and vehicle repairs and materials and supplies. I'll give insight on these as well as provide an update on the actions we've been implementing to mitigate these pressures. While we're efficiently navigating through this period and believe that our proactive initiatives have helped, we're keeping a watchful eye on inflationary pressures, fuel costs and supply chain costs and how they may affect Rollins. Management of fuel expense is a notable example. As we grow, we improved customer density. And when coupled with our routing and scheduling technology initiatives, we continue to reduce our overall mileage between service visits, which lowers our fuel requirements. We saved over 5.8 million miles driven in the quarter or $1.3 million. This savings was slightly offset by increased average price per gallon over Q2 2021 of over $400,000, equating to net fuel savings of $875,000. This has also helped manage labor costs as our technicians have less unproductive windshield time, plus we've created a better job for them along the way. As we move through the second half of 2022, we expect we'll see the ongoing benefits of these improvements. Furthermore, looking ahead, we're committed to enhancing the overall efficiency of our fleet while also reducing carbon emissions. In June, we announced that BMW Group ranked Rollins 15th out of the top 50 green fleets in the United States. This primarily reflects Rollins use of hybrid sedans that are being driven by our sales and management personnel. However, we recently began testing the use of light-duty hybrid trucks. Given their excellent fuel economy, we are focused on having a sizable uptick in our hybrid truck fleet by 2024. Additionally, given recent technology advancements, we've been testing the use of battery-powered application equipment going from gas power to battery provides us with a compelling opportunity to reduce emissions without sacrificing the effectiveness of our service. We look forward to updating you on these initiatives in the quarters ahead. As you may recall from prior conference calls, we've been proactively addressing increased supply chain costs in our residential and commercial pest control materials and supplies. This includes termite and ancillary service offerings as well. We have solid long-term working relationships with our manufacturers and have deep visibility into the supply process, often a few levels up in the supply chain. In doing so, we're often able to achieve greater operational efficiencies and overall flexibility by not only having materials shipped quickly but also having real-time insights advising us when we need to order materials. We continue to seek opportunities to diversify through alternative suppliers and actively seek shipping and freight efficiencies. On the subject of pricing, we successfully implemented our annual price increase programs earlier this year. As mentioned on our last conference call, aggressive service price increases were initiated within all our brands during April and May as compared to historical timing of the early summer months and prior years. We are already realizing a notable benefit from this initiative more than doubling our traditional 1% to 2% net growth levels from our past price increase programs. Overall, we saw little resistance from our customers on the higher price increases put into place, which is a confirmation of service satisfaction. Next, on our acquisition pipeline, it remains strong, and we have plenty of potential opportunities that we are actively pursuing. So far in 2022, we have completed 22 strategic acquisitions within the U.S., United Kingdom and Australia. In the U.K., we achieved an important milestone during the quarter with the acquisition of Europest. In addition to expanding our geographic footprint within the U.K., it is also our first location in Wales. Strategically, we now have full coverage within the United Kingdom, as this tuck-in transaction comes on the heels of another recent U.K. acquisition, NBC Environment, which provided our first locations within Scotland. Moving forward, Strategic acquisitions will continue to be an important component in our initiatives to further grow and expand our business. Before I turn it over to Julie, I want to emphasize how pleased we are with Rollins second quarter results and that we remain well positioned for 2022. I'll now turn the call over to Julie. Julie?
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, Jerry. First, I would like to congratulate both Gary and Jerry on reaching the next pinnacles in their careers. Gary, your extraordinary impact on Rollins has been legendary. Jerry, you definitely have large shoes to fill as CEO. Jerry, also watching your career grow from our early days at HomeTeam to President of Rollins has been exciting, and I have no doubt that you will excel in this new role. I appreciate your trust and leadership through the years and cannot wait to see what the future holds. So now on to the numbers. We delivered a strong second quarter highlighted by significant growth across many key financial metrics. As a reminder, we are including a slide deck on our website, which presents the numbers we discussed during today's earnings presentation. To view the deck, please go to rollins.com, click on News and Events and presentation. Our second quarter revenues of $714 million represented an increase of 11.9% actual exchange rate, 8.7% organic. For the constant exchange rate, the total revenue growth totaled 10.7% with 7.5% organic. As Jerry mentioned, residential, commercial and termite all presented strong double-digit growth for the quarter. Residential grew 11%, 7% organic. Commercial grew 11.2%, 9.3% organic. Lastly, we have termite, which grew 15% with 11.2% organic. Now on to our income. For the second quarter and year-to-date, we are presenting adjusted EBITDA for 2021 for comparison purposes due to the impact of our gain on sale of several of our Clark properties of $450,000 in Q2 of last year, and $31.5 million year-to-date in 2021. Second quarter EBITDA of 2022 was $159.2 million or 1.2% over 2021 adjusted EBITDA of $157.3 million. Second quarter 2022 EPS was $0.20 per diluted share equal to 2021 adjusted EPS. Second quarter 2022 gross margin decreased to 52.8% or 0.5 point below last year. As mentioned, fleet created another quarter of strong headwinds in Q2 2022 primarily from fuel presenting an increase of $6.8 million and vehicle repairs of $1.7 million over last year. Fuel increases were driven by over a 50% increase in our average price paid per gallon in Q2 2022 over 2021. Vehicle repairs were up due to the continued delay in receipt of new vehicles from the manufacturers. We keep our trucks longer, forcing repairs outside of our norm. Combined, these fleet expenses -- these fleet expense increases equated to 0.9 point in additional cost, taking these fleet-related increases out of the equation, gross margin increased over last year. Sales, general, administrative, or SG&A as a percentage of revenue for Q2 2022 increased over 2021 by 2.1% to 30.8%. Travel was a contributor as this increased 65.7% over Q2 2021. This was due to a return to normalized levels for leadership travel to branch locations along with overall increased cost in air travel and rental cars. We also saw an increase in advertising from a combination of an increase in our advertising campaign to counteract the late arrival of spring along with the impact of a change in our process for estimating and accruing our advertising expenses. Aligning these costs with our high Q2 sales equated to an increase in advertising of 2% of revenues over Q2 2021. For the full year, we expect overall normalized historical spend levels for advertising. Now for a few notes regarding our cash flow. Our dividends Q2 2022, totaled $49.2 million or an increase of 22% over 2021, while cash used for acquisitions increased 218.7% to $36.4 million for 2022. We ended the current period with $221 million in cash, of which, $62.9 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Our free cash flow for Q2 was $119.4 million or an increase of 26.6% over last year. This increase was primarily driven by timing of income tax payments. Last, I'm pleased to share that yesterday, our Board of Directors approved a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share that will be paid on September 9, 2022, to shareholders of record at the close of business August 10, 2022. This represents a 25% increase over the dividend paid in September 2021. The dividend increase reflects our strong performance in the second quarter of 2022, it situates our financial strength and the Board's confidence in our continued growth. Gary, I'll turn it back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: First, I just want to say to Gary, congratulations. Very few CEOs can boast the same level of tenure and success that you can and I look forward to staying in touch regardless.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Tim Mulrooney: First one, EBITDA margins were down a little bit more this quarter than I was expecting. And what was helpful last quarter as you guys bucketed these things for us. The primary buckets being fuel or I don't know if you want to call it, fleet, another major cost bucket is labor and another one is materials, if you were going to rank those headwinds in terms of the things that impacted your EBITDA margins the most and if there's any way to quantify it. I think that would be really helpful for investors, it certainly was very helpful for us last quarter.
Julie Bimmerman: Sure. Tim, this is Julie. So I'll jump in. So I would say the -- our largest impact was getting back to the advertising expenses we said, which was gain -- or excuse me, an increase of 2% of our revenues. And I do want to go ahead and go over this. This is where we updated our quarterly processes for estimating and accruing our advertising expenses to better reflect our shift to digital advertising. I do want to make a point on this, though, and this is the key point is this, we will maintain the normalized historical percentage of revenue spend for the advertising when you look at the year as a whole. So we are dealing with timing there. The next largest item would have been our fuel and the fuel itself was a $6.8 million increase over last year. So that was significant over Q2 of last year.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would add that from a labor standpoint, we did a pretty good job of keeping service wages, in particular, relatively flat year-over-year. That really wasn't a significant driver of everything. It's heavily on what Julie mentioned.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. So I mean that's very consistent with what you said last quarter. I guess, labor had more disruption in January. But you were saying that, that wouldn't be as much of an issue going forward. It sounds like it's not, it's mostly fleet and advertising expense. So that's really helpful.
Jerry Gahlhoff: January, it was driven by the COVID situation, which is just seems to be ramping back up again, but we're managing through it a little better right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets.
Ashish Sabadra: Congrats to both of you, Gary and Jerry. My first question would be on the revenue growth, pretty strong momentum there across all businesses. I was wondering if you could help parse out -- you obviously talked about a more aggressive price increase, but also if you can talk about the improved retention as well as on the sales momentum side, can you talk about how the improved ad campaign helped you more on the inbound, but also the technicians being appropriately staffed? How is that helping you drive sales momentum. So if you could just parse out some of the growth drivers and quantify some of those tailwinds?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Well, I think on the -- Julie, on the revenue growth side, we certainly got some additional lift from the price increase part that helped us quite a bit. We were lapping a pretty big second quarter last year, in particular, our -- the month of April and in 2021 was really difficult to lap from a growth standpoint, but we managed through it pretty well, and things picked up quite a bit in May and June to help recover from there. Retention remains -- customer retention remains strong, and our team is doing a pretty good job on service delivery. We're staffed better than we were a year ago from a technician standpoint, being able to get to new customers, service our existing customers. So that's all good. We've gotten a lot of positive response to, in particular, Orkin's transition to -- with their new ad campaigns. Especially with the Orkin Pro, we've received a lot of very strong feedback. Our -- the people that work at Orkin, our team members at Orkin really like it. It's getting a lot of attention. I know it's good when I hear about it from my children because they're seeing it on TikTok. And so they see those ads on TikTok and seem to have a lot of fun with them.
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. And then to add on to that, just as a reminder, I think Jerry commented on his section of the script is our price increase that brought in over double what we typically see from our annual price increase. So that was a part of that growth as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Hamza Mazari with Jefferies.
Hans Hoffman: This is Hans Hoffman filling in for Hamza. Could you just give us a sense of how much capacity you have in your sales force and what your hiring plans are going forward?
Jerry Gahlhoff: We're pretty well staffed on the sales side, both in the commercial and residential side. we can always -- there's always room for improvements to drive -- when you have a salesperson at full capacity or selling high levels monthly, the next step to do is hire another and build them back up and continue to drive that incremental growth and get improvements. So we always -- there's always a little bit of capacity there to do better. But as we get closer to capacity, we look to add staffing where it makes sense. And we're always -- that's just kind of a numbers game and math game that we play.
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. And that's where we really worked hard at the end of last year is when we started doing the heavy staff up on our commercial side of our sales force just so that we could be prepared for this year and be able to honestly be able to close the deals that we're closing today.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And certainly, the commercial results that we're getting are a result of those -- the increased staffing and the increased productivity for sales rep that we're seeing.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities.
Seth Weber: Congratulations, guys. I just had a question on, I think fuel prices started picking up last June, June 2021. So is it -- so now that we have kind of an apples-to-apples compare going forward, should we expect gross margin to be up year-over-year for the rest of the year or is that the right way to think about it?
Julie Bimmerman: I'll start, and then I'm sure Jerry will want to jump in as well. Everything -- we're all reading the same thing when it comes to fuel is we -- a lot of things -- areas say that the fuel prices are going to be going down, but then we see things that are happening on the other side of the globe that gives the impression that it could go up. So, so much depends on that. So if you're assuming that fuel does not keep on having that variability, we'll definitely -- that's one thing to keep in mind. But I also want to address materials and supplies. Jerry commented on this as well. And I'm going to jump in and use the phrase that Jerry has commented on in the Board meeting yesterday. He said that sometimes we feel like we're playing whack-a-mole with the materials and supplies because we have different vendors and different that are looking at -- they have to make increases to cover either their shipping or cover their supply costs themselves. And we keep on having to jump in. We're having to look every single day and see in our purchasing group is saying, where do we need to go. Where should we be purchasing. And really monitoring these relationships. It's a long way of saying it depends what's going to happen with our vendors. It depends what's going to happen with our suppliers. And honestly, the fuel prices. All of that being said, if that calms down, then yes, margins would improve. Do you want to add to that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would agree that those are the two main variables. It's going to be what happens with fuel and fleet and can we get our -- the trucks on time that we are expecting to be delivered to us. Can we get -- they can get delivered and we can start heading off some of these repair expenses that we're having. And then plus we have the ongoing benefit of offsetting some of these costs over the coming months with routing and scheduling, more of the technology adoption and advancement that we can get out there and increase usage of the tools they have, especially during busy season, that will help us with those offsets. Not too concerned about the labor side. I think we'll manage the labor. But certainly, fuel and vehicle repairs and materials supplies. Those are the wildcards that were basically managed through a very -- it seems like every week, we're getting notified about some other price increase that we're having to make adjustments to from suppliers. So that's why Julie said it's like playing whack-a-mole. So as long as we remain vigilant on that, and we'll see what happens from a fuel standpoint. That's the wildcard.
Operator: Our final question is from Brian Butler with Stifel.
Brian Butler: Just to follow up, I guess, on pricing and inflation. If inflation continues to move higher or even accelerate, is there a potential another rate increase the back half of 2022 or maybe a surcharge that would be used to offset that? Or would Rollins wait until maybe next year to catch up and then address the higher costs?
Gary Rollins: We've done quite a bit of research as far as our price increases are concerned. And certainly, we would be opposed to having another price increase this year. We really studied the frequency and the amount very carefully. And it's been our experience that you really need to have some time in between and don't get greedy.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to updating you next quarter on our progress. And thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Rollins Inc. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe Calabrese. Thank you. You may begin.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing (877) 660-6853 with the pass code 13728548. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.rollins.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. The company is also offering investors a supporting slide presentation, which can be found on Rollins' website at www.rollins.com. We'll be following that slide presentation on a call this morning, and encourage you to view that with us. On the line with me today and speaking are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman, Jerry Gahlhoff Jr. President and Chief Operating Officer and Julie Bimmerman, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks. And then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2022 investor call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement, disclaimer, and then we will begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and for our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. I'm pleased to report that Rollins delivered solid first quarter results and realized strong year-over-year growth in many key performance areas. We remain well positioned to deliver on our short-term and long-term objectives. And we look forward to sharing our progress in the quarters ahead. I would now like to give an update on our SEC investigation. Rollins reached a settlement agreement with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission on April 18th. The settlement fully resolves the SEC's investigation into certain adjustments to accruals and reserves and their impact on reported earnings per share in the first quarter of 2016 and the second quarter of 2017. Rollins paid a $8 million civil penalty, which was fully accrued in a third and fourth quarters of 2021. Under terms of the settlement Rollins, neither admits or denies the SEC's findings in this matter. The settlement completes the SEC's investigation and there will be no restatement of Rollins financials related to this matter. I want to take a moment to highlight the actions that we've taken to strengthen Rollins controls and procedures to prevent something like this from happening in the future. From the beginning, we took this matter very seriously and hired outside consultants to evaluate and strengthen our financial reporting. This included improving processes, procedures, and supporting documentation, that impact financial results. We also hired a Chief Accounting Officer, Traci Hornfeck, last October and added two retired E&Y partners to our audit committee, Susan Bell and Pat Gunning. Susan currently serves as Chair of that committee. We have also hired and added several experienced accounting personnel to further strengthen our team. Jerry will share with you details of our active CFO search to further improve this area. It is noteworthy that the SEC recognizes within the order that Rollins "cooperation and the remedial acts were promptly undertaken to prevent and detect the type of misconduct described in the order". Out of respect for the process, we will not answer any questions during our Q&A on this matter. I assure you that integrity is at the core of who we are as a company. And we remain committed to doing the right thing for our employees, investors, and customers. And finally, we are pleased that this matter is resolved. With that, let me turn the call over to John who will provide some business updates. John?
John Wilson: Thank you and good morning everyone. As Gary mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter financial results, with revenue increasing to $590.7 million and net income totaling $72.4 million or $0.15 per share. Overall, we experience solid growth across our family of pest management brands and continue to achieve strong levels of customer growth. Over the past couple of years, we have been actively strengthening and solidifying our Board of Directors and board committees, reflecting our commitment to effective corporate governance. For those of you who are familiar with Rollins, our Board consists of outstanding directors who have diverse backgrounds and bring invaluable experience, strong governance and their unique perspectives to our company. As part of that process, our directors have also been a key component of driving Rollins long-term strategic vision. We are pleased to announce that Gregory Morrison has been recently appointed to Rollins audit committee. Some of you may recall that Greg who joined as a Director of Rollins in 2021 served 18 years as Vice President and Corporate Chief Information Officer for Cox Enterprises. At Cox, he was responsible for the management and operations of all information technology, including cybersecurity solutions, which we believe makes him particularly well suited to join the audit committee. In addition to his responsibilities as a member of our Board's human capital management and compensation committee. We are also pleased to announce that Don Carson has been appointed to our nominating and governance committee. Don also joined our Board in 2021 and is a trusted advisor to Catheter Precision, where he also serves as a Director. Don also acts as a trustee for The Cook and Bynum Fund. Furthermore, we strengthened our Board with the recent selection of seasoned and executive Louise Sams. Louise has also been appointed to our nominating and governance committee and the compensation committee. For almost 20 years, Louise was an Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Turner Broadcasting System. As General Counsel, Louise oversaw legal work relating to Turner's business activities and at subsidiaries worldwide, including licensing and production of content for Turner Television. She was also involved in the sale and distribution of those networks. The protection of intellectual property, employment matters, as well as litigation and transactional work relating to acquisitions and joint ventures. Most recently, Louise focused on issues related to technology, information security, use of data and consumer privacy, as well as enterprise-wide risk management. We are pleased to have Louise joint our Board, and we believe her broad experience will help to further strengthen Rollins and guide our strategic direction. At our core, we are foremost a service company. Our track record of success is a direct result of the efforts of the dedicated and caring people that work at Rollins. Toward this end, I'd like to highlight that during the quarter Rollins was awarded a 2022 top workplaces award by the Atlanta Journal Constitution. Rollins will rank 17th in the large business category, marking the sixth consecutive year we've received this award. This recognition is based solely on employee satisfaction and engagement feedback gathered through a third-party survey. The survey measures several aspects of workplace culture, including alignment, execution and leadership, more than 2,900 Atlanta companies participated in this program. And over 68,000 of their employees were surveyed about their workplace experience. Another recent recognition that I am particularly proud of is that Newsweek ranked Rollins number eight in their article on America's Most Trustworthy Companies for 2022 in the consulting and professional services category. Over 110,000 of valuations were collected and reviewed regarding customer trust, investor trust and employee trust to receive this recognition. We remain committed to providing a workplace where our team members can grow professionally and have a positive impact on the community and many thanks go to our leadership team who deserve all the credit for Rollins achieving these honors. Now, let me turn the call over to Jerry who will provide more details on our business.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John and hello everyone. I'd now like to walk through our 2022 first quarter financial results, focusing on items that directly impacted our operations during the quarter. Julie will address the non-GAAP adjustments a little later. Looking at our numbers. Rollins first quarter 2022 was highlighted by revenue growth of 10.3% to $590.7 million compared to $535.6 million in last year's first quarter. Net income was $72.4 million or $0.15 per diluted share. This is compared to $92.6 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the same period in 2021. This decline in EPS was primarily the result of last year's gain on the sale of Clark properties. As mentioned, Julie will review GAAP and non-GAAP results as well as organic revenue growth numbers shortly. Operationally, all our business lines experience good growth during the quarter, with residential pest control up 10.2%, commercial pest control rising 9.1% and termite increasing 13.3%. On the expense side, in the first quarter, we felt significant inflationary pressures in fleet and pest control materials and supplies. I'll give insight on these and an overview of the actions we've been implementing to mitigate these expense pressures. As you may recall from last quarter, we've been proactively addressing supply chain issues and our termite and ancillary service offerings. With our procurement team seeking alternate products and suppliers, while our operation teams have been successfully initiated increases in our rate card pricing where needed to counteract the rise in some of these material costs. We believe we've struck the right balance and these efforts are helping to bring material costs back in line for our termite and ancillary business. In the first quarter, we began experiencing similar inflationary headwinds within our residential and commercial pest control materials and supplies. Given the successes we've achieved, mitigating M&S costs in termite, we're implementing a proactive approach within our pest control business by adjusting our rate cards and diversifying through alternative suppliers and also by seeking shipping and freight efficiencies. Most important to improve our profit margin, we're also implementing our annual price increase programs earlier this year. These more aggressive price increases were initiated within all our brands in late spring as compared to typical timing of the early summer months in prior years. In short, we're proactive managing through this. Our fuel expense is an important example. We gave up seven tenths of a point in margin to increases in fleet expense in Q1. Through extensive routing and scheduling initiatives, we have reduced our overall mileage necessary, which lowers our fuel requirements. For our first quarter of 2022, our fuel would've been approximately $700,000 higher if we had not begun these routing and scheduling processes. This equates to an estimated addition of over 3.2 million miles driven if our miles between stops had not been reduced using our routing and scheduling technologies. We expect that we will see ongoing benefits of these improvements as we move throughout the remainder of the year. Furthermore, we continue to increase the number of hybrid and electric vehicles in our fleet, as we now have over 800 currently deployed. Next for a quick update on our acquisition pipeline. Fortunately, it's full. We have plenty of potential opportunity that we're actively engaged with. Our acquisition team has been busy, both domestic and internationally. One of our latest acquisitions highlighted in a recent press release NBC Environment, headquartered in the U.K., closed April 1st and now gives us full coverage within the U.K., including multiple locations within Scotland. Before closing, I'd like to provide an update on our Chief Financial Officer search. While we don't have an announcement to make today, we have engaged an executive search firm to assist with identifying an exceptional candidate to join our leadership team. We are focused on getting a seasoned, talented financial executive as our CFO. The search is progressing well, and we look forward to providing an update this summer. Julie has been filling in remarkably as our Interim CFO, and you can all rest assure that Julie will be remaining with Rollins as our Group Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. I know that I sleep better at night knowing that. Before I turn it over to Julie, I want to emphasize how pleased we are of our first quarter results, given the inflationary pressures we faced and remain well positioned for 2022. I'll now turn the call over to Julie.
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, Jerry. We delivered a strong first quarter highlighted by significant growth across many key financial me metrics. Like last quarter, we are including a slide deck on our website, which presents the numbers we discussed during today's earnings call presentation. To view the deck, please go to rollins.com, click on news and events, then presentation. Now onto the numbers. Our first quarter revenues of $590.7 million was an increase of 10.3% actual exchange rate and 7% organic. For the constant exchange rate, the total revenue growth totaled 9.6%, with 6.3% organic. As previously mentioned residential, commercial and termite all presented strong growth for the quarter. Residential grew 10.2%, 5.8% organic, commercial grew 9.1%, 7.9% organic. Lastly, we have termite which grew 13.3% with 5 8, excuse me, with 8.5% organic. Now onto our income. For the first quarter, we are presenting adjusted EBITDA for comparison purposes due to the impact of our gain on sale of several of our Clark properties of $31 million in Q1 of last year. First quarter EBITDA 2022 was $117.8 million or 4.2% over 2021 adjusted EBITDA of $113 million. First quarter 2022 EPS was $0.15 per diluted share or 7.1% improvement over 2021 adjusted EPS. For the first quarter 2022, gross margin decreased to 50% or 1.2 points below last year. As mentioned, fleet created another quarter of strong headwinds in Q1, 2022, primarily from fuel in the amount of $4.6 million and vehicle repairs of $1.2 million over last year. Combined, these fleet expense increases equated to seven tenths of a point in additional cost. Service salaries were up four tenths of a point, while pest control materials and supplies were up $2.9 million or one 10th of a point. Fuel increases were driven by a 42% increase in average price paid per gallon in Q1, 2022, over 2021. This along with customer growth brought a 55% increase in our total fuel cost for the quarter. The service wages increase was a combination of COVID sick time taken and overtime paid to cover work for employees out sick with COVID. We face some difficult challenges in January as our reported number of employees testing positive for COVID-19 increased 154% over January, 2021. Additional overtime pay required to complete our routes and cover for these COVID cases contributed to a 21% increase over Q1, 2021. We believe this to be a one-time event unless another COVID surge occurs. Sales, general and administrative, or SG&A on the other hand, held flat Q1, 2022, over 2021 with both quarters coming in at 30.3%. Now for a few notes regarding our cash flow. Our dividends for Q1, 2022 totaled $49.2 million or an increase of 25% over 2021, while cash used for acquisitions declined 22% to $13.2 million for 2022. We ended the current period with $258.3 million in cash, of which $86.1 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. As you've probably noted, we have also increased our term loan over last year. This will put us in a strong position to act quickly on either potential acquisitions or stock repurchases as opportunities may arise. Now to free cash flow. For the quarter of 2022, our free cash was $79.5 million or a decrease of 28.8% over last year. The decline was related to $30.6 million in payroll taxes deferred under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security, or CARES Act, in 2022 and subsequently paid in the third quarter of 2021. In comparing the current first quarter to last year, the deferral was within the Q1, 2021 operating activities. Last, I am please to share that yesterday the Board of Directors approved a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share that will be paid on June 10th, 2022 to shareholders of a record at the close of business May 10th, 2022. This represents a 25% increase over the dividends paid in June, 2021. The dividend increase reflects our strong performance in the quarter of 2022, accentuates our financial strength, the Board's confidence in our outlook for continued growth. Gary, I'll turn the call back to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your questions.
Tim Mulrooney: Gary, Julie, Jerry, John, good morning.
Julie Bimmerman: Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: Thanks for taking my questions. So, I just had a couple about pricing, and I appreciate the color that Jerry gave. But the first one is, pricing is typically, call it, 1% to 2%. How much do you expect it to be this year? I mean, we've spoken to several regional providers who are talking about price increases of more than 5% this year. So, we're wondering if Orkin is thinking along the same lines.
Julie Bimmerman: So, I'll start with this and then any of the guys can jump in if they want to add to that, Tim. As you know, our price increase will typically equate to 1% to 2% of our overall growth. And we have said bringing it 4% earlier this year and the fact that we are being more aggressive than we do expect it to increase over that. We're obviously not going to give you an exact number. As you know, we -- I'll never really do that. But keep in mind what this means by being more aggressive is there are customers that in the past that we may have considered not doing the increase or holding off a little bit longer, we'll do that. Also, there may be some areas that we may push that envelope a little bit and increase it higher by -- region by region.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. Tim, this is Jerry. We took a hard look and as we said, we've been more aggressive than we probably ever have been in the future. And we looked at it as to from a standpoint of what will the market bear and we've just been considerably more aggressive than we have in prior years with our percentage increases.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Well, I'll take what I can get. Thank you. Maybe for my follow-up on pricing, can you talk a little bit about -- look, I think we know how it works on the residential side, you send out your price increase in the second quarter every year. So we -- that makes sense. But on the commercial side, I think it could be a little more nuanced, please correct me if I'm wrong. But I mean, my question, I guess, is, are there opportunities for pricing conversations every time you visit a commercial customer, or is it once per year or is the price fixed through the duration of the contract length? Could you just give us a little more insight on how that dynamic occurs on the commercial side?
John Wilson: Tim, yeah. This is John. I'll take that. I guess, the easy answer is it depends. It depends entirely on that that customer, the contract arrangement and where we are in terms of service duration. Most of our commercial customers sort of equate service duration to the price they pay. And so, if -- we get some pretty robust reporting out of our systems to provide our managers and field sales folks with the information they need to then kind of have that conversation if service durations are exceeding kind of what our revenue per hour goal might be. So, it just depends entirely on the customer and where they are relative to all that.
Gary Rollins: I'd like to add something, John. This is Gary. We have been doing price increases on a consistent program or a routine program for the last 20-plus years. And we have a tremendous database that we're able to compare the price that the customer is paying related to the current rate card, look at the exact gap, if you will, between the rate card and the price and study quite carefully what the results are going to be and so forth. So, I think it it's not a hit or miss deal. And we measure rollbacks. This would be a situation where the customer objects and we feel like -- customer is certainly profitable obviously. But we've learned that that really there's not much difference between the customers that are being rolled back. In other words, we have branches that rollback very few, maybe 10% of their customers. So, we really share that data and -- which really kind of adds integrity to what we're doing, because there there's no need to change the pricing. And then we even get something. Our attitude is, they may not have -- maybe not require the full amount of the pricing increase, but we do get some amount. So, this is something that we've been watching carefully, and it's made a big difference to our company.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would add, Tim. This is Jerry, that we were just as aggressive within our brands if not in some brands, more aggressive on the commercial side than residential even. So, we were -- we definitely touched the commercial business in a great way as it relates to price increase.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That's great color. Thank you everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sabadra of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe on the gross margins, just given all the mitigations that you put together in terms of price increases as well as scheduling, is it fair for us to assume that the rent of the headwinds were faced in the first quarter and those headwinds moderate going forward? And again, I understand you don't give guidance, but is there a way to think about when does it inflect from being a headwind to potentially being -- where we start to start seeing gross margin expansion? Could that -- could we start to see that in the back half of the year, or do we need to wait for next to really start gross margin expanding again? Thanks.
Julie Bimmerman: I'll start on that and then let everyone else jump in. So, basically, yes. On the service salaries we were talking -- we do believe that that is something that we have overcome, because we do believe that that is related to the COVID experience that we had in the early part of the year. So, unless as I say another wave of COVID comes through, we believe that we're done with that.  Also as Jerry commented, as far as the pest control M&S, yes, we're taking care of that and going through and adjusting through our procurement group. And then, also through our rate cards to make sure that we take care of that, that leaves our fuel cost from that 10 point. And so, that's where our price increase will definitely be beneficial in helping cover that. And then also as our fleet group -- I think Jerry had commented that is shifting and looking at the type of vehicles that we're using and the ones that are coming into our fleet in the future. So, most of these or half of these expenses that we're talking about, we are -- we do believe are -- were beyond those. Jerry, do you want to jump in on anything?
Jerry Gahlhoff: As we also move through the year on this fuel side, we started seeing those -- the price increases in fuel by mid-year. And some of that will be a little more in our run rate of what we're accustomed to as we move through the year as well. So, there's -- that headwind will be mitigated from a year-over-year comparison standpoint as we move through the year.
Julie Bimmerman: And let me add one last thing is the fact that Jerry had commented is keep in mind with our price increase coming in, we've actually brought that forward to where it is going in earlier as well to help mitigate those costs.
Gary Rollins: If I could add something, most of our pest control technicians have an element of productivity and their pay plans. So, when we raised the customer's price, the technician benefits from that as well. So, it's kind of a win-win situation and makes you feel good that they're getting a raise too.
Ashish Sabadra: That's great color. Thank you very much. And maybe if I can ask a quick follow-up on the M&A pipeline. As you mentioned, M&A pipeline is pretty solid. I was just wondering if you could comment on the valuation. And also, on the last call, there was a comment made around restructuring foreign entities to make cash available from foreign operations more readily. So, would it be fair for us to assume that we could potentially see bigger M&A in the international markets as well? Any comments on that front? Thanks.
Julie Bimmerman: I'll address the second part of that, which was on the -- we talked about the foreign subsidiaries -- or excuse me -- the cash held by foreign subsidiaries. As you noted, we had -- I believe, it was $86 million held at the end of March. Our acquisition that occurred on April 1st in the U.K., NBC was a prime example of how when we have those funds already on the -- within the foreign soil. We can use those for the acquisitions immediately and -- which we do so at that time. And we're always looking for acquisitions. We do not earmark our dollars to be domestic or international, wherever that next right company, the one that has the correct culture fit is the direction -- the acquisition we will make. So, just understand that we do not say that these dollars have to be for one or the other. Did you want to address anything else on the pipeline?
Jerry Gahlhoff: And I would add on the valuation part. We really haven't seen a significant change in valuation in the market. I think, it's still a very competitive acquisition market. There's probably more private equity players involved now than there were even two years ago. There's still plenty of competition there on the valuation side that's keeping the prices of some of these businesses fairly well propped up.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks again. Very helpful color and congrats on the strong momentum in the business. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mario Cortellacci with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Mario Cortellacci: Hi, guys. Really appreciate the time. Just my first question around kind of what the organic growth looks like in Q2, or in the back half of the year. You guys are coming up on tougher comps. I know that you guys have ramped your Salesforce as well. So, maybe you could just help us understand how much pricing is playing into helping alleviate some of that comp pressure? And then, also how much that extra Salesforce capacity that you guys have will help potentially maintain high single digit growth in Q2 and the back half of the year?
John Wilson: So, Mario, this is John. I'll start and then maybe Jerry might have something to add. So, I think, when you look at the -- with the -- our business by the kind of the service line, the residential after two years of really pretty explosive growth, we'll -- I think we saw it soften in the first quarter and I think that will continue, especially given some of the weather challenges in the first four months or so of the year. But I think where the Salesforce's expansion that you mentioned will help us is on the commercial and the termite side. And I would expect our organic growth there to remain in that high single digit that you mentioned.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And this is Jerry. We think -- John is absolutely right about commercial and termite that ramped up the Salesforce. I would add to the color that spring hasn't fully sprung. In that when we look at our call center data -- and you just look at the call volume from existing customers that are calling in because I have -- I need an extra service or I see something. We just see that the volume isn't quite there yet that we would expect. I think we're probably weeks late from a seasonal standpoint as well. So, we'll probably have some better color around that as we move through Q2 and see how the weather plays out and what that one spring -- one spring has sprung, we will probably have a better feel for that residential pest control side.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. I appreciate it. And then, just for my follow-up, I haven't asked you guys about this in a while. Just around technology and kind of connected technology or connected tools. How penetrated are you within your customer base on that connected technology front? I'm assuming it's probably more weighted towards the commercial customer base and the residential customer base. But any kind of quantification there would be extremely helpful. And maybe where do you think that could go over time? I mean, we're seeing in other industries where automation is helping reduce headcount or at least allow headcount to be used more efficiently. I'm just wondering if you guys have kind of thought about it internally about potential cost savings or efficiency through using kind of a connected products or Internet of Things type of tools.
Jerry Gahlhoff: The work that we've done technology-wise, you're right, is very heavily on the commercial side. And I would say, at this point in time, most of the technology that we're thinking about on the residential side, all has to do with customer communication and helps us -- helping us improve our relationships with customers to improve customer retention. We have not been as focused on automation and back office type stuff, although the routing and scheduling effects if -- automated scheduling and a lot of what were manual processes can be eliminated over time with that through the routing and scheduling technologies. But most of our technology on the residential side is focused on that relationship building with the customer communications, notifications. Hey, our truck is on the way. You can see the truck on its path coming to you, those types of things that we think will improve customer loyalty.
Mario Cortellacci: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much everybody for taking the question. So, I'd like to come back to price with a little different angle and clarity. The -- if I understand the way you're describing the timing of it, first quarter 2022 does not reflect the benefit of being more aggressive. And therefore, that's in front of us coming into 2Q, 3Q and 4Q.
Julie Bimmerman: Exactly. You're thinking correctly, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And on the commercial growth, can you help us understand -- I'm trying to get a feel for the macro. So, this is as much as about your businesses that is a read through just given all the things that are going on a geopolitical basis. I have this sense that there's been a trend of new business formation happening in North America, but really began to ramp in the second half of last year. And that has not peaked. Do you think your commercial organic growth reflects that there is new business formation, meaning you're adding incremental new customers as opposed to upselling existing?
Jerry Gahlhoff: We're probably doing a better job at adding new customers and then adding services on to the existing. Yeah. We're growing through new customers.
Michael Hoffman: So, you would support the idea that there's new business formation going on still that we have -- that has not peaked. So, whatever fears about slowing consumer demand and recessions and what have, you haven't seen that come through on somebody starting a business in the empty storefront that needs a pest service.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I don't know that there are start-ups from new businesses or it's just existing businesses making a change or initiating services for the first time. We really don't have much insight into that unfortunately for you, Michael. Sorry.
Michael Hoffman: No. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We're optimistic about our opportunities ahead and appreciate your interest in our company. We look forward to updating you next quarter on our progress. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Rollins Inc. Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Joe Calabrese. Please go ahead.
Joe Calabrese: By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing (877) 660-6853 with the pass code 13725733. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.rollins.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. The company is also offering investors and supporting slide presentation, which can be found on Roland's website at www.rollins.com. We'll be following that slide presentation on a call this morning, and we encourage you to view that with us. On the line with me today and speaking are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman, Jerry Gahlhoff Jr. President and Chief Operating Officer and Julie Bimmerman, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks. And then we'll open the line for your questions, Gary, would you like to begin? On the line with me today and speaking are John Wilson, Vice Chairman; Jerry Gahlhoff, Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer; and Julie Bimmerman, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and yearend 2021 investor call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we will begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
John Wilson: Thank you, Julie. First of all, I regret missing last quarter's call discussion. Nonetheless, my knee replacement therapy has been going well and it's great to be on the call with you this morning. I'm pleased to report that we experienced a very successful year, both financially and operationally, especially with our revenue and EPS growth. As we began 2022, we believe that Rollins is poised to deliver on our short term and long term objectives. We look forward to sharing our progress with you as the New Year unfolds. As we previously disclosed, the company is in discussion with the staff at the US Security and Exchange Commission to resolve our SEC investigation. During the fourth quarter, we increased the accrual related to this matter to $8 million for a potential settlement. Given that the investigation is ongoing and out of respect for the process, we cannot answer any questions during our Q&A, but we are focused on resolving this inquiry in the very near future. With that, let me turn the call over to John who will provide some of our business updates. John?
John Wilson: Thank you and good morning, everyone. As Gary mentioned, we are extremely pleased with our 2021 performance and very proud of the hardworking men and women of our company that propelled us to achieve record levels of revenue growth across each of our brands. I'm also pleased to note that we again realized a very strong performance in our termite service line, posting year-over-year double-digit growth of 14.3%. While our termite business has been growing by double-digit for several years in a row now, termite damage claims as well as any related litigation have declined year by year reaching our lowest level in recent history during 2021. To be more specific, termite damage claims received have declined from a high of 9,349 to the low of 380 new claims received this past year. While at the same time, revenue from termite has tripled. The genesis of this great story started with a serious commitment to address a problem that had been building for several years, obviously resolve a loan wouldn't clean up a problem that large. Success came from a series of changes initiated by our leadership team to our culture, our training, our treatment protocols and our quality assurance processes. We significantly improved and expanded training of our field service and sales team members and our managers made that training mandatory before you could be allowed to service our customers. We held hundreds of regional training meetings and a multitude of termite-specific training modules were developed. We revised our treatment protocols to solve situations we were experiencing due in part to evolving new construction practices in various markets. These revised treatment protocols in many cases, exceeded state treating requirements. Additionally, we created a nationwide quality assurance team that took control of the claims process requiring our branch offices to report each claim immediately. This insured a quick response to our customers when most needed. This QA group also went to the field and inspected our team's work and verified that things were being done according to our new treating requirements. Finally, and maybe most important, the most difficult change was to our culture. As an example, any location, failing quality assurance team inspections had to make a trip to visit the division president of the company. Those that failed to adjust and adhere to the new practices by the time a follow up QA visit occurred, didn't receive a return trip. Change came quickly due to those practices. Fast forward to today and all our newly acquired companies are brought under these standards as quickly as possible. We believe these service level commitments are important to meet or exceed the expectations our customers have for us. Operationally, our service offering is led by a very strong and dedicated termite services group and a very experienced technical service team. I'm proud to work for a company that has made these commitments to protect our customers, our brands, and our reputation. Now let me turn the call over to Jerry who will provide more details on our business.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John. Good morning, everybody. This morning, I'm going to focus on items that directly impacted our operations in the fourth quarter and then Julie will address the non-GAAP adjustments, most notably the SEC accrual that impacted the year. 2021 was a strong and productive year for Rollins' family of pest control brands. Q4 revenues increased 11.9% to $600.3 million compared to $536.3 million the previous year. Net income rose to $65.3 million or $0.13 per diluted share compared to $62.6 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the same period in 2020. Our revenues for the full year were $2.424 billion, an increase of 12% compared to $2.161 billion for the same period last year. Net income for the full year increased 34.5% to $350.7 million or $0.71 per diluted share compared to $260.8 million or $0.53 per diluted share for the comparable period last year. Again, Julie will review our full year GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly. All our business lines experienced solid growth with residential pest control up 11.9% and termite realizing growth of 13.6%. Additionally, commercial pest control delivered an impressive 11.4% growth over the fourth quarter of last year. Julie will give you a more detailed breakdown on organic revenue growth by service line in a few moments. Before I move on from revenue and address expenses, I want to emphasize how proud we are of the growth rates we achieved in the fourth quarter and for the year. During the year coincidentally, Orkin reached their 120 anniversary and celebrated by putting up one of their best performances in years. All our brands grew and contributed greatly to our operating results. On the expense side, payroll, materials and supplies and fleet are three largest expense areas and I'll give you some additional color on how each of these items impacted margin in Q4. Let's start with labor. Remarkably, we've been able to achieve above average revenue growth rates while keeping our service payroll expense margins below last year in Q4. On a year to date basis, that expense margin is flat to 2020. Our administrative payroll margins also improved over 2020 as we continue to improve productivity. However, we did experience a slight increase in our sales payroll margin. The sales payroll expense trend is reflective of the planned investment we made in upstaffing our residential and commercial sales teams over the last 12 months. This investment yielded the high levels of growth I mentioned a few minutes ago. If there's an area I do not mind giving up margin to, it's sales payroll so long as we are growing revenue faster than the sales payroll expense. I'm proud of our team's ability to manage payroll expense despite recruiting challenges caused by labor shortages. Last week, we held our virtual will Rollins leadership meeting with over 175 of our top leaders. Most of our topics were about best practices in recruiting and retaining our people. This is a huge focus item for us in 2022. Let's move to materials and supplies costs, or M&S. Our M&S cost were a slight headwind in the quarter, particularly for our termite and ancillary service offerings where we've had more supply chain issues in the latter part of the year. Our, procurement team is working hard in this area by seeking alternate products while our operations team has analyzed the impact of these increases in adjusting our rate card pricing upward, where needed to counteract the rise in materials cost. Probably most impactful to us in Q4 is fleet expense, particularly fuel. Compared to Q4 of 2020 our fuel cost were up 56.5% in Q4 of 2021. That equated to over $4.5 million in increased fuel costs for the quarter. In addition, increases in fleet repair costs for items like tires and basic maintenance, also rose double digits. As we've discussed in the past, we're making significant progress with our BOSS operating systems routing and scheduling technologies, which help us mitigate some of these fuel cost increases. Since reducing miles driven between services saves not only fuel, but also time. This technology contributed in an either even bigger way to helping us manage our service payroll expense by enabling us to reach our customers in a more efficient and productive manner. We began to feel the first significant impacts of the fuel increases in Q2 of 2021. So we anticipate that fleet costs will continue to be a significant headwind for us in the first quarter of this year. Related to expenses is one other item I'd like to mention. Most are familiar with the cybersecurity attacks experience by solar winds and colonial pipeline and others that recently put a spotlight on cybersecurity threats. Due to concerns about these types of cybersecurity issues, in Q4, we fast tracked our multiyear strategy to enhance our protections against cybersecurity threats by accelerating a $3 million expenditure. We have a dedicated cyber team implementing enhanced cybersecurity controls for domestic and international operations to protect our employees, our customers and our brands. Shifting briefly to the acquisition landscape, we continue to successfully execute our acquisition strategy of identifying and acquiring high quality companies with shared culture and values. Last year ended strong with over 70% of our trailing 12 months revenue acquired occurring in the fourth quarter. We're very pleased to welcome these companies and their teams to the Rollins family of brands and looking ahead, we expect that strategic acquisitions will continue to be an important component in our initiatives to further grow our business. I'll now turn the call over to Julie. Julie?
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, Jerry. We delivered an outstanding fourth quarter highlighted by significant growth across many key financial metrics. As we previously discussed in our third quarter conference calls, we assess the performance metrics we report to ensure they best articulate Rollins' business. To that end, we discuss several additional measure measurements we present each quarter, including EBITDA, free cash and total organic revenue growth. In addition, we're now including organic revenue growth by revenue type, specifically residential, commercial and termite. We believe this will bring further transparency to our revenue growth measurements. Also, we are including a slide deck on our website, which presents the numbers we discuss within the earnings call presentation. To view the deck, please go to rollins.com, click on news and events, then presentation. We realized we are going over a lot of information today and believe this will give you a resource to review what everything that we have covered. So now on to the numbers, our fourth quarter revenues of $600 million was an increase of 11.9% actual exchange rate growth, 8.9% organic. For the constant exchange rate, the total revenue growth percentage is calculated to 11% with an 8.1% organic. For the full year 2021, revenues of $2.4 billion with an increase of 12.2% over full year 2020, 9.5% organic. The constant exchange rate, total revenue growth for 2021 equaled 11.4%, 8.7% organic. As mentioned previously, residential commercial and termite all grew double digits this quarter over the same quarter last year. What Jerry did not tell you was that all three also grew double digits for the full year 2021 over 2020. For the fourth quarter growth over last year, residential grew 11.9%, 8.4% organic. Commercial grew 11.4%, 9.3% organic. Lastly, we have termite which grew 13.6% with 10.1% organic. For the full year 2021 over 2020, residential grew 12.9%, 10% organic, commercial grew 10.2%, 7.4% organic and we closed that with termite at 14.3% growth, 11.9% organic. Now to our income, for the fourth quarter and year to date, we are presenting adjusted EBITDA for comparison purposes due to the one time super vesting of our late chairman's stock grants in the third quarter of 2020. The impact of our gain on sale of several of our Clark properties in the first six months of 2021 and our recorded accrual related to the potential settlement of the SEC matter in the third and fourth quarters of 2021. Fourth quarter adjusted 2021 EBITDA was $122.2 million or 11.2% over 2020. Fourth quarter 2021 adjusted EPS was $0.14 per diluted share or 7.7% improvement over 2020. For the full year 2021, our adjusted EBITDA with $546.4 million or 20.1% over last year. Year to date 2021 adjusted EPS was $0.68 per diluted share or 25.9% over 2020. For fourth quarter 2021, gross margin increased 50.4% or one tenth of a point over last year. That was after overcoming our strong headwinds of fleet expenses, specifically fuel in the amount of 4.5 million and termite M&F for $2.7 million. Sales, general and administrative fourth quarter 2021 margins increased 1.6 over last year. This was driven by the increase in sales salaries mentioned by Jerry, along with the increased SEC accrual. Without these two items, our SG&A fourth quarter margin presented an improvement over fourth quarter 2020. Related to the SEC potential settlement, we recorded an accrual of $5 million in Q4. This was in addition to the $3 million we previously accrued in the third quarter. These amounts are not tax deductible for state or federal taxes. The company continues to cooperate with SEC and working towards a final resolution. During the year we completed significant remediation efforts including the addition of a chief accounting officer, SEC attorney and SEC external reporting director. Also, we reevaluated and strengthened our internal controls over financial reporting while improving processes, procedures and related supporting documentation, including those related to management's judgment and estimates. Now for a few notes regarding our cash flow, our dividends full year 2021 for $208.7 million or an increase of 30% over 2020 while cash used for acquisitions declined 5.8% to $139 million for 2021. We ended the current period with a $105.3 in cash of which $78.1 million was held by our foreign subsidiary. As you've probably noted over time, our foreign cash held has increased with the exception of used for acquisitions. We're in the process of restructuring our foreign entities to make cash from foreign operations, more readily available. This should be completed later in 2022. Now to free cash flow, for the fourth quarter of 2021, our free cash was $88.9 million or a decrease of 0.8% over last year. The decline was due to a capital expenditure increase from upgrading our data center facility as part of our cybersecurity initiative. Full year free cash flow was $395 million or decrease of $41 million. This decline was primarily due to the $30 million 2020 Cares Act taxes paid in 2021 and a $32 million gain from the sale of the Clark properties, the latter of which is an operating cash reconciling item. Last, I am happy to share that yesterday our board of directors approved a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share that will be paid on March 10, 2022 to shareholders of record at the close of business, February 10, 2022. This represents the 25% increase of the March 2021 regular cash dividend paid out. The dividend increase reflects our strong performance in 2021 and that accentuates our financial strength, our solid capital position and the board's confidence and our outlook for continued growth. Gary, I'll turn it back to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. We're happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator instructions] Our first question is coming from Tim Mulrooney of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim Mulrooney: John. Thanks for that excellent history of your termite service.
John Wilson: You're welcome.
Tim Mulrooney: A couple questions on organic growth. So, the first one, on your commercial pests organic growth, it picked up in the fourth quarter, despite a more difficult comparison with last year. Can you talk a little bit more about your commercial pest business, what's maybe helping drive that acceleration? All else equal, we kind of expected your commercial business to continue to normalize back towards your historical range, but instead it picked up a little bit here. So just curious, what's going on?
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry, Tim. A lot of the commercial sales growth is a result of the investment that we've made in the staffing. We saw an opportunity to capitalize on the rebound and we began upstaffing in that amongst our commercial sales team over a year ago during when things were still rough, we were investing in the business and getting people up to speed and ramped up so that we would be ready for the rebound and we've just basically been able to capitalize on that.
John Wilson: Yeah, Tim, and this is John. I might add that our commercial sales success was driven by both categories. And when I say both, I mean, local sales efforts, that's our local branches with feed on the street, adding accounts, but also our national accounts and I'm going off of memory. So forgive me if I'm off a little bit, but our national account sales effort for December was up some 50% or close to it. That indicates a lot of business being let out forbid to start the new year. But we were up in that one little month for by 50%. So pretty pleased with that.
Tim Mulrooney: That's really helpful color. Thanks guys. And I apologize for this next question, but there's a lot of numbers and perhaps misinformation being thrown around right now. So I just want to clarify. You guys revised your organic growth estimates. For the first half of 2021, you gave us that excellent table in your press release and you revised it to exclude all acquisitions, not just the significant acquisitions and by our math, it looks like the difference between the old definition of organic growth and the new definition is about 1% for the first half of 2021, the only periods in which we have both numbers. Is that also how you see it, that those bolt-ons added about one percentage point to revenue growth and do you think that that's a typical thing?
Julie Bimmerman: I'd say that yes, I'd agree to your numbers and what you're saying on that front. A lot of it, as far as typical, it honestly depends on the, how many acquisitions are closing. When are they closing? What are the sizes of the acquisitions closing? So know it is not always, the 1% there's many times when it is lower. The only time when we see anything that would be high would be a large acquisition, like, Clark.
John Wilson: Yeah, I would add that it, maybe it was typical for this year, Tim, but it's not always like that. So, we just -- we just never know. I think the benefit is -- kind of it with all extracted. Now it gives us a clearer picture.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mario Cortellacci of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi. Really appreciate the time. I guess my question is just around your labor availability. And forgive me if I misheard it at the beginning of the call, but I know you added some color around maybe your completions, but maybe you can just talk to how the labor availability is impacting the business and how you guys are working through it. Is this just something where you're, you're obviously paying these people more, but maybe you can also talk about the impact, the higher wages for the service of the business could potentially have on 2022 margins?
John Wilson: So Mario, let me take a stab at it first. And maybe Jerry will have something to add. So you'll recall in previous quarters as this was maybe a building issue. We talked about most of our pay plans are productivity driven. So the more work they produce, the more they earn. And so while we're certainly turning over more than our norm our people are still pretty well paid and we are getting the more placed. And so getting to the lion share of our work, we have very little of it that's fallen through the cracks. So no doubt, it's a tough environment. Our people, I've used the term turnover, a lot of rocks before our people are having to turn over a lot of rocks to find new people. But as we talked about in our leadership meeting, that Jerry referenced week, the best course of action is not to lose them in the first place, right? Keep them engaged, keep them happy and not lose them. And then you're not bearing that cost of replacing them. So we are seeing some inflation pressure on a few of our jobs, and most notably our termite service technicians, those are, are typically hourly and we've had to up our pay rates in some markets, but, but we're still getting people and we're getting to, to the line, share of our work.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would add as you look, as we look forward to 2022, we're really emphasizing to our managers about how much more time they need to spend on recruiting efforts as it's, if it may be that we have to spend as a hiring manager, you may have to spend two hours of your day, every day, focused on recruiting and hiring and on-boarding efforts. It's really an adjustment of how our managers have to spend our time in this changing environment. And that's a big part of what we look at and that's our -- that's a big part of our solution to how we handle this in the coming year.
Mario Cortellacci: Yeah. And I think you guys have done a good job with managing cost and seeing margin expansion through different points in the cycle. But I guess just for 2022 and I understand that you guys don't guide, but just thinking about 2022, do you guys think you can continue the same type of historical performance with margin expansion?
John Wilson: That's certainly our expectation.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. And then just the,
Jerry Gahlhoff: I'm sorry, go ahead. I was just to say that, this is Jerry. I said, that's what -- that's what we strive to do; Always looking to get better.
Mario Cortellacci: Okay. And then just the last one from me you guys have obviously heard about the large deal going on in the space whether it gets completed or it doesn't get completed, but if it go through and I guess just maybe how are you guys thinking about the impact, the competition within the space? I don't know if execution on their side creates opportunity for you, does a larger player impact your ability to win new business. Obviously you guys have invested in your Salesforce heavily over the past year, but and that probably sets you up better, but any thoughts around kind of the competitive dynamics and how they shift if the deal goes through?
Gary Rollins: Well we we've been competing with, both concerns. We think that there's going to be a lot of work to be done on with a merger of that size, which really provides opportunity. As the term oil really has typically generated turnover as far as customers are concerned. And certainly employees are concerned many will enjoy the new relationships, but others will not. So we look at it as it, an opportunity, but that doesn't really take our eye off of our business. Cause in the end that's really what matters.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah. Mr. Rollins at the end of the, we haven't spent a lot of time talking about it, have we? It's -- it is not been high on our radar screen. We focus on what we do and getting the results that we get, and that's where we put our efforts.
Gary Rollins: And it works.
Jerry Gahlhoff: That's right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ashish Sabra of RBC Markets, please go ahead.
Ashish Sabra: Thanks for taking my question. There was a reference to a rate card increase for the termite business. I was wondering if you could talk about how the pricing is trending and is there an opportunity to flex higher than your traditional 1% to 2% as we go into 2022? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: The beauty of -- this is Jerry. The beauty of a rate card increases that unlike just a price increase to a recurring customer is that we can adjust that with a lot of flexibility in fairly real time. So if we saw a material increase in cost by X percent, we can, and pretty quickly in our rate card, moving forward, just increase our entire rate card to cover those that increase in expenses or whatever we deem necessary. And we can use the same, not only in materials and supplies, but also if we're experiencing some labor challenges or whatever, we can make those adjustments and usually make those adjustments within a week or so of us doing the analysis and figuring that out. So it's a little bit different than our recurring, like say as control or some sort of contract based revenue, price increase. It's a different model.
Ashish Sabra: That's really helpful color. Maybe if I can just ask a quick follow up on that point itself. Can you just talk about which all businesses have cards? I, you, you obviously mentioned the termite but there what are other businesses where you may also have a similar rate card?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Everything has a right card.
John Wilson: If we acquire a business that doesn't, we put one in pretty quickly. We want to bring structure and kind of logic to our pricing and everything we do,
Gary Rollins: John that's how, yeah, this is Gary, if I could add over the years, we've gotten fairly sophisticated in our rate cards and our price increases and so forth. It sounds like it's pretty simple, but we look at where the customer is currently, what they're currently charging when they've last had an increase the market, the competition and so forth. So, I think John made a great point. That's probably the first thing that we really address when we do make an acquisition. Typically competitors are, are slow to raise their rates. And we were historically, I mean, we had the same situation, but as we increased rates over the years and added the sophistication and data we've been and good at it. And it's really a margin contributor when we buy a Company
Ashish Sabra: That's very helpful color. And if I could ask my second question around as you talked about the, in some of the inflationary or the employee turnover is is affecting everyone in the industry, obviously Orkin's given your brand a strong brand presence. You've been able to manage it much better versus maybe the long tail and given how fragmented the best control industry is, it potentially might be affecting the private players or the smaller players a lot more than Orkin's. And so my question there was how that help Orkin's, does that help you in terms of your growth potential, but also does it -- has that been a positive tailor from a M&A perspective? Does it open up more opportunities for M&A as some of these private or smaller players are unable to handle these inflationary pressures? Thanks.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry. There's no doubt that the Orkin brand and the brand presence, the amount of marketing you see on television, on various social media, how they go to market, has helped their employment brand as well, to make them that Employer of Choice in our industry. And certainly they -- I'm not saying they have an easier, easy time, but they have maybe a little bit of an easier time because they do have such a strong brand and such strong brand recognition from an employment standpoint. There's certainly that, that type of tailwind that they get, there's no doubt, compared to say a, a small Mom-and-Pop Company, something along those lines. We, we definitely have some advantages there.
Ashish Sabra: That's helpful. And then just, if you could talk about the M&A, how is that helpful helping you from an M&A perspective you are of the ability to acquire some of these smaller private companies, which may be struggling with this inflation of the environment?
John Wilson: Yeah. So this, this is John. What I would say to that is that may be certainly a factor in their decision making kind of process to sell or not sell. I think what we saw last year, more than anything was concern over taxes and what was going to happen with that. So, I would think that that say that was a bigger factor.
Ashish Sabra: That's very helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi everybody. Thank you for taking the questions this morning. So, mine comes back to growth and will you share and help us understand what composes the underlying organic growth and in a perfect world to be by line of business, but can you give us a sense of how we should think about breaking up the growth and between price, new customer ads, cross selling and where I'm going with that is you, the underlying industry growth, every on all the rate the trade groups, what have you say it's 5% roughly. So you've been growing substantially organically, substantially greater than that. Now for several years, you're not little as a Company. I'm trying to understand where's that sustainability of that, is it at the high-end a 100% or does it start easing back towards more like 50% and why?
John Wilson: So, Michael, this is John. Let me kind of take a stab at what you're asking and then we'll go from there. So I'll start with the termite business. And we had kind of been in a long slow slide in terms of our termite customer base had been going down for many years. Part of that was by design. As we experienced some of the termite claims issues, that I mentioned that the -- during my piece, we moved the mix of, of business. So, we were up over 20% when that started. And I think we're now at around 17 for termite, but our termite customer base has started increasing. The last two years, we're adding to our customer base. And so that's, driving a big piece of it there as new customers, as it is in all of our segments. We're adding we added I forget the number exactly from 2020, but some, 60,000 new customers for our residential pest control group just in, or, and alone. And, the same has happening for commercial. So the lion share is, is of new with new customer additions. Keeping them just the [indiscernible] longer, always helps as well. And then we're still kind of historically at that 1% or so that we can point to and say, it's price. Anything to add Jerry, I don't…
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would say if you're looking at the, the difference, what the difference is, it's really when you're improved your customer retention rate, and you are adding customers at a higher rates than you had historically, then you get the kind of growth that we get. Those are the main drivers.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, fair enough. And, I get the investment in people and training and what you've done to make this a better run business. How long can you sustain that wide of a gap to the underlying market growth?
Jerry Gahlhoff: We're going to keep trying, we're going to keep working on it.
John Wilson: Hey, Michael, we, our plan for 2022 is built on doing better than what we did in '21. So, we don't, we don't know, I guess it's probably the easy answer, but it's certainly our intention to keep chipping at it.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then Gary, you did make an in, I think it was Gary made an inference that you thought taxes drove M&A, so taxes have been put to bed. I think it would appear that we've pretty much got gridlocks. So do you expect the pace to slow or does the challenges around labor and inflation and what have you create an incremental catalyst and therefore the M&A outlook remains as promising is it was in '21?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yeah, Michael. So that was me, that John didn’t mentioned that. And you're right. I mean, as the year wore on it got less and less maybe certain that that tax law would change. Hopefully, hopefully we're at gridlock with it. I and that, and on that subject but, but it may well happen that, that some of the other challenges, whether it's just the day to day running the business and the costs, different things, that's inflation, that's going on and buying products or whatever. They'll all add up to a continued acquisition market. We think that's kind of the case.
Gary Rollins: And we started the year out with acquisition potential deals in the hopper. So that's a good sign as well.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you. We appreciate your support and interest in Rollins. Before we close, I'd like to share that Dr. Tom Lawley has decided to retire from service on our board at the end of his current firm, on behalf of our board and our entire team and myself, we'd like to recognize and thank Dr. Lawley for everything that he's done for our organization over the last 16 years. I don't believe he's ever missed a meeting. And his contribution's mirror is distinction distinguished service with Emory. Tom, you will be missed. Rollins is excited about our opportunities for growth in 2022. And we look forward to sharing our progress during our first quarter conference call in April. Thank you again,
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Rollins Inc Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. at this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Joe Calabrese. Thank you. You may begin.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you. By now you could have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin 1 hour after the call and run for 1 week. The replay can be accessed by dialing (844) 512-2921 with the pass code 13723477. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and speaking are John Wilson, Vice Chairman; Jerry Gahlhoff, Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer; and Julie Bimmerman, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. John, would you like to begin?
John Wilson: Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2021 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we will begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discussions -- or sorry, discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that will be made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
John Wilson: Thank you, Julie. Before we begin, I am sure you have noticed that Gary is not on today's conference call. He is actively rehabbing from a knee replacement operation. And while he is recovering quickly, he is doing very well. He's just not in a position to physically join us today. We wish Gary well with his physical therapy and look forward to having him rejoin us on future calls. During the third quarter, we achieved some very strong business results, and Jerry will go over those with you shortly. In the interim, I wanted to share news of the latest addition to our Rollins Board of Directors. As you already know, over the previous year, we have enhanced and diversified that group with several new members. I am very pleased to announce our latest addition is Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer, Jerry Gahlhoff. This is in recognition of his strong leadership and his deep commitment to the company's long-term success. We are proud to have Jerry serving on our Board moving forward. Jerry is an important part of the Rollins leadership team, and his in-depth knowledge of our business and experience gained from working in our industry since 1991 adds perspective. We're fortunate to have him assume a greater role in the direction and future of our company. Before turning the call over to Jerry, I have 2 items to first update you on. The first will represent a recent development in Rollins' environmental, social and governance commitment. We take very seriously the responsibility that we have to the communities in which we work and live. As a recent example, we're pleased to share that Rollins has made an in-kind donation originally costing $4.6 million worth of Personal Protective Equipment, or PPE, items during the third quarter. Working with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and several philanthropic organizations, including the Friends of Disabled Adults and Children, the Foundation of Hope Food Bank as well as Cope Preparedness in Los Angeles, we donated 27 pallets or 6.8 million pieces of masks, gloves and other items. In addition to achieving the successful execution of our strategies as well as solid business results, we also have a responsibility to the communities in which we work and live. EFC is a facet of our business is becoming more and more important to us. We are proud to support these initiatives. Last, as we have previously disclosed, the company has been responding to an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In accordance with accounting standard ASC 450, we have established a reserve related to this matter, which we consider immaterial. Given that the investigation is ongoing, we cannot answer any questions during our Q&A, but we remain focused on resolving this inquiry. With that, I will turn our call over to Jerry.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thank you, John. Good morning, everybody. We're very pleased with our third quarter results. Revenue increased 11.4% to $650.2 million compared to $583.7 million for the third quarter of last year. Our net income totaled $93.9 million or $0.19 per diluted share compared to $79.6 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the same period in 2020. Julie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly. Revenues for the first 9 months of 2021 were $1.824 billion, an increase of 12.2% compared to $1.625 billion for the same period last year. Net income for the first 9 months increased 44% to $285.3 million or $0.58 per diluted share compared to $198.2 million or $0.40 per diluted share for the comparable period last year. For the quarter, we experienced solid growth in all our business lines with residential increasing 11.7% and termite presenting 15% growth over the third quarter 2020. Additionally, commercial, excluding fumigation, delivered an impressive 10.1% growth over the third quarter last year. This is also an improvement of 7.9% growth over 2 years ago when we were not experiencing COVID-related shutdowns. Overall, we are pleased with our performance. Rollins remains well positioned for the remainder of the year and into 2022 Looking deeper at our operating results, we're attracting customers to all our services and brands. And one area I'd like to focus on today is our continued strong growth in our wildlife service offerings. Trutech Wildlife joined the Rollins family in 2010, followed by Critter Control in 2015. Since 2010, the business has grown 800%. Day-to-day operations of operating a wildlife control business is quite different than running a typical pest and termite business, and we are proud to have a dedicated team focused on this much needed service. Originally concentrated in the Southeastern United States, the business has expanded across the nation as well as into Canada. And with Critter Control's expansion into Canada, it's Rollins' first brand to enter an international country without acquiring another business as a platform. The Wildlife division also operates a thriving franchise system. There are currently 84 franchises with the most recent franchise launching in Mansfield, Ohio. We anticipate finishing the year with 12 new franchises, one of our strongest years in adding franchisees. We have also been fortunate to add 9 former corporate employees as franchisees, employees who have an entrepreneurial drive and a passion for wildlife and customer service have multiple career path opportunities, be it ownership of the franchise or growth within our company. We believe there is meaningful opportunity for continued growth in our Wildlife business and look forward to updating you in the quarters ahead. I'd now like to discuss Hurricane Ida. Our hearts go out to our Gulf Coast region and those that were affected by the hurricane. But I must admit we are inspired by our team in that area. They implemented an amazing plan that helped our team members and alleviate the negative impact of the storm. I have shut down several of our branches for days, but 2 locations were shut down for about 2 weeks. The impact to our employees in the days following the storm was far worse than the impact to our business in the quarter. Thankfully, all of our employees in the area were safe, yet they did need assistance. Through the Rollins Employee Relief Fund, we granted 137 emergency grants to impacted employees within the first week following the hurricane to enable employees to address their personal essential needs. Since then, another 7 employees who endured greater hardships received full grants to address their more significant needs. Additionally, our Orkin South Central division, led by Leland Morris, quickly initiated a preparedness and mitigation plan to assist our team members. This included immediate procurement of much needed supplies for our employees and their families, such as generators, fuel, portable air conditioners, fans, water and other essential emergency provisions that were not readily accessible to them locally. Our team members in adjacent areas that were fortunate to avoid the brunt of Ida's force volunteered their time and energy, often after work hours, to load these supplies into box trucks and drive them to those most in need. For weeks, they continue to shuttle fuel to these employees to keep their generators up and running. This was a total team effort, and we are tremendously proud of their care, compassion and commitment to one another. In fact, we're so pleased with their effort that we plan to expand and formalize this program in other areas of the country so that we can rapidly respond in case of a natural disaster or emergency. Now let me turn the call over to Julie to discuss our financials.
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, Jerry. As we measure our performance and think about how to best articulate Rollins' business in the future, along with what routine questions we received from the investment community, we will now be presenting 3 additional measurements quarterly moving forward. The first is a measure we have referred to periodically and that is EBITDA, or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Due to our consistent high volume of acquisitions and hence, high amortization expense related to these acquisitions, presenting EBITDA regularly will provide a clearer picture of our operation's ongoing financial performance. Think about this, over the last 3 years, we have averaged 30 acquisitions per year. Next, we will begin presenting our revenue growth through both constant exchange rate and actual exchange rate. By utilizing historical baseline revenues for acquisitions betted through the due diligence process, we were able to include all acquisitions within the calculations, both stand-alone and tuck-in. This will bring clarity and consistency to both our acquisition and our organic revenue growth measurements. Third, we'll be providing you with our free cash flow. We believe that this will properly illustrate Rollins' strong ability to generate cash. We have taken a simple approach to defining free cash flow, which is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities, less purchase of equipment and property. Our hope is that these measurements will enable investors to better assess our operating performance in the future and provide a deeper view of our business. We have included GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations on each of these metrics on our earnings press release published this morning. So on to the numbers. Our third quarter revenues of $650.2 million was an increase of 11.4% over last year. Of the 11.4% actual exchange rate revenue growth, acquisition growth was 2.2% and organic equated to 9.2%. For the constant exchange rate, the growth percentages calculated within the hundreds of the actual exchange growth rate, therefore, presented the same. For the 9 months ended September 2021, revenues of $1.824 billion was an increase of 12.12 percentage over year-to-date 2020. Of this actual exchange rate, total revenue growth of 2 -- or excuse me, of 12.2%, 2.7% was related to acquisitions and 9.5% organic growth. The constant year-to-date exchange rate total revenue growth for 2021 equaled 11.6%, 2.7% represented acquisitions and 8.9% organic revenue growth. As Jerry pointed out, residential, commercial and termite all grew double digits this quarter over the same quarter last year. So in determining my focus for today, I decided to take Jerry's lead and discuss Wildlife, yet I'm discussing specifically company-owned Wildlife operations. For the third quarter in 2021, Wildlife revenues grew 24.1% over last year. And year-to-date, Wildlife has presented an overall revenue growth of 27.6%. What makes this particularly impressive is that this is after their strong growth of 20.4% last year. So similar to our residential pest control, Wildlife did not feel a negative impact to revenue growth during the pandemic. So way to go to the Wildlife team. Now on to our income. For the third quarter and year-to-date, we are presenting adjusted EBITDA for comparison purposes due to the onetime super busting of our late Chairman stock grant in the third quarter of 2020 and the impact of our gain on sale of several of our Clark properties in the first 6 months of 2021. The third quarter 2021 EBITDA was $150.9 million or 8.7% over 2020 third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $138.9 million. Third quarter 2021 EPS was $0.19 per diluted share or 5.6% improvement over the 2020 third quarter adjusted EPS. For the 9 months ended September 2021, our adjusted EBITDA was $421.2 million or 22.1% over last year's adjusted EBITDA of $344.9 million. Year-to-date, 2021 adjusted EPS was $0.53 per diluted share or 26.2% over last year. For the third quarter 2021, gross margin increased to 53% or 0.4% over last year. Strong improvements in our materials and supplies were negatively offset by high overall fleet costs, primarily from an increase in fuel of approximately $4 million over third quarter 2020 and lower vehicle gains of $900,000 compared to last year. Sales, general and administrative third quarter margin increase over last year was strongly impacted by the PPE donations and the SEC accrual previously mentioned by John. Travel expenses have also increased $1.3 million in the third quarter as we have begun to lift our company travel restrictions. Amortization expenses for the third quarter 2021 increased $1.4 million due to the amortization of customer contracts from multiple acquisitions. This was offset by a decrease in depreciation of $201,000 due to the sale of owned vehicles and centralizing of IT function. Overall, this equated to a 5.1% increase in depreciation and amortization over the third quarter 2020. Our dividends paid year-to-date 2021 was $119.7 million or an increase of 30.4% over last year. We ended the current period with $117.7 million in cash, of which $73.6 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. So this brings us to the final of our new 3 measurements, free cash flow. For the third quarter of 2021, our free cash flow was $72.9 million or a decrease of 27.5% over the same quarter last year. For the 9 months ended 2021, our free cash flow equals $278.9 million or 13.6% decrease over year-to-date 2020. This fluctuation occurred due to the deferral of $30.3 million in FICA taxes payable in 2020 as allowed under the CARES Act. These associated taxes were then remitted in September of 2021. We hope that the discussion of these new measurements, you will receive a greater clarity while reviewing our financial performance. Lastly, I want to discuss that yesterday, we were extremely pleased to announce that our Board has approved a 25% increase to our dividend. The quarterly dividend increased $0.10 -- to $0.10 per share from $0.08 per share and will be paid on December 10, 2021, to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 10, 2021. Additionally, the Board also approved a special dividend of $0.08 to be paid on December 10, 2021, as well. The dividend increase reflects our strong performance in the first 9 months of the year and underscores our financial strength, our solid capital position and the Board's confidence in our outlook for continued growth. John, I'll turn it back to you.
John Wilson: Thank you, Julie. We are happy to take any questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: John, Jerry and Julie, good morning. Thanks for taking my question and sending my best to Gary on a quick recovery. So yes, just 2 questions for me. The first one, Julie, I apologize if I missed it, but did you give organic growth by segments in the prepared remarks?
Julie Bimmerman: No, we did not. We just gave the organic on the overall.
Tim Mulrooney: Is it a change in policy for the company now that you won't be providing that? That's been pretty critical in terms of us understanding how the company is performing.
Julie Bimmerman: At this point, with our change, we're trying to give you additional clarity by giving a very clean organic and the acquisition growth numbers. So we will be staying for here for now.
Tim Mulrooney: And I did want to confirm that because I know that's been an area of focus. The organic number this quarter excludes all acquisitions, both large and bolt-on?
Julie Bimmerman: Yes, 100%. All acquisitions are excluded.
Tim Mulrooney: My next question is on margins. EBITDA margin contracted, I think, about 60 basis points year-over-year and 140 basis points sequentially. Can you talk about the primary factors that caused that 140 basis point contraction from the second quarter to the third quarter of this year? I have to imagine that it's probably labor related because I don't think materials and supplies are a large enough component of your COGS to really cause us much of a headwind. But I wanted to get your thoughts on that.
Julie Bimmerman: I'm going to go ahead and kick this first to Jerry, and then I'll see if I want to add anything on to that.
Jerry Gahlhoff: The biggest headwind we had, Tim, this is Jerry, in the quarter, was fuel prices. Fuel expense was up significantly. We were able to manage the labor part pretty well. From -- as a percentage of revenue, labor wasn't as big of a deal. So we just had higher fleet expenses probably more than anything. John, what would you add to that? Anything?
John Wilson: Yes. I would second the labor part. I mean our labor as increase a percentage of revenue was -- one of the ways we track it, Tim, is our expenses growing less fast than our revenue, and that's always a focus for our operations. And labor was -- grew less than that 11% revenue increase.
Tim Mulrooney: No, that's really good color. I appreciate that. Can you remind me what percent of your sales typically fuel represents?
Julie Bimmerman: Well, we don't break out the fuel specifically. We keep that buried into our fleet number as you well know. So also think about it's not only the fuel increasing, as you said, the $4 million. But we're also talking about the increase because we had fewer vehicle gains this quarter as well, just under $1 million on that as well.
John Wilson: I think in our prepared remarks, Julie said $4 million in increased fuel cost, Tim. And as you know, we've had active routing and scheduling efforts for several years. With 1 million stops per month or more, without that effort and the reduced miles per stop that our field teams are achieving, it would have been worse.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Cortellacci with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Mario Cortellacci: Just kind of piggybacking off of the margin part of it. Maybe you can just give us a sense for how pricing is running right now. I think last quarter, you guys said that you could flex it up above the 1% to 2% historical range to help offset some of the cost pressures. But is there any lag in there, like the fuel side of the equation? The receivable? Or the fleet side of the equation? Or is the pricing running hot and just helping offset maybe some of the labor pressures?
John Wilson: So you broke up a little bit on part of that. We've not taken any real extraordinary pricing action as a whole. As we talked about previously, many of our -- the vast majority of our people are paid on a productivity pay plan. So any sort of impact to wage inflation doesn't really reflect. What we do, do is use our call center team and our close rates and our branches to sort of evaluate do we have room in pricing. And then that's been a sort of effort that we've always looked at. But if our close rates in a particular market are trending well above the norm, then that tells us we have room for pricing increasing, no matter that the economic or concerns that are going on, right? And conversely, if it goes the other way, we have the same -- then we would take maybe a different action.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. The call center has a lot of ability to look at data real time and make those adjustments to what they're selling, how they're selling it, what the demand is like and adjusting price based on that. But we also did implement our annual price increase this summer just as our core price increase that helps offset some of those costs. But certainly, the fuel is certainly the most impacted component of that this past quarter.
Mario Cortellacci: And then just more of a housekeeping issue. I guess with the new organic growth disclosure, are you guys going to provide any historical so that we have some context in how things have trended? Or -- and then also, I guess, within the quarter, can you give us any context within how ready and commercial trended relative to the corporate average? Was resi slowing, commercial slowing? Is it continuing to pick up or commercial accelerating? Just any kind of context there would be helpful.
Julie Bimmerman: Well, basically, it's what we're getting down to the new numbers. We're going to -- we put these new measurements in place from this point on and will be going forward. So as of today, we told you how this growth relates to, obviously, Q3 of last year, so we gave you from that perspective. But we are not planning at this point to go back and give historical numbers. So hopefully, that makes sense from that standpoint.
Mario Cortellacci: And then can you help with the resi and commercial trend within the quarter just so that we can gauge how each is performing?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would say -- this is Jerry. Residential remains strong. I mean it's been real consistent all the way from the pandemic to now, it remains strong. The commercial function appears to have completely rebounded and, again, is doing well. I would probably see some acceleration on the termite side. And so there's really a lot of positive things going on in our termite and ancillary services across the board. And that's been probably a more important growth driver for us in the third quarter. But all are really strong and continue to trend in positive direction.
Operator: Next question comes from Ashish Sabra with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ashish Sabra: Just a follow-up on the resi side. I was wondering if you can talk about the sales momentum coming out of the key summer selling season. And maybe a related question is also on the retention side, how retention has been tracking, particularly again on the resi side with -- like as people relocating post summer as well as return to office?
Julie Bimmerman: I'll jump in and then you can add anything if you want to. So on the residential side, still very strong. As we said, we were sitting there with an 11.7% increase over Q3 of last year. And just to bring you around that, if you think about it, last summer, we still had a 10.5% increase on our resi. So residential was -- we did not see a decline last year like many businesses did or like we did on our commercial side. So the level -- that double-digit increase was on top of the double-digit increase last year. So from that standpoint, it is still running very strong. On the -- we have not seen any strong fluctuations on our retention this quarter. Is there anything else, John or Jerry, you would like to add to that?
John Wilson: No. Frankly, Ashish, I've been a little bit surprised and pleased in our team's ability to handle the load that we've put on them with the new customer influx over the summer and the increasing customers that we added over this last year. Our 2 primary measurements are customer sat for the near term or the medium term. And then our customer retention is more of a lagging indicator. And both have remained relatively steady.
Ashish Sabra: That's very helpful color and good to hear that. Maybe if I can just ask a question on the technology rollout. I was wondering if you could provide an update on how the Phase 1 and 2 are progressing and as well as the timing of the launch for Phase 3 and 4.
John Wilson: Do you want to handle that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: I can. This is Jerry. So we are very heavily focused on adoption in the field of the phases that we're in and different operations in the field or different phases of -- or different, I guess, maturity levels of adoption. John often describes it like a baseball game and what inning we're in. And we're still -- there's still an awful lot of upside there for us to drive utilization. And with this increase that we're seeing in fuel, there's a lot more desire to get that done and increase the adoption along the way. So we still have plenty of runway in that regard to doing that. And we're continuing to see incremental improvements. And that's what we're all about is continuous improvement and getting better all the time. But we still have a long way to go.
Julie Bimmerman: And I'll just back to John's analogy that Jerry referenced to on the baseball is we said that we're still in the early sides of the game, early
Jerry Gahlhoff: The early sides of the game?
Julie Bimmerman: Sorry, the early innings, early innings.
Jerry Gahlhoff: They must think we're playing football.
Julie Bimmerman: Well, okay.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Just an inning. It's okay.
John Wilson: Yes, well
John Wilson: Go ahead.
Ashish Sabra: Sorry, go ahead.
John Wilson: What I might add to that, our field leaders have adopted a sort of a mantra of, "You bought it, now utilize it." So we've got a ton of technology that our IT team has done a great job in delivering to our end users. And we're really kind of pushing the mindset if you bought it, you're paying for it, now let's use it. And so that's what we're really working on in 2021.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Hoffman: John and Jerry, Julie, and to pass on my best to Gary, rehab is challenging. On the organic growth, can you help us understand what's in it then? As you think about -- if you took [9.2%] and so it’s approximately excess new customers, excess price, excess cross-selling?
Julie Bimmerman: It's very similar to what it was in the past. So I think just on very broad average, 1% to 2% would be the price increase. And then we do say the rest is a combination of new customers with additional sales to existing customers. We don't break out that part, but just take out your price increase.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then on price, you've historically had a fuel surcharge, if I remember correctly. So are you
John Wilson: Michael, this is John. We've never added a fuel surcharge. Well, I said never. We may have at one time and found out that it really takes our customers off -- And so then what do you do when it goes down and you have to get that back. So I shouldn't say never. But we may have one time, but we found out really quickly how that made our customers feel.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Then I stand corrected. And so how are you going to offset this inflation then?
John Wilson: The inflation of fuel, additional fuel?
Michael Hoffman: Yes, the fleet cost. The fleet cost pressure, how are you going to offset it?
John Wilson: Well, we'll keep pursuing the same mission we have with reducing miles were stop. And rounding our people more efficiently and as we add new customers then we of course improve gently. 
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. I was just going to expand on what John said. It just gets back to what we were talking about a few minutes ago is, literally, I mean, think about it, if we are in the early innings, did I say that correctly guys, early innings on the on our routing and scheduling and what we can bring in and lowering those miles per stop, I mean, we have a long -- now I'm going to change analogies here, I won't say a long runway, that would totally kill it with it. We have a long way to go on that. So this will definitely help offset, as John was saying, the fuel increases.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then lastly, where does Wildlife exist in the 3 line items, just so we understand what it's influencing.
Julie Bimmerman: It will be in whichever line item it occurs. The majority of the Wildlife would be on the residential.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Right. But if it was a commercial customer that needed that service, say, a grocery store, it would hit commercial. But if it was a residential homeowner, it would hit residential.
Julie Bimmerman: I'm just very familiar with it because I've used our Wildlife service before, flying squirrel.
Jerry Gahlhoff: So it's going to -- it would be a mix of those. But the majority of their business is certainly residential.
Julie Bimmerman: Michael, I just want to make one comment just so you know. That is the way we have always presented the Wildlife. So that is nothing new on how we do split that.
Michael Hoffman: Fair enough. Just needed to understand since you were emphasizing it, which part was being influenced by it.
Operator: Okay. We've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
John Wilson: Thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company. As you've heard during the past calls, we have several programs underway that will make our company better as well as improve our customers' experience and our financial results. We look forward to giving you an update on our fourth quarter and year-end call. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Rollings Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Joseph Calabrese. Thank you. You may begin.
Joseph Calabrese: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we'll send you a release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin 1 hour after the call and run for 1 week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 844-512-2921 with the passcode, 13720627. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Vice Chairman; Jerry Gahlhoff Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer; and Julie Bimmerman, our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2021 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and other SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. Before we get started, you probably noticed that Eddie Northen is not joining us today on the call. John Wilson will share with you more about that now.
John Wilson: Good morning. Yesterday, our Board of Directors appointed Julie Bimmerman, who many of you know, as our Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Eddie Northern has been moved into an operational role as Senior Vice President focused on sustainability. Julie has significant experience, both in finance and our industry as described in the press release we issued this morning. She has been with us since 2004, having most recently been Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Prior to joining Rollins, Julie worked in corporate accounting, internal audit and corporate tax audit role. She's known to many of you already and she will be available to analysts and institutional investors after the call as per usual. We also filed an 8-K updating developments in our SEC investigation this morning. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Now to the exciting news. I'm very pleased to report that Rollins delivered a strong financial performance in the second quarter, and we remain well-positioned for 2021. John will share with you our recent additions to our Board of Directors, while Jerry and Julie will give you details of our financial results shortly. These results were made possible by the continued dedication and contribution of our incredible field and corporate teams. We truly appreciate their customer focus that has generated a significantly higher than normal growth and profitability so far in 2021. Now let me turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Over the past year, we have enhanced and diversified Rollins' Board of Directors with several new additions. I'd like to spend a moment today welcoming our two newest Board members, Gregory Morrison and Donald Carson. As detailed in our May press releases, Greg was the former Chief Information Officer, who led the information technology operations for Cox Enterprises, and he will add cyber expertise to our Board. Don, having worked for many years in investment in commercial banking, including Wachovia Bank, brings a high level of knowledge and strategic financial transactions to the company. We're thrilled to add these individuals to the outstanding group of leaders on our Board, and we look forward to their counsel and contributions to our company. Now I will turn the call over to Jerry to provide an overview of the strong quarter just completed.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thanks, John. And good morning, everybody. As Orkin begins their 120th year of service, we thought it was an opportune time to spend a few minutes highlighting some of the recent successes of the brand. For those who have followed us over the years, you may recall that Orkin was acquired by Rollins in 1964 and as the original company that first started our venture into pest control. Today, Orkin remains our largest brand, employing over 8,000 team members and completing millions of services annually worldwide. Orkin is very involved in the communities they serve, maintaining a strong commitment to education, public health and environmental responsibility. From collaborations with the centers for disease control and prevention and major universities to their work with the National Science Teachers Association, Orkin fosters a deeper understanding and appreciation of the natural world around us. As we have previously shared with you over the past few years, Orkin has adopted new technologies, which has improved communications with customers, optimized routing and scheduling and increased technician efficiencies to name a few. Through the years, Orkin has grown, adding both new customers and new customer service offerings like bed bug, flea and tick, mosquito and most recently, VitalClean, our service designed to fight COVID-19. Overall, Orkin has significantly contributed to the long-term success of Rollins. As Gary mentioned earlier, we're very pleased with our results for the second quarter. Revenue increased 15.3% to $63.2 million compared to $553.3 million for the second quarter of last year. Net income grew to $98.9 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, compared to $75.4 million, or $0.15 per diluted share for the same period in 2020. Julie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly. For the quarter, we experienced solid growth in all our business lines with residential increasing 13.6% and termite 16.3% over second quarter 2020. Additionally, commercial, excluding fumigation delivered an impressive 17.4% growth over second quarter last year. This is also an improvement of 11.3% growth over 2 years ago when we weren't experiencing COVID-related shutdowns. As you may recall, last year, we thought it was prudent to forgo our annual price increase during the pandemic. Now encouraged by the economic recovery that's underway, we have rolled out our 2021 annual price increases at all our brands. Implemented at the end of the second quarter, we expect that we will see the benefits of these increases as we move throughout the remainder of the year. Additionally, we're especially pleased with our commercial pest control growth, which has not only benefited from the economy reopening, but also from our InSite commercial technology. Through the use of InSite, Orkin's web reporting tool, our commercial customers have the ability to monitor pest activity and treatments within their facilities, reduce service tickets and receive specific pest alert notifications. This allows for quality assurance checks to be easily completed at the customer level. It also gives the customer the ability to produce timely reporting as necessary for regulatory or third party audits. We get great feedback from customers on InSite and are confident that this feature will strengthen our relationships with commercial clients. Overall, we've made strong progress during the first six months of 2021. And as we look ahead, we are confident in our ability to continue driving growth and profitability in our business. Now let me turn the call over to Julie to discuss our financials.
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, Jerry. At Rollins, we are constantly looking for ways to improve in all areas of our business. As many of you know, continuous improvement is an important part of our culture. We have a lot of opportunity for the remainder of 2021. But I would like to recognize that the significant financial gains from this quarter are on top of the strong gains that we experienced during 2020. Even as we were all entering a different economic time back in Q2 of last year, our revenue grew at a steady 5.6%. That was converted into net income growth of 17.2%. Both of these 2020 numbers were at or above our historic averages. So for the second quarter 2021, as Jerry noted, all business lines presented strong revenue growth. Keys to the quarter included pricing strength, positively impacting revenue growth, continued mosquito service revenue improvement over 30% and commercial pest control revenue improving significantly. Additionally, for the first time, our mosquito service revenue has surpassed our bedbug revenue in this quarter was over 3% of our total revenue. Looking at the numbers. The second quarter revenues of $638.2 million was an increase of 15.3% over the prior year's second quarter revenue of $553.3 million. Our income before income taxes was $133.9 million, or 29.4% above 2020. Our net income was $98.9 million, up 31.2% compared to 2020. Our earnings per share were $0.20 per diluted share compared to $0.15 in 2020, or a 33.3% increase. As a reminder, we reported both GAAP and non-GAAP financials for the first quarter of 2021. The non-GAAP results were positively impacted by our gain on sales of several of our properties. For the first six months of 2021, revenues were $1.174 billion, which was an increase of 12.7% over the prior year's first six months revenue of $1.014 billion. Our GAAP income before income taxes was $253.8 million or 59.7% above 2020. Our GAAP net income was $191.5 million or 61.4%, compared to 2020. Our GAAP EPS or earnings per were $0.39 per diluted share compared to $0.24 per diluted share in 2020. Overall, like some companies that were negatively impacted by the pandemic, demand in most areas of our business in both 2020 and 2021 was strong. We maintained consistent revenue growth of 5.6% in 2020, followed by a healthy increase of 15.3% in 2021. It does not seem that pent up demand or stimulus checks have impacted our residential revenue growth, but rather a new awareness of pest needs based on more time spent at the home. It would be difficult to predict what these new demand levels will look like in the future, but we remain optimistic. Our total revenue increased for the quarter, up 15.3% and included 1.7% from significant acquisitions with the remaining 13.6% from pricing and new customer growth. Residential pest control made up 40% of our revenue; commercial pest control, 33%; and termite and other services made up approximately 21% of our revenue. In addition, our wildlife service continued to see strong double-digit growth. Again, total revenue less significant acquisitions, was up 13.6%. From that, residential was up 12.3%; commercial, excluding fumigation, increased 14.8%, and termite and ancillary grew by 14.9%. In total, our gross margin decreased to 53.3% from 53.8% in the prior year's quarter. Improvements were made in total payroll but were negatively offset by higher overall fleet costs and a write-down of inventory of $2.7 million related to our PPE, or personal protective equipment. We will continue to assess our fluctuating future needs and market value for our PPE in the coming quarters. In addition to our continued Orkin US mileage savings, our Orkin Canada and Western Pest brands are making progress regarding their BOSS and routing and scheduling implementation. Each company has improved their on-day and on-time delivery since the project started. These savings will help support improvements in our overall fleet cost in the future quarters. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased $1.4 million to $23.3 million, an increase of 6.3%. Amortization of intangible assets increased $1.3 million due to several acquisitions, including McCall Service in December 2020 and Adams Pest in Australia in July of last year. Sales, general and administrative expenses presented a 7.1% improvement for the quarter over 2020, decreasing from 30.9% of revenues to 28.7% of revenues in 2021. The quarter produced savings in administrative and sales salaries and benefits, as well as telephone savings from better negotiated contracts. As for our cash position, for the six months ending 6/30/2021, we spent $28.4 million on acquisitions compared to $56 million in the same period last year. We paid $79.7 million on dividends and had $13.2 million of CapEx compared to $12.4 million in 2020. We ended the period with $128.5 million in cash, of which $73.6 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Before I close out, I would like to mention our recent press release, where Rollins was named to the top 50 green fleet list as pushed by Automotive Fleets 2021 ranking. As part of our continuous improvement that I mentioned in my opening, we have lots of opportunity in the future in this area, but we are proud of this recognition by the industry. Yesterday, the Board of Directors approved a regular cash dividend of $0.08 per share that will be paid on September 10th, 2021, to stockholders of record at the close of business August 10th, 2021. Gary, I'll turn it back to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. And we're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim Mulrooney: Gary, John, Jerry, Julie, good morning. Thank you for taking the questions.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
John Wilson: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: So just a real quick housekeeping here. On the residential pest, can you give us those numbers again for total residential pest growth and organic? I think I missed that.
Julie Bimmerman: Okay.
Gary Rollins: Yes. You got that Julie?
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. Let me get that for you real quick, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. While you're looking that up, Julie, I'll just ask this next question to the broader group. This is my follow-up question. Last year, around this time, you guys highlighted the record level of new account sales, I think, particularly in residential. And I think that you had many all time record high new sales days throughout the quarter. Can you talk about how new account sales have trended through the second quarter of this year, now a year later? And how that compares to the really strong period that you had during the second quarter of last year? Thank you.
John Wilson: So Tim, this is John Wilson. I'll take a stab at that. Our brand that we best track and that is, of course, Orkin being our largest. And for the second quarter, that continued to be up again this year. But of course, not by near the – near the same record number, but we are improved over a year ago in new customer accounts.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Okay. Thanks very much. And Julie, were you able to get the residential organic growth and total growth?
Julie Bimmerman: Okay. Yes. So we're talking about the total growth and that may have [indiscernible] We actually had Jerry talk about the total, then I did talk about the organic, so from that standpoint. So for the quarter, we experienced the growth in residential increasing to 13.6%, the termite 16.3% and the commercial, excluding fume of 17.4%. You're listening?
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Got it. I'm with you.
Julie Bimmerman: Okay. I just wanted to make sure. And then - not a problem, not a problem. Just bear with me, Tim. This is new for me. And then talking on the organic side for the residential was the 12.3%, commercial, excluding fume 14.8%, and termite at the 14.9%.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, okay. Perfect. Thanks so much, Julie. Thank you everybody…
Julie Bimmerman: Yes. Thanks, Tim.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mario Cortellacci with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi. Thank you for the time. I guess maybe just asking Tim's question a slightly different way. I guess how much of your organic growth - or maybe you can help us understand the organic growth build-up this quarter of how much was new customers, how much was cross-sell or new products introduced to existing customers? Was there any improvement on retention that contributed to organic growth as well? And then it sounds like you turned pricing back on, was that still in like the 1% to 2% range for the quarter as well?
Julie Bimmerman: Okay. I will start on this and then anyone else, if you want to jump in feel free. First of all, on the pricing, we put in our normal price increase that we normally would have. So we did not do something additional because we held the price increase last year. So it would be within the normal ranges in answer to that. As to our retention rate, we have seen a consistent incremental growth on our retention over the last 5 years and still do see that trend continuing this year.
John Wilson: Yes. So I'll add on to that, Mario. This is John Wilson. Pricing amounted to about 1.2%, which is kind of in line with our historic norm of what pricing adds. And the real answer to your question is all of the above. So cross selling had a piece of that, we don't track what that may add. So I don't - I can't give you a number on that. Retention improved, as Julie mentioned. And then, of course, we did have an increase, again, as I mentioned a minute ago with Tim, on our new accounts added.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. Thank you. And then just, I guess, a follow-up on the pricing and maybe whatever inflation that could potentially show up. I have been following you guys as long as some other guys. But I don't know maybe what you've done historically in higher inflation environment. If we do see inflation or wage and labor inflation kind of rear its ugly head for you, would you go above that range, that historical 1% to 2% range, like you did 1.2% this quarter. If you're seeing wages really ramp a lot higher, you're finding it a lot harder to find talent over the following - over the next year, would you kind of flex that pricing up a little higher to offset the increased costs?
John Wilson: Yes. So we could. I mean, the market will, obviously, dictate what we can do. But we've always pointed to our call center that we have is a wonderful laboratory to test what our pricing elasticity is with our various close rates and what we're capable of getting there. So we would absolutely look at that, Mario. Right now, we don't feel a need to, but we'll take a look at it.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. And then just a quick housekeeping, and maybe I missed it in the prepared remarks, did you guys disclose or say how many deals you closed in Q2 or year-to-date so far?
John Wilson: I don't know that number.
Julie Bimmerman: We just gave you the dollars on that.
Mario Cortellacci: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Julie Bimmerman: Thanks, Mario.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please proceed.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much. And since the others have focused more on sales, I'm going to focus on cost. So there's a little giveback in gross margin, but a meaningful improvement in SG&A. And on the gross margin, I'm trying to understand, is there not wage inflation as well versus - or is that embedded in fleet? And then on the SG&A, can you sustain less than 29% of revs from this point forward, given where you are?
Julie Bimmerman: Hey, Michael. So within the gross margin, we did - I mean, we actually did see an improvement in our total payroll in answer to that. So overall, you've got to remember that technicians are directly tied with the work that they're producing. So their wages are tied to - at the - when they go through and complete their jobs, if you recall on that front. As far as the fleet cost, the fleet cost, yes, as you know, we did have an increase in that, and that was improved predominantly within the fuel [ph].
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then the G&A?
Julie Bimmerman: On the G&A side, as you said, though, we definitely saw some SG&A improvements over the same quarter last year. And it was really administrative in sales salaries, and then also with our new contracts for our telephone that we were able to work on some better pricing.
Jerry Gahlhoff: This is Jerry, Michael. The other thing I would say is we've been very careful about adding costs back into our business over the past year. We made some changes in our business a year ago. And from an operations standpoint, we've been very careful about what we're adding back in terms of our cost structure. So - and a lot of that has to do with our - controlling our overhead expenses.
Gary Rollins: Well, on revenue and schedule, and this is Gary. Certainly, has given us an opportunity to get more done. And as Julie said, the vast majority of our pest control technicians are on a productivity pay plan. So as they do more, they make more and that helps with turnover reduction. So all those elements are coming together fortunately.
Michael Hoffman: Terrific. And then my follow-up, you released a supplemental 8-K after the earnings release and made reference to an SEC investigation. Have they completed that because they never tell you when they're completing it? So can you tell us if they completed it?
John Wilson: Yes. Michael. So I think the 8-K referred is that it's ongoing, and it is ongoing. It is not completed, no.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached - we do have a follow-up question from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed.
Tim Mulrooney: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just wanted to ask about your virus side spend term [ph] because this is a topic across my services coverage universe. I know virus side spend has been elevated across your customer base, as folks are still highly sensitive to the issues of hygiene in virus protection. But with vaccination rates on the rise, I would assume that this offering would moderate over time. So am I right about that? Can you talk a little bit about demand for your virus side offering and how that's trending?
Jerry Gahlhoff: My best. This is Jerry, Tim. My best barometer [ph] that is talking to Freeman Elliott at Orkin. And while we have seen it moderate, I think that's the right term. There is also places where there is demand, still where people are coming back to office spaces and people are still concerned about their workers being in there and want that kind of disinfection service still occurring. So it's still there. Some markets are better than others where they've returned more people to the offices and things like that. So it's still a viable business, although, to your point, it has moderated.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. And while you got me here, maybe I'll try to squeeze one more in, but thanks for the color on that, Jerry. I wanted to ask about your M&A pipeline, and this is like big picture. So how would you say your pipeline looks today compared to say 5 years ago? Is it smaller given how much consolidation we've seen over the last 5 years? Or is it the other way? Is it larger because more pest control companies are emerging every day? Really curious how you all would characterize the M&A pipeline relative to 5, 10 years ago?
John Wilson: Yes, Tim, so this is John. I'll take a stab at that at the start and maybe Jerry can add to it. I've used the word frothy in the past, and I think it's still that way. Our pipeline is - I would - I don't have that number from 5 years ago, but I would guess it's similar. And a big driver of late has been contemplated tax changes coming out of Washington, D.C., whether it's to you know, state taxes or whatever. And so some of that's driving some of the conversations that we've had. So Jerry, if you have anything to add to that?
Jerry Gahlhoff: Yes. We're still seeing plenty of deals looking at things and evaluating what makes sense to us at an appropriate price. So we still have plenty of action going on there.
Julie Bimmerman: Okay. And let me jump on to that real quick, and this actually goes back to, I think, it was Mario's question. We have closed 18 deals through the end of Q2.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks for the color, everybody…
Julie Bimmerman: And I do want to throw one other thing out there. Jerry just put a note in front of me. It sounds like when I said that residential pest control made up, I believe, I said 40% of our revenues, that is incorrect. It is 46% of our revenue. So… 
Jerry Gahlhoff: I can't believe you're understating it.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company. And look forward to reporting in October, our third quarter results and updating you on our progress. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Rollins Inc. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Joe Calabrese.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you, Bart. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we'll send you a release and make sure you're on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin 1 hour after the call and run for 1 week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 844-512-2921 with the passcode 13717965. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' Vice Chairman; Jerry Gahlhoff, Junior President and Chief Operating Officer; Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Julie Bimmerman, Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Joe, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2021 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Thank you, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. I'd like to start by taking a moment on behalf of our Board, our entire team and myself to recognize Henry Tippie for everything he's done for our organization over the last 68 years. As many of you are aware, Mr. Tippie recently retired from our Board, leaving behind an incredible legacy of leadership and service to Rollins, its employees and customers. Henry's financial knowledge and guidance helped shape Rollins to become the world's best and largest pest control company. During his distinguished career, not only was Henry our longest-serving CFO through a period for over 17 years, he was the architect of Rollins' purchase of Orkin in 1964. Incidentally, this is considered to be the country's first-ever leveraged buyout and was studied for years at the Harvard Business School. Henry, along with Randall Rollins, our Chairman at the time, were the only 2 Rollins Directors present during our initial stock exchange listing in 1968, and again, on our 50th year New York Stock Exchange anniversary. Additionally, in recognition of his broader impact to the business world, the New York Stock Exchange inducted Henry in 2018 into their exclusive wall of leaders. Randall Rollins was inducted as well. Rollins would not be the company it is today without Henry's numerous contributions. On behalf of the entire Rollins family of employees, thank you, Henry. We will continue to honor your legacy and the example of hard work and dedication that you provided. I'd also like to acknowledge Lee Crump's recent retirement from Rollins as Chief Information Officer. Throughout his 12-year career with Rollins, Lee helped guide the company through several important technology advancements, while building a fantastic IT team. He selected and developed a team to not only improve the company's performance presently, but will prevail well into our future. We wish Lee all the best in his retirement. He's earned it. In the end, it all comes down to the many positive contributions of our employees continue to make every day. They have risen again to the occasion, going above and beyond what they've ever accomplished before. We're grateful for their extraordinary dedication and adaptability during the past year. They truly are our most valuable asset. While we faced many challenges over the past year, we continue to successfully improve our operations, and we are greatly encouraged by our first quarter performance. I think we are benefiting from our technology investments and overall business momentum and are looking forward to another successful year. Let me now turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. As Gary mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter results. Revenue grew 9.8% to $535.6 million compared to $487.9 million for the same quarter in 2020. Net income rose to $92.6 million or $0.19 per diluted share compared to $43.3 million or $0.09 per diluted share for the first quarter of last year. Eddie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly as there was one adjustment impacting our financials. It is not just the results we are pleased with, but the returns we are seeing in the business, highlighted by strong performance in our residential and termite service lines, growing 14.9% and 12.2%, respectively. Further, our commercial business has improved every single quarter during 2020 and continued this steady progress once again this quarter, reaching 2.9% growth over the first quarter 2020. Next, I, too, would like to acknowledge the notable impact Mr. Tippie has made, not only on our company but with me, as well. I am grateful, greatly appreciative of his many years of leadership as part of our management team and as a Board member. While it's never easy to follow in the footsteps of someone who made that type of impact, we are pleased with the distinguished executives that have agreed to join our Board of Directors over the past several months. Many of you may recall that we have enhanced an already experienced and strong Board with the recent additions of Jerry Nix, Susan Bell, Patrick Gunning and Harry Cynkus. They each bring a wealth of knowledge and diverse experience in many different areas that we believe will make us stronger as a company moving forward. We have also recently announced the appointment of several new committee chairs and committee designations. Jerry Nix was appointed as our new Lead Director and was selected to chair our Compensation Committee, as well as chair our Nominating and Governance Committee. He is also now serving as a member on our Audit Committee and will be joining our Chairman, Gary Rollins, on our Executive Committee. Additionally, Susan Bell was selected to chair our Rollins Audit Committee and to chair our Diversity Committees. Patrick Gunning was also appointed to be a member of our Audit Committee. As Gary just mentioned, Lee Crump has contributed significantly to Rollins' success during his tenure, and we wish him the very best as he retires. Succeeding Lee is our new Chief Information Officer, is Thomas Tesh. While we have spent the last 6 months working to ensure a seamless transition, Thomas has been a key part of the Rollins family since 2012, previously serving as the Vice President of Information Technology. Thomas is extremely qualified, having led our technology improvement journey through several major rollouts over the years. And we believe his deep experience and solid track record makes him uniquely qualified for this important position. Now let me turn the call over to Jerry, who will provide more details on our businesses.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thanks, John, and good morning, everybody. The first quarter business environment was extremely solid across all of our business lines. And our total revenue, less significant acquisitions, grew 7.9% over first quarter 2020 as both our residential and termite segments presented double-digit growth of 12.8% and 11.2%, respectively. These growth levels have exceeded anything we've recently experienced. Commercial, ex fume revenue, less significant acquisitions, presented positive growth for the first time since first quarter 2020. This segment has enjoyed sequential improvement since last April, reaching 1.3% growth over first quarter of 2020. Our team's continued dedication in serving our commercial customers and their recovery has been outstanding. We're pleased with the steady progress achieved over the past 12 months in this segment. Turning to our mosquito service. As families spend more time outdoors recreationally and with the continued threat of mosquito-borne disease, we're realizing significant growth in this segment of our business. For the quarter, our mosquito revenue experienced growth of over 30%. Additionally, the strength of our termite business remains solid, and we expect continued growth in the future. Looking deeper at our results, we continue to attract customers to all of our services and brands. We're particularly pleased with our international performance in the U.K. and Australia. Domestically, Northwest Exterminating, which joined the Rollins family in 2017, continues to realize strong growth in the Southeastern U.S. HomeTeam has continued their consistent high-growth levels as they capitalize on a thriving residential home construction industry. Similar to last quarter, we experienced tremendous growth in wildlife service offerings through our Trutech and Critter Control brands. Also, we continued to selectively purchase Critter Control franchises and combine them together with our growing wholly owned wildlife operations. Operationally, we remain focused on ensuring our residential and commercial customers receive the highest quality of services. As part of our approach in 2015, we began the rollout of a new branch operating system, BOSS, at our largest brand, Orkin U.S. During 2020, we successfully deployed BOSS in 2 additional brands, Orkin Canada and Western Pest Services. With this new system in place, we were able to add virtual route management software to improve our routing and scheduling processes. Even though we're still in early stages, for Orkin Canada, we've achieved routing improvements of over 20% at this time. Over the next few years, we expect additional improvements as the system gains maturity within these brands. Looking ahead, we remain committed to investing and implementing technology improvements to other brands in order to improve operational efficiencies as well as enhance our customers' trust by continuing to deliver a worthwhile experience. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we've made during the first quarter and as the economy continues to recover, we're encouraged about our prospects for further improvements for the rest of 2021. Now let me turn the call over to Eddie to discuss our financials.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Jerry. I, too, have greatly benefited from Mr. Tippie's vast experience, wisdom and knowledge. His guidance on cost containment, mergers and acquisitions and managing the balance sheet have been invaluable to me. The results of this quarter are, in part, a testament to his steady guidance throughout his 68-year involvement with the company. For the quarter, our residential pest control, commercial pest control, termite and ancillary service lines showed growth and key to the quarter included cost containment across all major categories throughout the organization, overall good weather conditions that helped with demand and customer retention rates improving across the board. As John referenced, I will be reporting both GAAP and non-GAAP financials for the quarter, which were positively impacted by our gain on the sale of several of our Clark properties. As a reminder, when we purchased the initial Clark business in 2019, we bought their pest control, distribution businesses and their owned properties. Real estate is not a core competency of ours, and we decided to make the properties available to the market and secure branch leases. The first group that sold netted a $31 million gain included in our numbers this quarter. Looking at the numbers, the first quarter revenues of $535.6 million increased 9.8% over the prior year's first quarter revenue of $487.9 million. Our GAAP income before income taxes was $119.9 million or 116.3% above 2020. Our GAAP net income was $92.6 million, up 114.1% compared to 2020. And our GAAP earnings per share were $0.19 per diluted share. When removing the positive impact of the property gain on the sale of $31 million, our non-GAAP income before income taxes was $88.8 million compared to $55.4 million in 2020 or up 60.3%. Our non-GAAP net income was $69.8 million, up 61.2% compared to Q1 of 2020. This surge in customer demand again tested our new technology to see how we would be able to handle higher levels of both existing and new customer starts. As we move from what we would call Stage 2 to Stage 3 of our 5-stage routing and scheduling transformation, our latest changes have enabled our technicians to continue to improve the efficiency of their day and give the customer a better experience. Specifically, our latest updates are helping to maximize our ability to be proactive with our customers instead of reactive. Our operations support has added the use of a planning board, which enables them in real time to adjust for openings in the technician schedule. If a customer needs to reschedule service for some reason, that opens up a time slot during the day, our support group is quickly able to fill that slot with a new customer or to support the changing needs of an existing customer. This enables our technicians to be more efficient and our customers to have a better experience with their service needs. These changes positively impacted our margins and our customer retention rates for the quarter. Let's take a look through the Rollins revenue by service line for the first quarter. Our total revenue increase of 9.8% included 1.9% from significant acquisitions and the remaining 7.9% was from pricing and new customer growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 44% of our revenue, was up 14.9% and commercial, excluding fumigation pest control, which made up 35% of our revenue, was up 3.6%. Termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 20% of our revenue, were up 12.2%. Also, as Jerry mentioned, our wildlife service continued to see strong double-digit growth. Again, total revenue, less significant acquisitions, were up 7.9%, and from that, residential was up 12.8%; commercial, ex-fumigation, increased 1.3%; and termite and ancillary grew by 11.2%. Our residential business continues to perform well, and our commercial pest control business has seen steady improvements each month since April 2020. We anticipate a continued steady improvement in our commercial pest control business for the remainder of 2021. In total, gross margins increased to 51.2% from 49.5% in the prior year's quarter. The quarter was positively impacted by lower service salary expense as well as a lower fleet expense through continued improvements from our routing and scheduling efficiencies. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased $2 million to $23.6 million, an increase of 9.3%. Depreciation increased $920,000 due to acquisitions and planned IT upgrades, while amortization of intangible assets increased $1.1 million due to several acquisitions, including McCall Pest Control in December of 2020. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased $4.3 million or 2.8% to $162.2 million or 30.3% of revenues. This was down 6.5% compared to 2020, and the quarter produced savings in administrative salaries and benefits, travel and telephone savings from better negotiated contracts. There's been a lot of inflation discussion related to the economy and what impact companies are seeing or will see as we move through 2021. At this point, we do not see major inflation exposure that would materially impact our margins. As you probably know, payroll, fleet and materials and supplies are our largest 3 expense areas. At this time, payroll margins are mainly improving due to enhanced technology and efficiency. Our fleet has been positively impacted by lower fuel costs and a mid-single-digit percentage reduction in our miles driven. Finally, our materials and supply costs are lower as a percent of revenue, even with our continued personal protective equipment use by our customer-facing employees. As for our cash, for the period ended March 31, 2021, we spent $17 million on acquisitions compared to $47.6 million during the same period last year. We paid $39.4 million on dividends and had $7.8 million of capital expenditures, which was slightly higher compared to 2020. We ended the period with $117.3 million in cash, of which $71.3 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Yesterday, the Board of Directors approved a regular cash dividend of $0.08 per share that will be paid on June 10, 2021, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 10, 2021. Gary, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is from Tim Mulrooney of William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: So you had a really strong year last year on the residential side. And I think one of the big questions on everyone's mind is how that might translate to organic growth in 2021. You've got some difficult comparisons coming up over the next several quarters in residential pest. But as I sit back, I'm thinking, then again, we're still largely in a work-from-home environment and I have to think that a lot of the accounts that you signed up last year are probably now finally turning profitable up to the third or fourth visit. So taking all that into account, I'm just curious how you're thinking about the residential side of the business as we continue to emerge from this pandemic.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So Tim, this is Eddie. So we're seeing continued good demand. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did have overall good weather in the first quarter. Don't know what that will look like as we move throughout the remainder of the year. But I think one of the things that we're seeing, and I think we're all living this in real time is we're seeing more of this hybrid work environment. So it's not only people necessarily working from home. They're not only working from the office, but we're seeing more of this hybrid environment, which we believe is still going to have some eyes that's going to create that demand that we've seen as we move through 2020. You see the numbers here. Our lead generation as we go into Q2 is still very strong for us, and that's starting to lap some of those numbers that you already talked about. So I don't know that any of us know exactly what this will look like as the entire year plays out. But I think there are things that are positive for us to be able to continue to see demand as we're moving forward.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. I appreciate those comments and good color on the lead generation. If I could pivot, I know I think it was Jerry that was talking about the technology that you're implementing BOSS in - or Orkin Canada. I know that's not new news, but I'm not sure I heard about Western before. So just curious if you could give us an update on maybe your technology rollout plans this year. Are there any other "specialty brands" that you're planning to roll out BOSS or VRM to any incremental, I guess, technology investments to keep in mind as we model out your expenses for 2021?
Eddie Northen: Yes. I'll answer and then let Jerry follow up from there. So yes, Orkin, we're a little bit further down the path as far as getting things moving more towards maturity. We've added Western to that queue. They're moving down the path of maturity. We'll take a pause at this point in time, make sure that we work through and then we get the benefits from those 2 units or those 2 brands before we were to make a decision or anything else. And we would let you know ahead of time that there was going to be anything significant to change our CapEx as a percent of revenue or anything else like that. But we - I always say, from a modeling standpoint, within the historic range of what we've seen over the last few years, is what our plans are right now. And if we make a decision to change that, we'll let you know what we know about that moving forward.
Gary Rollins: One thing I'd add to that, Eddie, there's technology improvements when we buy another company because typically, they don't have the best phone systems. They're not paying the best rates for communications. And there are some products available within the industry that, in some cases, are upgrades from what they currently have. So although BOSS is certainly important is going to be critical to our future. We are able to help these newly acquired companies with something short of BOSS. And of course, that will be on their plate in the future. Does that help...
Tim Mulrooney: Very helpful.
Operator: The next question is from Mario Cortellacci of Jefferies.
Mario Cortellacci: I just wanted to ask about organic growth. You guys are using the significant acquisitions verbiage when you're referring to, I guess, organic growth now. Are you able to provide what organic growth looks like, less all acquisitions in resi, commercial and in termite?
Eddie Northen: This is - yes, thanks for that question. So we didn't mean to add confusion here. This is the same way that we've measured it every quarter, probably for the last 15 years. We were just trying to give a little bit of clarity around that part. If we were to - or when we acquire a small tuck-in acquisition of, let's just say, 5 technicians, we acquired them on a Thursday. On a Monday, they have new uniforms, they're in new vehicles, and they're embedded into that Orkin branch. And we really don't have a way for that very small piece to be able to kind of parse that out. So this is - again, this is the same way that we've looked at it every quarter, again, at least for the last 15 years. So we really don't look at it because it's such an insignificant number from that perspective.
Mario Cortellacci: Just - and then maybe a follow-up to that. With those types of acquisitions, is the - are those like $1 million in revenue or like $500,000? Is it that insignificant that it's not even worth mentioning?
Jerry Gahlhoff: That's absolutely correct.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So again, we didn't mean to add confusion to this by wording that we have here. But again, this is the same way we've looked at it throughout time. And nothing else would be a part of it that would be material significant at all.
Mario Cortellacci: Okay. Great. And then just my follow-up would be on the labor market. You guys actually said that you're seeing labor efficiencies and you're seeing, I guess, maybe savings there or coming in better than expected. And I think commentary from other companies is that they're seeing difficulty in hiring new labor, essentially competing with the government for people looking for jobs with stimulus and unemployment checks. Are you seeing anything similar to that within your new hires? And we've also heard that, I guess, smaller pest companies are even offering bonuses to new hires that they sign and then they work for the first 30 days or 60 days or whatever it is and they'll get an additional bonus for staying with them. Are you doing something similar? Or is that really not in the cards for you?
Eddie Northen: Well, when we had demand levels that we've seen this quarter and even if you go back to last quarter that are significantly higher than what we would see on average and any times, it would always be a challenge to ensure that we're finding a hiring and retaining the right employees. The good news for us, and I'll kind of move to specifically your question, the good news for us is as our technology continues to mature on the routing and scheduling part, it enables us to automatically be more efficient. So during my prepared remarks, I talked about, let's just say, a technician that maybe went out with 9 stops in a day and then at 10:00 in the morning, someone called and said, well, they're not going to be available and not be home at 2:00. In our old world, that 2:00 slot basically would have gone empty and the technician would not have had anything to do. In this new world, the branch can see that in real time, our call center can see that in real time. So now when we have a new customer, we can slot a new customer into that time slot. So it's enabling us to continue to be more efficient with that, which is helping with that demand, with the new customer and also being able to move that existing customer as well. So with all that being said, with these demand levels, we are absolutely having issues to be able to go through and make sure that we're finding it and hiring the folks that we need to be able to keep the business moving forward. And HR group and the operations groups are doing a tremendous job with that. But it is a battle with the other companies that are out there that are offering some of the things that you've talked about.
Jerry Gahlhoff: And this is Jerry. John and I recently had a meeting with branch managers in the field at Orkin about your #1 job or your #1 priority as a branch leader is recruiting and building your team. We put a high emphasis that - that's first and foremost, the most important thing you can do. So we place a lot of emphasis and have good processes and procedures behind that. But as Eddie said, it is getting tougher. We do offer referral bonuses, there's a lot of activities on friend and family referrals for new employees, things along those lines that also incentivize people if they get referred and they stay longer, we pay referral bonuses over time, things along those lines. So we take advantage of everything that we can get our hands on to help keep a competitive advantage in the search for talent.
Eddie Northen: But again, this is nothing that's new - I mean, it might be a little bit more heightened at this moment right here, but this is nothing new for us in the service industry. We've gone - just in my time period that I've been here in 6 years, this is something that we're constantly focused on. John set the tone as far as the importance of that. Jerry set the tone as far as the importance of that over time. And we've been able to be successful with that, and we'll find ways to continue to be successful with it as we're moving forward as well.
Gary Rollins: And the other piece of the staffing situation is retention. And we have created in Orkin and in Western and in Canada, we've created a better job. It was very frustrating for that pest control tech to have that cancellation that Eddie just described and really not beginning to unravel the day's route. And now we have the tools that we can move a customer to that slot - a new customer to that slot typically, and he doesn't have or she doesn't have that frustration that how am I going to get through? How am I going to get it done? This has created a mess that ratchets all the way down through the day, et cetera. So it's going to be interesting to see what this does to retention. It has to make a better job for the pest control technician in those areas that have BOSS.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Michael Hoffman of Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: I met Henry Tippie almost at the very beginning of my career 33 years ago when I was covering Rollins Environmental, and he was - gave me sage advice then, which I've always followed in my modeling. So I wish him the best of luck. So the conversation about growth, and I get you're not doing anything different in the language of significant. But double-digit or very high single-digit organic growth in residential relative to the underlying market growth is phenomenal. So what are you doing different that you're producing that type of organic growth versus anybody else in the business because you're clearly gaining share in your well-run company? But what are you doing different, do you think, that allows, even if the comps have to come down because it's so strong last year, you're still gaining share? So what are you doing different?
Eddie Northen: Michael, I think it's a very intuitive question to ask. And trust me, as we've gone through this time of these higher demand levels, we've continued to really drill down into that to get a better understanding. I talked again in my prepared remarks, we did have good weather that we're up against that created. But I think the essential worker status and the seriousness that we took with that, especially as the pandemic started, to me, I think, is one of the things that separated us, for sure, in the service industry, and I would say, separated us within our pest control industry as well. So we already had a very professional technician. As we've talked about previously, we invested in PPE very early on. And when you combine that together with that trusted person that you already have, we believe that, that separated us potentially from others that are out there. We've all had people in different service industries that maybe showed up to do some sort of work that looked disheveled, didn't look professional. And they could have been the best person to be able to do that job that you would hope. But the impression didn't come across positively. And we believe that our technicians across the board in all of our brands come across professionally. And we believe that essential worker status really translated into a trusted brand. And as people have felt more comfortable opening their homes over this last, I'll say, 3, 4, 5 months, we believe that's translated more into a trusted brand, a trusted name, I'm open to them coming into my home and it's really been a reflection of this demand that we've seen that we've been able to go through and grow our business with. So we think that those are a few things. When you couple that with these continued enhancements in the routing and scheduling and how our communication with our customers continues to improve, we believe those are things that continue to separate us from the competition that's out there and enabling us to win on high demand and to retain it at a high rate.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Fair enough. You all updated your corporate presentation recently. By the way, it was a nice change. Had to admit, it took me a moment to realize I was clicking through a book. Just trying to make it rotate a different way. But you put in there about a $12 billion domestic market. And yet the major trade associations defining it as $9.6 billion, growing a little bit less than 3% last year. What's - can you bridge the gap between your market size and PCT's market size?
Eddie Northen: Michael, I have to get those numbers from you. I'm sure we'll get a chance to talk to you probably later today or tomorrow. Let us talk to our marketing group and let's see what we can do to help out with the difference between those 2.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you for joining us today. We're optimistic about Rollins' opportunities ahead and appreciate your interest in our company. We look forward to updating you next quarter on our progress. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Joe Calabrese. You may begin.
Joe Calabrese: However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin 1 hour after the call and run for 1 week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 844-512-2921, with the passcode 13714448. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins’ Vice Chairman; Jerry Gahlhoff Jr., President, Chief Operating Officer; Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Julie Bimmerman, Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Management will make some opening remarks and we will then open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Joe. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year end 2020 conference call. Julie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Julie Bimmerman: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filing, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 for more information, and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Julie. While we faced unprecedented obstacles this past year, I’m pleased to report that Rollins’ performance in 2020 is marked by continued growth and solid financials. Rollins’ results are a testament to the strength of our business, our exceptional focus on customer service and the commitment to program execution by our people. We are especially proud of our employees’ dedication and adaptability through this difficult year. They have continued to provide vital services to our customers through very challenging situations, enabling the continuation of our long-term success. Our people are truly our most important asset as they protect our customers’ property, health and peace of mind. We are extremely appreciative of their efforts during this unprecedented time. At Rollins, we also have an unwavering commitment to keeping our employees safe. This has never been more important than this past year, where we faced the threat of the COVID-19 virus. New stringent safety protocols were promptly created and even today remain a priority, while we continue to have employee health risk from the virus. As a result of working safely through the pandemic, we’ve also benefited from the trust we have built with our customers. This was confirmed by the strong performance that we had in our residential services segment. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our business and the importance of the service we provided. Before I wrap up, on behalf of the entire team at Rollins, I’d like to acknowledge and thank our two retiring directors, Jimmy Williams, he joined the Board in 1978 and Bill Dismuke, who joined the Board in 1984. Their insightful guidance and service to the company has been invaluable and we wish them well in their retirement. Let me now turn the call over to John who will provide an overview of the quarter and the year. John?
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Turning to our performance, we are pleased with our fourth quarter results, which capped off a great year in 2020. Revenue for the quarter grew 6% to $536.3 million compared to $506 million for the same quarter in 2019. Net income rose to $62.6 million or $0.13 per diluted share compared to $50.8 million or $0.10 per diluted share for the fourth quarter last year. Revenue for the full year totaled $2.161 billion, an increase of 7.2% compared to $2.015 billion for 2019. Net income for the full year increased to $260.8 million or $0.53 per diluted share compared to $203.3 million or $0.41 per diluted share for the same period last year. Eddie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly as there are two adjustments impacting our financials. Overall, our team members in the various businesses continue to perform well. We experienced strong growth in residential pest control during the fourth quarter, increasing 11%, while termite and ancillary services grew 8.7%. Year-over-year, commercial revenue was down as commercial pest control was negatively impacted by the COVID virus due to varying levels of government-driven shutdowns. However, we have continued to narrow the revenue shortfall gap each month since April with fourth quarter commercial growth only 0.6% below last year. We are pleased with the steady progress we have achieved under these circumstances. I am very proud of our team and the commitment they show each day to take care of our customers. Their dedication and determination were very evident this year as they added many thousands of customers during a challenging time. We believe our fourth quarter and 2020 full year results reflect both the resilience of our company and our people. I would now like to take a moment to talk about Rollins’ ESG or Environmental, Social and Governance commitment. We hold ourselves accountable to a high standard of sustainability, social responsibility and good corporate governance. ESG is not just an important part of our business it’s become part of our culture. We also have launched a new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion or DEI initiative, internally focused on advancing a culture of inclusion where all employees feel respected and treated fairly with an equitable opportunity to excel. This effort is sponsored by Freeman Elliott, our Orkin U.S. President. Freeman is working in close partnership with the newly formed Advisory Council made up of employees from across all brands to drive DEI improvements. The council is actively reviewing all policies, conducting campaign awareness, creating listening forums and providing training with much more to come. We are committed to this vision in the journey we will all take together. I am also pleased to note that we have further strengthened our Board of Directors, adding to an already experienced and strong Board with the additions of Susan Bell, Patrick Gunning and Jerry Nix. As background, both Susan Bell and Patrick Gunning have recently retired from distinguished careers in public accounting, 36 and 39 years respectively. Both are qualified as financial experts for U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission public companies. Jerry Nix comes to our Board as the Former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Genuine Parts Company. They are all seasoned executives and accomplished leaders and their diverse experience will be invaluable to help shape Rollins’ future. Now, let me turn the call over to Jerry who will provide more details on our business.
Jerry Gahlhoff: Thanks, John and good morning everybody. Although I have been with Rollins Company since 1999 and have had the opportunity over the years to interact with many of the investors on today’s call, this is my first time speaking with you as Chief Operating Officer. I do so with a strong sense of responsibility to our company, our employees, our customers and our shareholders. I am excited to be here. I would also like to thank all of our colleagues for the smooth transition over the last few months and look forward to enhancing shareholder value through the execution of our business strategy. During the fourth quarter, we continued to expand the company’s presence, not only in the U.S., but yet globally as well. We added 10 strategic acquisitions within the United States, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom and Singapore. We are very pleased to welcome these companies and their teams to the Rollins family of brands, and as we enter 2021, we expect that strategic acquisitions will continue to be an important component in our initiatives to further grow our business. This past week, we completed our first virtual companywide leadership meeting with all our top leaders across all our global business units. While we missed being in the same room together, we still found an opportunity to gather on Zoom for productive discussions on items that will be critical for our success in 2021. As an example, one focus area we discussed that has been significant to our growth is mosquito service. This continues to be an excellent add-on service for many customers and has increased greater than 30% over the prior year. We know this will continue to be a great opportunity in 2021. As we have discussed in the past, mosquito-borne diseases continue to be an increasing threat around the world and as family self quarantine, many are spending more time in their yards, recognizing the need for mosquito control. The overall emphasis of our leadership meeting was about executing our plans in 2021, and I have great confidence in our leadership team to make this happen. Now, let me turn the call over to Eddie to discuss our financials.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Jerry. The obstacles that impacted Q2 and Q3 continue to decrease throughout the quarter and our operations and non-operations groups continue to make tremendous adjustments to the new lives that we are all leading. We are utilizing mostly remote workforces, which has forced us to continue to evaluate processes and become more efficient. These changes have made us a better company. We are also thankful that we have invested in technology the way that we have over the last 4 to 5 years. Dealing with the increased demand on the residential side of our business and the disruption aroused on the commercial side of our business would have been an extreme challenge to handle without these tools in place. For the quarter, our residential pest control and termite service lines showed growth and keys to the quarter included a fourth year in a row of metric improvement through our routing and scheduling initiatives, safety improvement that translated to expense reductions and successful continued cost containment implemented to drive margin improvement year-over-year. As John referenced, I will be reporting both GAAP financials for the quarter and GAAP and non-GAAP financials for the full year that were impacted by accelerated investing of shares in the third quarter of this year, and the impact of the pension plan moving off of our Rollins’ books in 2019. Looking at the numbers, the fourth quarter revenues of $536.3 million was an increase of 6% over the prior year’s fourth quarter revenue of $506 million. Our income before income taxes was $86.9 million or 28.7% above 2019. Net income was $62.6 million, up 23.4% compared to 2019. Our EPS were $0.13 per diluted share. Looking at the full year, revenue of $2.161 billion was an increase of 7.2% over the prior year’s revenue of $2.015 billion. Our GAAP income before taxes was $354.7 million or 35.8% above 2019. Our net income was $260.8 million, up 28.3% compared to 2019. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.53 per diluted share. For the full year, looking at our non-GAAP financials, taking into account the accelerated stock vesting that occurred in the third quarter of this year and the pension plan moving off of our books in 2019, income before taxes was $361.4 million and was up 16.2% and net income was $267.5 million this year compared to $229.9 million in 2019, a 16.3% increase, and our non-GAAP EPS were $0.54 compared to $0.47, which is a 14.9% improvement. Jerry mentioned our 2021 leadership meeting, and while our gathering online instead of in-person looked different than the previous years, our focus on messaging and alignment for the year to come continue to be the same. One of the sessions over the three days was entitled, items to make you successful in 2021. During this segment, we discussed several different topics that will impact our journey of sustainability through Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG. The topics were all focused on actionable items that each and every operation can impact as we move forward in the new year. In depth, we discussed our routing and scheduling and how it saves miles, improves margin and helps to reduce our carbon footprint. Next, we discussed our launch of the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion or DEI initiative that John mentioned earlier. Freeman did an excellent job sharing how a more diverse group will help lead our decision-making in the future. And then, Jerry spent time and discussed our safety journey and how this positively impacts our workforce and our financial performance. The advantage to hosting these sessions online, and yes, I am looking for silver linings here, is that we get a chance to read comments in real-time as the speaker is leading the session. There was a very positive energy around all of these topics and others that will support our sustainability for years to come. Let’s take a look through the Rollins revenue by service line for the fourth quarter. Our total revenue increase of 6% included 1.5% from acquisitions and the remaining 4.5% was from pricing and new customer growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 45% of our revenue, was up 11%, commercial, excluding fumigation, commercial pest control, which made up 34% of our revenue was down five-tenth of a percent and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 19% of our revenue, was up 8.7%. One item of note is that our wildlife service grew at their fastest rate since Q1 of 2018. Again, total revenue less acquisition was up 4.5% and from that residential was up 9.3%, commercial ex-fumigation decreased 2.4%, and termite and ancillary grew by 8.4%. Our residential business continues to perform well and our commercial pest control business has seen steady improvement each month since April. While we continue to manage our cost appropriately, it’s difficult to know how the revenue levels will look as we move through the pandemic with restrictions continuing to change throughout the world. In total, gross margin increased to 50.3% from 49.7% in the prior year’s quarter. The quarter was positively impacted by lower service salary expense as well as lower fleet expense through continued improvements from our routing and scheduling efficiencies. These gains were offset by higher materials and supplies cost related to our personal protective equipment inventory. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter decreased $203,000 to $22.4 million, a decrease of nine-tenth of a percent. Depreciation decreased $57,000 and amortization of intangible assets decreased $148,000 as intangibles from previous acquisitions such as HomeTeam and Western became fully amortized. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter increased $4.3 million or 2.8% to $159.1 million or 29.7% of revenue. This was down 2.9% compared to 2019 and the quarter produced savings in salaries and benefits and lower bad debt through better collection efforts. As for our cash position for the period-ended December 31, 2020, we spent $147.4 million on acquisitions compared to $430.6 million the same period last year, which included our initial Clark Pest Control acquisition. We paid $160.5 million on dividend and had $23.2 million of capital expenditures, which was slightly lower compared to 2019. We ended the period with $98.5 million in cash, of which $71.3 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. These numbers all include our reduction in debt of $88.5 million for the year. As you may remember, we kicked off the reporting of our ESG activities at the beginning of the year in 2020 with our first ever 2019 Sustainability Report. In March of 2021, we will produce our second addition, which will include more updates and goals in the areas that will impact our company over the next five years. Yesterday, the Board of Directors approved a regular cash dividend of $0.08 per share, which was a 50% increase in the pre-split numbers from last year that will be paid on March 10, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business February 10, 2021. Gary, I will turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning, everybody. Congrats on another nice quarter.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Tim Mulrooney: So, okay. Only two questions, so here we go. I’m going to stick on the pricing and gross margin. So first of all, on pricing, Eddie, can you remind me just how that trended through 2020? I know a lot of folks took a pause on pricing during the pandemic. I’m curious how pricing looked in 2020 and what you guys are planning or thinking about for the next pest selling season here in 2021?
Eddie Northen: Yes. Tim, we decided to – for most of our brands, to take that same pause. As you know, typically, we will roll that price increase out around mid-year. We decided based on the current economic conditions that it was not the best time to move that forward, so most of our brands did in fact take that pause. For 2021, we do have plans to move forward with a price increase. And we would be prepared as we move forward over the next quarter or two to be able to provide more details having to do with that. But we’ve gone through our – we continue to go through the testing on the marketing side and we’re prepared for that for 2021.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, okay. Thank you. That’s broadly what we’re hearing from others as well, so that makes sense. So, as I’m thinking about gross margin next year – and we saw some nice gross margin expansion this year, but as I’m thinking about it next year, with increases in route density from new accounts and additional M&A, plus these potential price increases, is there any reason that gross margins wouldn’t be expected to continue to expand further in 2021? I guess, are there any other considerations that investors should keep in mind when thinking about your margin?
Eddie Northen: I would, believe – and I believe Jerry and John would believe the same that we will have an opportunity to expand in 2021. We have invested, as we talked in Q2 and Q3, on our inventory of protective equipment for our employees, our customer-facing employees. Our hopes would be as we move through 2021 that that would subside and that that would be somewhat of a support for us. We continue to have good, positive momentum as we talked about a couple of times, having to do with our routing and scheduling and we’ll continue to see and reap the benefits of that. And I think to your point of the density, as commercial were to continue to incrementally get better as we’re all hoping as we move through 2021, that density will improve and make those improvements potentially even better. So we believe, we have a few different areas that would be supportive of it in addition to what we would normally do as far as our incremental improvement on a year-over-year basis.
John Wilson: Yes. Tim, this is John Wilson. And Eddie touched on a couple of things that I would have had to offer and that was the routing and scheduling in the account density piece. But related to the selling of our new accounts, you had already asked a question about the price increase that we’ll roll with, we didn’t see any back-up in our ability to get price for our new accounts. And so, we expect that to continue to grow for 2021 and that will help as well.
Tim Mulrooney: Understood. Thanks, John. Thanks, Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Mario Cortellacci with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi, thanks for the time. Could you maybe update us on how sustainable you think that resi growth is at these levels? As we get into 2021, obviously, there’s going to be tougher comps and potentially as people head back to work with the vaccine, maybe you see a slightly less demand? I just wanted to get a sense for – if you think that could put a damper on 2021 resi growth?
Eddie Northen: So I would say a couple of things. One is that we don’t know what the return to work is going to look like and you’re exactly right. I mean, comping as we move throughout the year will be more difficult than what it would be during a normal year. Q1 will be a time that we’ve not lapped yet as things really didn’t make a change until the end of March. So Q1, I think we’ll probably still see what we’ve seen. As people were to return, will that reduce the demand? I think that’s kind of yet to be seen at this point. The positive for us is – and Jerry talked about this is the sale of our mosquito product. As we continue to do that, that product continues to grow at a 30% plus clip on a growing base. And probably, the exciting thing for me is that we’ve really expanded the opportunity for growth with this particular service to many of our different brands. So early on, we had a few of our brands that really were concentrating on this and this is really expanded to others. So we believe this is going to be a good residential opportunity for us as we move forward. But Mario, I think we’re all kind of guessing right now on what that impact of the stay from home is going to look at – look like as we kind of move throughout the year.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. And then, you have actually just mentioned, and I’ll piggyback off of the mosquito comment. I guess, maybe if you can talk about some of the biggest opportunities you had, it sounds like the mosquito is obviously one of them, we know about that, while we know that you guys launched the disinfectant service, would you be able to give us maybe an update on penetration on those services? And then, also, is there anything else that’s in its infancy or in early innings that we should also maybe keep an eye on?
Eddie Northen: So I would say that – I made the comment about wildlife. Our wildlife continues to grow, I think the infrastructure that we put in place over the last 2 to 3 years with Steve Leavitt, leading the charge there with our emerging opportunities group has really made a positive impact for – I’ll call it a nice add on. So we get those calls in our call center and now, we have a broader reach to be able to service those customers that have those types of wildlife needs. So I think we’re going to continue to have opportunities there. Mosquito, we’ve already talked about. In the past, we’ve talked some about bed bug. Bed bug revenue is down year-over-year. Part of that is our own decision on pricing. And looking at the profitability of that compared to us putting the energy behind the mosquito product, which is a high – much higher margin product. But then I would shift over to the termite and ancillary side and say, we have continued opportunities to grow there as we have had entered the premises in a lot of cases having to do with the termite support and then providing those ancillary services in other parts of the home. And we had good growth in these areas over the last few years and I would say that will continue to be an opportunity.
John Wilson: Yes. Mario, let me – this is John, let me add. The opportunity to couple multiple services with our current customer base is really pretty high. We have less than 20% of our customers that have multiple services. And so, when we can do that and we’ve had good success adding mosquito, what Eddie mentioned wildlife and some other things that opportunity there is there for us in 2021 to really build on.
Mario Cortellacci: Thank you for that.
Jerry Gahlhoff: I would add too, that we also had an opportunity for mosquito in the commercial sector as more and more people are eating outdoors, wanting to spend time in restaurants not being cooped up inside, we’re seeing more outside. So we have opportunity on commercial to also drive mosquito business as well.
Mario Cortellacci: Thank you so much for your time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Michael, please make sure your line is not muted.
Michael Hoffman: Yes. We all have to learn about that this year, don’t we? Thank you for taking the questions. What I’d like to ask about is disaggregating the organic part of residential both in the quarter and for the year to understand the mix of new customer add as a proportion of 9:3 in the quarter and 8:7 for the year versus the cross-sell and that sort of ties into the comment of less than 20% of the customer base today has more than one service. I’m trying to understand, how much is in the 9:3 was adding a service versus adding a customer?
Eddie Northen: So I think the way that I would answer that question is, it’s kind of like the growth of our international volume as a percent to our total. We continue to add new geographies internationally, we continue to add new companies as we did most recently in Australia to our international operations, but our percent of our international to our total continues to hover around that same 7% or 8%, no matter what we do internationally, because of the growth that we have in the U.S, those numbers, they kind of stay intact. And I would just use that analogy Michael to kind of say, we’re kind of doing the same thing here. So we’re adding a significant number of new customers but at the same time, we are adding new services to existing customers. So as much as we continue to look for those penetration opportunities, it’s a good problem to have that that number necessarily isn’t improving significantly as far as those that have more than one service, because we are adding new customers each and every quarter. So we will continue once we have our foot in the door to continue to add those new services and as we’ve shared on this call before, any time we have more than one service, the likelihood of that customer retaining and staying with us is significantly higher. So we’ll continue to pursue that on that second or third or more services, but we’re also happy on the new customer growth as well.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, I just want to ask clarification there, but I want to ask my second question to make sure I can get it in. So can you help us with cadence? So everybody appreciates the way things flowed in ‘20 in total, things we ought to be aware of as we progressed through ‘21 and you alluded to, we haven’t anniversaried the negative headwinds through 1Q, but can you – without it being percentage numbers, can you help us mildly positive in one, meaningfully positive in two, and then it settles back, this is all the organic side into sort of normal course in three and four? Is that the right way to think about it?
Eddie Northen: I would say, the things that in my mind are the most impactful, and Jerry and John and Gary may have some other thoughts. The things that I would say are most impactful were Q – end of Q1, end of Q2, with our headwind of materials and supplies that occurred in 2020 that we feel will not be a headwind as we’re moving through 2021 based on everything that we know today, we feel like that we have made those purchases. As we talked about in Q3, we actually had to write down our inventory because in Q2, we purchased at a very high price in some cases to be able to get that protective equipment in place, which was the right thing to do at the time and continue to move our business forward, but we feel as though that will be a good tailwind for us, especially as we move Q2, Q3, Q4. I would say on the residential side, Mario or you asked a question on what that looks like for us. Q1, we really don’t have a account for that, because really things didn’t go south with us there until the end of March. But I think the stay-at-home from there will continue to be at play and will continue to drive demand as well as the continued concentration on the other services that we talked about. And I would think that incrementally, we may see a little bit more of a headwind on that as we move to Q3 into Q4 of 2021. However, the offset of that would be, if things are getting back to normal and if people are going back to work that would mean that the commercial product should in fact be going the other way. The commercial product should be improving incrementally as we move Q2, into Q3, into Q4 when we look at this year-over-year. So for all those times when we had investors ask us, why we didn’t concentrate only on the commercial product, and I said, I was very happy with the different products that we had to be able to sell because in diversification, I think, Michael, we’re going to see a little bit of that as we move through this that yes, in fact, if stay at home does kind of subside some then the commercial should see a good improvement as we move forward. Did that help?
Michael Hoffman: Yes, it does. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Thanks for squeezing me back in. I just wanted to talk about M&A for a second. So if we step back and look at the full year of 2020, can you talk about – how many acquisitions did you complete in total? I’m just curious if the pace was greater or lower relative to prior years given disruption from the pandemic or if that was pretty similar?
Eddie Northen: Hey, it was – I’m going to let Jerry and John weigh in with any specific they have, but it was similar in nature as far as the number. Our concern, of course, the 2019 number, as I mentioned, was – would be significantly skewed with our initial Clark Pest Control purchase that we made but I think the number and even taking a look kind of generally at a spread of international and of Orkin tuck-in acquisitions and others like that, I think we’re relatively in line with what we’ve seen with previous years.
Jerry Gahlhoff: That’s correct, Eddie. It’s about flat to prior year.
Eddie Northen: Okay, alright. There we go.
Tim Mulrooney: Perfect. And you have valuations pulled back at all given all this disruption or have they all kind of been on par with what you typically see?
John Wilson: Tim, this is John. They have not pulled back. There things are still pretty frothy from that side and we’re kind of picking and choosing the one who will really want to go after heart as a result of that. We want to buy really good businesses with great reputation in the market and the McCall business in Jacksonville is a – the most recent example.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. I saw that and that looks like a good one. Can I squeeze one more in for Gary?
Gary Rollins: Hey, you get one follow-up question. So there you go.
Tim Mulrooney: Excellent. Gary, this one’s for you, do you still plan to use free cash flow to further de-lever the balance sheet in 2021 or does having some debt on the balance sheet make sense?
Gary Rollins: Well, I think we take on more debt if we had to with the right acquisition.
Tim Mulrooney: Sure.
Gary Rollins: I mean that’s been our practice. In the past, we’ve retired what – an $88.5 million just this last year. We retired $80 million of our debt, but certainly, if the right acquisitions came along, we’d incur more debt, if we add to.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks so much guys.
Eddie Northen: I do need to clarify one thing, before we turn it over to Gary to wrap up. In my statement – in my prepared statement when I talked about our quarterly dividend increasing, I think it should have been that our quarterly dividend increased over the fourth quarter dividend that we had. So if you remember back to 2020, we actually reduced our dividend from our first quarter of 2020 down for the remainder of the year. So the improvement that I mentioned should have referenced the fact that it was compared to the Q4 dividend. So I hope that clarifies and I apologize for misstating that earlier.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you for letting me to follow-up. And you have to keep letting the fellas from Jefferies ask it first, then I can do the follow to him. So the M&A question I had was, can you tell us what the dollar of revenue that rolls into ‘21 from deals you did in ‘20 so we get that accurate?
Eddie Northen: We don’t break that out, Mike. Yes, Mike, we don’t break that out.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then, the dividend, what’s it take for the dividend to go back to $0.12 a quarter, post-split?
Eddie Northen: Well, if that was the confusion, I think, partially that I just – are you saying post-split?
Michael Hoffman: Yes. So, post – I mean if you cut it from after you’d split it, it would have been $0.12. So you cut it from $0.12 to $0.08, if I’ve done my math correctly. What’s it take for you to return it back to $0.12?
Eddie Northen: I mean, the Board would have to review our current cash, our opportunities to be able to use that cash and then to pass back onto the shareholders. I mean, compared to where we were in Q4 and then we split our shares, it’s an increase from there.
Michael Hoffman: Right, thank you.
Gary Rollins: Alright. Do you see any other questions?
Operator: Well, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the call over to management for closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we entered 2021 optimistic about our opportunities and look forward to updating you on our progress on our next earnings call. Thank you, again.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Rollins Incorporated Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host, Joe Calabrese. Please go ahead sir.
Joe Calabrese: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin 1 hour after the call and run for 1 week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-844-512-2921 with a pass code 13710819. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' Vice Chairman; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Joe. Thank you. Good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2020 conference call. Before turning the call over to Eddie to read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer. First, I want to take a moment to recognize the recent passing of our former Chairman and my brother Randall Rollins. Randall was an extraordinary human being and his accomplishments and contributions made at the various Rollins public and private companies over the years are unequal. He is missed greatly, not only by our family and his friends, but also by generations of Rollins employees and colleagues who he respected so highly. Many of you reached out with condolences upon receiving the news of his death. And I'd like to thank you for having our family in your thoughts, as well as for your kind words. Eddie, would you please read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer?
Eddie Northen: Yes. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. And actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Looking at our third quarter performance, we were pleased to report another solid result. And we remain proud of our planned execution across all of our business service lines. Revenue grew 4.9% to $583.7 million compared to $556.5 million for the same quarter in 2019. Net income rose to 79.6 million or $0.24 per diluted share, compared to $44.1 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the third quarter of last year. Eddie will review the GAAP and non-GAAP results shortly as they were meaningful adjustments impacting our financials. Revenues for the first nine months of the year were $1.62 billion, an increase of 7.6% compared to $1.51 billion for the same period last year. Net income for the first nine months increased to $198.2 million or $0.60 per diluted share compared to $152.6 million or $0.47 per diluted share for the comparable period last year. Again, Eddie will review these and our nine-month non-GAAP results in a few minutes. Turning to our business lines results, residential pest control grew 10.5% during the quarter, reflecting the resiliency of the service and its strong demand. As anticipated, our commercial operation revenue was down year-over-year as commercial pest control continues to be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 virus and its related economic tool. However, some businesses reopened during the quarter and for some of these customers, their economic conditions improved. We've continued to narrow the revenue shortfall gap each month since April. Overall, we were pleased with the steady progress we've achieved under those circumstances. John will provide greater detail on these and our other operational results shortly. Overall, our people and business continue to perform well and what remains a complex environment. We have an unwavering commitment to keep our employees and customers safe. Our team's continued dedication in serving our customers has been outstanding. They are truly our greatest asset and we're grateful for their efforts. Further our commitment to safe practices involved our employees and customers as well. We continue to benefit from the high regard trust and confidence that our customers have in us. Before turning the call over to John, I also want to acknowledge some recent key advancements that further strengthen our executive leadership. John Wilson, as many of you know through his involvement on our earnings conference calls and investor meetings, was promoted to the company's Vice Chairman. John joined the company in 1996 and has been an integral part in developing and executing [indiscernible] and strategic initiatives over the years. His promotion is truly a testament to his leadership, work ethic and talent. Additionally, Jerry Gahlhoff was promoted to Rollins, President and COO. Since many of you may not be too familiar with Jerry's background, I'd like to take a minute and highlight a few of his many accomplishments. Jerry started his career in the pest control industry in 1991 and came to Rollins in the HomeTeam acquisition in 2008. He's successfully managed several areas of the company and has been instrumental in guiding meaningful growth and profitability in these businesses. He most recently led what we refer to as the Rollins specialty brands team, which includes HomeTeam pest defense, Clark pest control, Northwest Exterminating, Western Pest, Waltham Pest, and OPC Services, as well as our very important Rollins human resources department and training department. A seasoned executive and well-respected industry leader Jerry has a comprehensive understanding of our organization, business and is extremely well suited for the COO position. Another little known fact is that Jerry came from an Orkin household as his dad was a 26-year employee. We're fortunate to have John and Jerry assume a greater role in our company, it's direction and it's future. We look forward to their continued contributions. Let me now turn the call over to John who will provide more details on the aspect of our third quarter. John?
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. I am excited and grateful for the opportunity to be here. I wanted to start by providing some context to the current environment. While the Coronavirus remains prevalent in many areas, we feel positive about our financial performance this quarter, and how we're executing as a company to meet the needs of our residential and commercial customers, both in the U.S. and abroad. Our residential business remains solid, our call centers are busy and we are pleased with our results from this service line. We are also encouraged, yet at the same time, cautiously optimistic about the positive trends we've been seeing on the commercial side of our business. As Gary noted, our third quarter commercial results were down year-over-year. However, the operating environment steadily improved as third quarter progressed and we continue to see month-to-month improvements as more businesses reopened and the trust that our brands have built over time, have enabled our technicians to provide service when and where needed. Still, we are by no way thinking that this pandemic is over. We remain diligent considering the current operating environment, and with many experts projecting that another wave is possible, there remain many uncertainties. We're executing against our plan and continue to proactively navigate the best path forward. For example, out of concern for the health of our employees, as well as our customers, stringent safety practices are ongoing and remain a top priority. To keep our technicians safe, we continue to adhere to the advanced health and safety protocols as recommended by the CDC. By providing a full complement of personal protective equipment for our customer facing employees, we're continuing to build trust with our customers, while also demonstrating it is safe to do business with us. We are also working with our customers to create a safer environment for where they live and work. As we have discussed Orkin and many of our other brands are now offering a commercial and residential disinfection service, which is effective and quickly and thoroughly eliminating a wide variety of serious pathogens. While it is still early, we're pleased with a very positive reception this new service line has been receiving from existing as well as new customers. During the third quarter we steadily grew this new offering. Additionally, investors have asked us about the business impact of the devastating wildfires out west, as well as the recent tropical storms and hurricanes that have made landfall in the U.S. While our hearts go out to those that have been adversely affected by these natural disasters, up to now we have not had any significant business disruption. I would also like to take a minute to provide an update on our wildlife brand, which has experienced strong double-digit growth year-to-date. For those of you who aren't too familiar with this business segment, the services we provide include life trapping and removal of wildlife, exclusion of wildlife from residences and other buildings and the repair and remediation of damages caused by wildlife. There is not a more urgent call for help than that customer who has a wild animal loose in their home or business. Although a small part of our total business, we have firmly established our position as the leading wildlife control provider in North America. And looking ahead, we believe that this is real opportunity to continue to grow this business. Lastly, I wanted to circle back to the promotion of Jerry to President and Chief Operating Officer. Not only does he have a strong foundation in the pest business, he does have a degree in entomology after all. He is that rarest of individuals who knows both bugs and the bug business inside out. He works very hard at improving himself each day. And I've watched him over the last 13 years, improve every operation he has touched. I am excited to have Jerry in this new role. I'll now turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. I believe at every reference it could be made regarding how long the last quarter has been has already been used, so I'm going to spare my attempt. I would like to pass along my thanks to your outreach regarding our late Chairman. Your words of reflection and support were truly appreciated. In 2016, we held our first ever Investor Day in New York City, and our team had a chance to get to know many of you on that day. The primary reason for holding that event was to share the depth and breadth of our senior management team. I've had discussions with many of you over the years about the eventual passing over the time and the elevation of Gary, John and Jerry show this in action. Each of them had been well prepared for years to take their perspective and vision to lead Rollins for years to come. We're fortunate as an organization, and as investors, I believe that you will be pleased with what the future holds. The obstacles that impacted Q2 began to subside and our operations and non-operations groups had make tremendous adjustments to the new life that we are all leading. Today I'll share some details on our Q3 actual results and some additional insights to what we know today that will impact the future. For the quarter, our residential pest control and termite service lines showed growth and key to the quarter included improvements in commercial revenue growth rates compared to the second quarter impairment charges related to our personal protective equipment, also known as PP&E. And the successful continued cost management implemented to drive margin improvement year-over-year. As Gary referenced, I will be reporting both GAAP and non-GAAP financials that were impacted by vesting of shares this year and the impact of the pension plan moving off of our Rollins book in Q3 of 2019. Looking at the numbers, the third quarter revenues of $583.7 million was an increase of 4.9% over the prior year’s third quarter revenue of $556.5 million. Our GAAP income before income taxes was $108.9 million, or 136% above 2019. Net income was $79.6 million up 80.6% compared to 2019. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.24 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, our income before tax was 115.6 million this year compared to $96 million last year, a 20.4% increase. Our 2020 income before taxes was impacted by $6.7 million for the vesting of our late Chairman’s Rollins shares. Additionally, 2019 was reduced by $49.9 million for the vesting of the pension plan off of our Rollins books. Both the vesting of shares and pensions divesting were non-cash items, Our non-GAAP net income was $86.3 million this year, compared to $70.6 million in Q3 of 2019, a 22.1% increase. Looking at the first nine months revenue of $1.625 billion that was an increase of 7.6% of the prior year's third quarter revenue of $1.509 billion. Our GAAP income before income taxes was $267.8 million or 41.6% of 2019. Net income was 198.2 million up 29.9% compared to 2019. Our gap earnings per share were $0.60 per diluted share. Our non-GAAP financials taking the share vesting and pension plan into consideration were income before taxes of $274.5 million up 14.8% and net income was $204.9 million this year compared to $179.2 million in 2019, a 14.4% increase. Our non-GAAP earnings per share for the nine months were $0.63 compared to $0.55, which is a 14.5% increase. As we stated on our Q1 and Q2 calls, we began aggressively purchasing personal protective equipment in March and April. While these were costly, they were critical to keeping our operations running safely. As the cost of these materials have moved lower from the peak, we took a $2 million one-time charge to revalue our inventory. With the pricing moving lower, we anticipate spending $1 million per quarter down from the $2 million that we shared on previous calls. At this time, we would anticipate having this additional expense for Q2 of 2021. Let's take a look through the Rollins revenue by service lines for the third quarter. Our total revenues increased 4.9% that included 1.4% from acquisition and the remaining 3.5% was from pricing, which is a small portion of that but mostly from organic and new customer growth. In total residential pest control, which made up 47% of our revenue was up 10.5% commercial ex-fumigation pest control, which made up 34% of our revenue was down 1.9% and termite and ancillary services which made up approximately 18% of our revenue was up 6.2%. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 3.5% and from that residential was up 9%. Commercial ex-fumigation decreased 3.7% and termite ancillary grew by 5.9%. Our residential business continues to perform well and the business on the commercial side has seen steady improvement each month since April. While we continue to manage our costs appropriately, it's difficult to know how the revenue levels will look as we move through the pandemic, with restrictions continuing to change throughout the world. In total, gross margin increased to 52.8% from 51.7% in the prior year's quarter. The quarter was positively impacted by lower service and administrative salary expenses, as well as lower fuel expense and continued improvements from our routing and scheduling efficiencies. Additionally, materials and supplies were up as I referenced related to the inventory, revaluation of our personal protective equipment. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased 714,000 to $22.4 million an increase of 3.3%. Depreciation increased $1 million due to acquisitions, vehicles acquired and equipment purchases, while amortization of intangible assets decreased 286,000 due to the full amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions including HomeTeam and tuck-ins related to Orkin. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter increased 838,000 or five tenths of a percent to $168 million or 28.8% of revenues down from 30% last year. The quarter produced savings in salaries and benefits, lower fuel and bad debt through better collection efforts. As for our cash position for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2020, we spent 79.9 million on acquisition compared to 431.2 million the same period last year, which included the acquisition of Clark Pest Control. We paid $91.7 million on dividends and had 17.7 million of capital expenditures, which was slightly lower compared to 2019. We ended the period with $95.4 million in cash of which 62.9 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Before I close, I would like to give an update on one of our sustainability initiatives, particularly as it relates to our local communities. Through corporate and brand initiatives such as Rollins United and Northwest Good Deeds Teams, Rollins employees across all brands are strongly encouraged to volunteer within our local community. In 2021, our employee volunteered goals include community cleanup efforts, trafficking, education awareness, literacy programs and support of the United Way to name a few. Rollins has committed to giving back to our communities through a strong philanthropic vision. Please go to rollins.com under the Investor Relations tab to view the full 2020 sustainability report. Yesterday, the Board of Directors approved a large regular cash dividend of $0.08 per share, plus a special dividend of $0.13 that will be paid on December 20, 2020 to stockholders of record at the close of business November 10, 2020. In addition, they also announced a three for two stock split that will take effect December 10, 2020 for stockholders a record at the close of business, November 10, 2020. Gary, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you, Eddie. We're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Tim Mulrooney, William Blair. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning to Gary, my condolences once again to you and your family on the passing of your brother.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Just a few questions this morning. On the last conference call, Eddie, you mentioned that you hit 10 out of 10 record new sales days in June and July. Now, how did your new sales trend through August and September does it remain elevated or did you see a return to more normalized sales patterns as you exited that peak selling season?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Tim. Thanks. Yes, we didn't highlight that today. And I don't know if we necessarily duplicated that that number that we had shared before. But I think based on what we reported as far as the revenue gains, you can see that they were elevated especially on the residential side. And our call center did the much higher activity, has seen in previous years, even as we started to come out of the season and move into some cooler areas, as we've seen. Again, the majority of that was on the residential side. But we have seen incremental improvements on the commercial side as well, for some of the smaller businesses that would come through our call center for that.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. On the margins, EBITDA margins were particularly strong this quarter, nearly 24%. Is there any way for you to quantify for us how much of this is from the temporary cost cuts that you implemented earlier this year? I'm trying to figure out how much of this expansion in margin we've seen recently a structural from your routing and scheduling, for example, versus how much of this is more of a temporary dynamic?
Eddie Northen: Well, there's no question that routing and scheduling is paying great dividends for us now, especially as we're having to have technicians potentially adjust and change some routes that they maybe would have historically run on both sides, on the residential as we're growing gives us the ability to be able to do that smoothly. And on the commercial side, it allows us to kind of reduce some of the noise that we would have by being able to schedule. We had one of the best quarters, which we didn't go through in detail. We had one of the best quarters as far as year-over-year, stops per mile improvement in the quarter, which is positive. And I think those types of things to the point of your question are more structural in nature. I believe that the majority of the folks that we had furloughed, as we went into the pandemic that are going to be brought back, had been brought back at this point in time. And I think that our both our operations and our non-operations groups absolutely are leaner than when we started. We've been forced to find ways as many organizations have to use technology in ways that have made us more efficient. So I don't have a defined answer and exact answer for you. We will be leaner and margins will be better as a part of this as we're moving forward. But I think as we see that revenue growth we'll get a more and better and clear answer to that. The good news is from Q2 to Q3, we continue to see those margins positively impacted, even as we've had more revenue on the residential side and even more revenue on the commercial side, come back into the business.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. And what I think you pretty much did answer…
Operator: Excuse me, this the operator only two questions per participant, and then you can reenter the question queue after that. The next question is from Seth Weber, RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, sir.
Seth Weber: And I'd also like to extend my condolences to everybody there. I want to ask about the commercial business. You mentioned that trends improved sequentially month-to-month. And I was just wondering, I think you said for the quarter, organic was down about 3.7. Can you just talk about, did it end up with September in positive territory in the commercial side? Or is that still trending negative through September? Thanks.
John Wilson: Yes. I think we're still negative. We have a few different operations that have some heavy concentration in areas that are the most impacted right now. And we have a heavy concentration in New York City area, those of you that are there around that area know and understand the impact of what's going on there. But we're definitely seeing improvements in other areas that have been an opportunity to open back up and as businesses have been able to make those decisions. And our sales group continues to do a good job looking and working on those verticals, where we know that there's less impact. On the healthcare side and on logistics and those things like that, they continue to do a nice job, but in those areas. So positive improvements, but I wouldn't say that we're positive quite yet.
Seth Weber: Okay. And then, a follow up on that, I think I heard in some of the SG&A discussion that bad debt expense actually got better. Can you just talk about your collection efforts and what kind of trends you're seeing on the commercial side with respect to any kind of customer pain or just extensions that are happening on the commercial side specifically on the collections? Thanks.
Eddie Northen: On the collection side, on the residential side is where we saw our improvements that occurred. And those were in our larger brands and if you think about our larger brands that are going to have residential bases -- large residential bases, our Orkin brand or HomeTeam brands, our Clark brand, all have larger residential bases. And we were able to see improvements there. On the commercial side, obviously, that continues to be a struggle, we made adjustments to payment terms, mostly in Q2 with our customers that we made the decision to do that with, we really didn't have a lot of new customers in Q3 where we request and we made adjustments for that. But the high profile bankruptcies that you read about that we read about a lot of those, in cases, our customers. So we've worked really diligently to minimize our exposure in those areas. And the news for us there is that a lot of those customers that are on that bankruptcy list have been on that list for the past year, so well before the pandemic occurred, as they were on our watch list, we were minimizing our exposure at that point in time. But the reality is the customers that are struggling to stay in business today are just working day-to-day and we're trying to work with them as a partner. But the collections on that side is slightly slower but on the residential side with a positive impact.
Operator: We have a question from Mario Cortellacci, Jefferies. Please go ahead, sir.
Mario Cortellacci: I'd also like to send my condolences to all of you and Gary and your family. I'm very sorry for your loss. My question is around the disinfecting business and specifically in commercial. I guess, could you give us a sense of what kind of uptick you're seeing there, how much uptake you're seeing from customers. And the reason why I'm asking is just to understand how much of the improvement in revenue and on the commercial side has been this offset from the disinfectant business versus having customers come back, either coming back, or increasing the amount of service that they're getting.
Eddie Northen: I'm sure John's going to have some comments that he'd like to add. But I would say if you look at those two categories, it would be more weighted towards customers coming back. But the disinfectant, the new services, in many of our brands has been a positive impact for us to be able to go through and add on the revenue side. What we see from the disinfectant side, customers that have had some sort of incident occur, that need to ensure that they have this taken care of and the cleanliness in their workplace, either for their customers or for their employees those are the ones that we have a shorter sales cycle for, and that one need to get something in place. Others that know, this is the right thing to do, but aren't necessarily under that same pressure, we had a little bit of a longer sales cycle. And we're learning as we continue to move forward. But it continues to grow for us. But I would say if you had to differentiate between those two, that we've had more incremental business that has come back.
John Wilson: Yes. You're exactly right, the impact from that of -- in Orkin, we call it bottle cleaner, various brands have different names that they're calling it as they go to market. But the impact of the gap for commercial revenue to a year ago is very small from bottle clean, most of it has been from customers returning to services, their needs change.
Eddie Northen: We don't have a lot of view of things that are kind of outside of our area where we are, as we know, most of us aren't traveling these days. We just know what our view is here in Georgia. And a lot of things have opened back up and are more close to what we knew before. And you contrast that with something like the New York City area where it is significantly different than what it was like before. So it's those pockets that are seeing those incremental improvements, that we're able to see customers come back and we're able to continue to be able to service them.
Gary Rollins: Could I add one thing, Eddie? We're very fortunate that that in most of our commercial accounts hospitality related, health related they can put the service off indefinitely. They know that the best will come back, the way they got started to begin with receiving merchandise from outside and so forth. So that's a positive thing that we're disappointed when they differ a service. But our experience has been is they will be back. And I think, our numbers have showing that.
Mario Cortellacci: Thank you. And then, just on M&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Mr. Michael Hoffman. Stifel, Nicolaus & Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much. And like my colleagues, we wish your family the best, Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Michael Hoffman: Two questions I have are focused on organic growth and then on margins. On the organic growth side. we're noticing across the Stifel coverage broadly, that work from home is having interesting, positive -- mostly positive consequences. I point to like Pentair reported extraordinary pool numbers, and so on and so forth. Can you disaggregate the 9% and help us understand how much is being influenced by people all at home and so they're ordering maybe adding mosquito and tick and or that you spoke to the wildlife number, versus its net new customer ads, so we can understand the influence? And then what are your thoughts about how that starts to anniversary?
Eddie Northen: Yes. Thank you, Michael. We don't break out customers and things like that, I will tell you that we have had great new customer growth. But I can't really -- I don't know really know exactly, how much of this is being driven by someone at home that is adding the mosquito versus that they would want the mosquito. Our mosquito continues to grow at a 30% plus rate as it has for the previous few years. That's a little bit of a higher base. It's still a low base, but it's a little bit of a higher base of what we've seen previously. But we are seeing good new customer growth that has come out of this. Now, as far as, when it comes down to [indiscernible], can't answer that either just because we just don't know. We don't know that people continue to work from home, where we have situations where there's an additional need for more services. We anticipate that our retention of those customers will be higher, because, as we talked before, as we add an additional service, the retention of those customers improves for us. So as they add mosquito or as they add one of our other services, that retention rate does increase and [indiscernible] it in our Orkin brand that we've seen that across the board in all of our services there. So, big customer growth and probably the best that we can say at this point.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. On the margin side between gross margins and then as a cost to SG&A. So the gross margin came down 100 basis points sequentially, which makes sense if you're bringing back furloughed people. We flushed out the sort of that returning a people issue. And then on the SG&A side, you clearly have shown a lot of discipline in the management of that in an absolute dollar basis, as well as percent of revenue. How much of that is annual accrual things that will come back versus is permanent?
Eddie Northen: I will take the first part of your question, I think we've pretty much moved through all the furloughed process that we had just a very small number, that would still be -- we could be making decisions on but I think Q2 we saw the majority that Q3. It's kind of moved through. On the structural side on the SG&A, like I was answering earlier, we're leaner than we were when we went into this. We did have some positive impact that impacted through our bad debt. But we also saw very strong improvements in our administrative salaries, as well as our personnel related. So structurally on the people side, I think Q2 and Q3 we're seeing kind of similar trends there. And, we use technology to be able to make us better and be able to make us more efficient as we're moving forward.
Operator: We have a further question from Mr. Tim Mulrooney, William Blair. Please go ahead sir.
Tim Mulrooney: Hey, thanks for taking my next question. Eddie, I just wanted to follow up on your previous answer to me. The way you said that one of your greatest improvements and reduction of miles driven was this quarter. Is that due to anything that you're -- I guess doing differently or are your branches just becoming more mature? On the VRM system, I guess maybe I'm just looking for a general update on where you're at with your tech initiatives and rollout?
Eddie Northen: Yes. So yes, I would say two things and John's got something to add as well. I think two things to say. One maturity continues to move forward in time. As we continue to have retention of our technicians that's going to be a positive thing for us. But we had these four stages of routing and scheduling. And we're in this -- we're kind of in this phase two of this four stage and as we continue to layer on additional technology pieces that are kind of behind the scenes for the operation, that's going to continue to drive improvements. So I would say improvements will continue to be positive as we're moving forward.
John Wilson: Yes. I will add two things, Eddie, and the first one is very similar, but greater adoption, Tim, no doubt with our branch operations. But then also greater density with huge amount of residential customers, we've added commercial coming back. We just have greater density on our routes.
Gary Rollins: One other thing that we had to look forward too, we did not have all of our brands on our routing and scheduling.
Eddie Northen: That's right.
Gary Rollins: So we've got I guess what we're converting now – 
John Wilson: [Indiscernible] converted, and then we have other brands that we're adding as well. But, yes you're right, as we talk about this four phases, that's exactly.
Gary Rollins: That's always a good time. If you have the people that want it, they adapt it so much quicker than a normal situation. You have to convince them.
Endof Q&A:
Operator: Gary?
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company. As you've heard during the past calls, we have several programs underway that will make our company better, improve our customers experience and our financial results. We look forward to giving you an update with our fourth quarter call in the future. Thanks again.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Rollins Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Marilynn Meek. Please go ahead.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin 1 hour after the call and run for 1 week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-844-512-2921 with a pass code 13705813. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilynn. Thank you, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2020 conference Call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Paul Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Before talking about our results, I want to express how concerned and focused we are regarding the spread of COVID-19. We know many of you are experiencing the expansion of the virus in your communities, and we hope you and your family are doing well and remain safe. Now back to our second quarter. Revenues for the quarter grew 5.6% to $553.3 million compared to $524 million for the same quarter in 2019. Net income rose approximately 17.2% to $75.4 million or $0.23 per diluted shares compared to $64 million or $0.20 per diluted shares for the second quarter of last year. Revenues for the first 6 months of the year were $1.04 billion, an increase of 9.3% compared to $953 million for the same period last year. Net income for the first 6 months increased 8.9% to $118.6 million or $0.36 per diluted share compared to $0.33 per diluted share for the comparable period last year, a 9% increase. Turning to our business lines results in the quarter. Residential pest control grew an outstanding 14.8%. Commercial, however, excluding fumigation, was down 5.2%. We have offset some of those commercial revenue shortfalls with termite and ancillary service, which was up 7.3%. Eddie will provide greater detail around these numbers. During what we consider the most challenging time in our company's history, our employees' efforts and contributions have been exceptional in every regard. We couldn't be more grateful and proud of them in what they've done. They truly are our most valuable asset. We continue to be aware and involved to ensure their safety and good health. They are provided with personal protection as needed as they go about servicing our customers. Most of our technicians are working remotely, and avoiding spacing issues that would exist their coming into our branch offices. The majority of our home office and call center employees are also working remotely. Our commitment to safe practices involves our valued customers as well. On the plus side, most of our residential customers have been at home 24/7, and they are becoming even more conscious of their home, and in some cases, the need to protect their family and property from unwanted pests. Additionally, as families self-quarantine, many are spending more time in their yards, recognizing the need for mosquito control. We are benefiting from the high regard, trust and confidence that our customers have in our brands, which is, in part, responsible for our fast-growing pest control revenue and our gain in new customers, all at record-setting rates. Before turning the call over to John, I want to note, while we were pleased with our results for the quarter, we continue to face the challenges of the pandemic and the unknowns that go with it. As a result, we review and adjust our activities and policies routinely to help us better address the impact of COVID-19. As I mentioned, commercial pest control unfortunately has been more impacted by the virus and its related economic circumstances. However, we've been narrowing the revenue shortfall gap each month since March. Anecdotally, we are seeing a growing realization at many businesses that they can't shut down pest control services for an extended period of time without having infestation consequences. A worthwhile offset to these commercial pest control challenges has been our other brands and introduction of our disinfectant service, VitalClean. As a result of this new service development prior to the pandemic, we had the ability to roll out related sales and service protocols quickly. VitalClean is gaining traction, and we would expect it to be more significant contributor to our commercial revenue going forward. Let me now turn the call over to John, who will provide more details on these aspects of our business. John?
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary, and good morning. I would like to echo the commentary Gary made earlier about our team members. A common theme worldwide was their unbelievable response to this pandemic and their commitment to their customers throughout this event. As the pandemic started, we saw firsthand, the trust that our customers have in our highly reputable brands and service professionals. Additionally, we quickly moved to outfit our field teams with personal protective gear that help keep them safe, as well as give our customers confidence in our ability to service their pest needs responsibly. Without the response we received from our outstanding team members, our customers would have been left unprotected from many insect and rodent caused health threats. Thank you all very much for what you do. As we noted last quarter, Orkin and many of our other brands are now offering a disinfection service, which quickly and thoroughly eliminates a wide variety of serious pathogens. Comprehensive disinfection is imperative to keeping an establishment as sterile as possible and disease free. During the second quarter, we were very delighted to see the positive reception this service is receiving from our commercial customers. I was especially pleased at a wide-ranging movement from our field teams to provide this service [indiscernible] to hundreds of first-responder locations: police stations, firehouses and hospitals. As the economy slowly opens and our -- and more commercial businesses begin welcoming back their patrons for indoor dining, shopping or as guests in their hotels, and as their employees go back to the various workplaces, we expect the demand for VitalClean services to continue to grow. We are pleased with the progress thus far and very excited about the potential for this opportunity. Our call centers were very busy during the second quarter as reflected in our increased residential sales. The record book for performance was completely rewritten as our inbound telephone sales effort replaced 7 of the top 10 sales days in our history. From what we are currently experiencing, we are optimistic that these results will continue into the third quarter as July performance certainly reflects that as the remaining 3 top 10 sales days have been replaced. Last, we continue to expand our company's presence both in the U.S. and globally, having made second quarter acquisitions in Australia and the U.K. On July 1, we announced one of our Australian subsidiaries had acquired the largest independent pest control company in Australia, Adams Pest Control. This acquisition solidifies Rollins' national coverage in Australia. Adams Pest, founded by John Adams and established in 1944, has expertise in all aspects of general pest and wildlife control and is the market leader in the Greater Melbourne and Adelaide areas. In the United Kingdom, we also acquired 2 environmentally friendly companies. Albany Environmental Services based in Central London and Van Vynck Environmental Services in Essex. These latest acquisitions bring our presence to 7 companies covering all the U.K. We are very pleased to welcome these very fine companies and their teams to the Rollins portfolio of best businesses. I will now turn the call over to Eddie.
Paul Northen: Thank you, John. Our press release on July 7 gave you some insight as to what we knew at that time related to the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Today, I'll share some details on our Q2 actual results and some additional insight to what we know today that will impact the future. During the entirety of the second quarter, our operations have remarkably navigated all that we, as a society, have dealt with related to the economic and health impacts of the virus. Additionally, our nonfield operation group successfully switched to a remote work model and did not miss a beat with their support. As you can see from the outcome, their collective results and efforts have been outstanding. From a reporting perspective, please also keep in mind that we lapped our initial Clark acquisition on May 1, and we will see much more normalized financial results for the quarter and the foreseeable future. For the quarter, our residential pest control and termite services lines showed growth, and keys to the quarter included higher materials and supplies costs, which included the purchase of personal protective equipment, successful cost containment implemented to drive margin improvements year-over-year and provision set up for potential of commercial customer bad debt. Looking at the numbers, the second quarter revenue of $553.3 million was an increase of 5.6% over the prior year's second quarter revenue of $524 million. Income before income taxes was $103.5 million or 19% above 2019. Net income was $75.4 million, up 17.2% compared to last year. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.23 per diluted share. EBITDA was $126.9 million and rose 16.4% compared to 2019. Our Q2 numbers have begun to normalize again as we lapped the initial Clark acquisition in the quarter. The first 6 months revenue of $1.041 billion was an increase of 9.3% over the prior year's first 6 months revenue of $953 million. Income before income taxes was $158.9 million or 11.1% above last year. Net income was $118.6 million, up 9.3% compared to 2019. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.36 per diluted share. EBITDA was $206.1 million and rose 13.6% compared to 2019. As we stated on our Q1 call, we began aggressively purchasing PP&E in March and in April. This, along with the transition to new, more diversified vendors impacted our materials and supplies costs between $2 million and $3 million in Q2 and will impact the business in a similar manner for the remainder of the year. Let's take a look through the Rollins revenue by service lines for the second quarter. As Gary reviewed, our total revenue increase of 5.6% included 3.1% from Clark and other acquisitions and the remaining 2.5% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 47% of our revenue, was up 14.8%; commercial pest control ex fumigation, which made up 33% of our revenue, was down 5.2%; and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 20% of our revenue, was up 7.3%. Also of note, our wildlife services were up strong double digits yet again this quarter. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 2.5%. And from that, residential was up 10.3%, commercial ex fumigation decreased 7.8%, and termite and ancillary grew by 5.5%. As John mentioned in his remarks, but I also want to recognize our call centers that made the transition to working remotely and then went on to set numerous revenue and sales records which helped drive our residential growth. Both Gary and John discussed the trust of our customers during the quarter. Our investment in PP&E also helped our customers to show trust in our well-known brands. Seeing their technicians or salesperson in full PP&E gave a comfort that we also had the customer safety top of mind. Our feedback from customers shared on our NPS score for our residential product showed 2.4 percentage points higher than last year, which included a new COVID-19 category. This data was further supported by significantly better Google reviews and Facebook recommendations. Marketing has supported our ops very well to gain these insights. In total, gross margin increased to 53.8% from 51.7% in the prior year's quarter. The quarter was positively impacted by our lower salary expense in the areas of company furloughs, layoffs and salary reductions as well as lower fuel expense and continued improvements from our routing and scheduling initiatives. Additionally, materials and supplies were up, as discussed earlier. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased $1.8 million to $21.9 million, an increase of 8.9%. Depreciation increased $1 million due to acquisitions, vehicles acquired and equipment purchases, while amortization of intangible assets increased $754,000 due to the amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions, including Clark. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter increased $9.4 million or 5.8% to $171.3 million or 30.9% of revenues, which was flat to last year. The quarter produced savings in salaries and benefits, lower fuel, discretionary savings, but was offset with a higher reserve set for our anticipated bad debt, primarily from our commercial customers due to COVID-19. Our commercial business is a mirror to the general economy around the world. While many of our commercial pest control customers are paying at a slower rate than normal, they are still paying. Based on what we know at this time, we feel that we have adequately reserved for those customers that may not be in business on the other side of the pandemic. Our cash flow continues to be strong, and at this time, we have no changes to our capital allocation plans. As our top priority, we've continued with our M&A activity around the globe. As John mentioned, we completed several acquisitions in the quarter and have plans for more in the future. During the quarter, we more aggressively paid down our debt and are now on track to have this retired in late 2021. As for our cash position for the period ended June 30, 2020, we spent $56 million on acquisitions compared to $410.1 million in the same period last year, which included Clark. We paid $65.5 million on dividends and had $12.4 million of CapEx, which were slightly lower compared to 2019. We ended the period with $134.8 million in cash, of which $73.2 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Before I close, I want to share that we have released our first-ever sustainability report for 2019. We've taken the opportunity to highlight some of the things that we have going on in the areas of the environment, social and governance. The report has been posted on our website, and we look forward to building on these areas as a company as we move through 2020 and beyond. Yesterday, the Board of Directors approved a temporary reduction of the regular cash dividend to $0.08 per share that will be paid on September 10, 2020 to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 10, 2020. Gary, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Timothy Mulrooney: Congrats on a nice quarter in these difficult times.
Paul Northen: Thank you, for that.
Timothy Mulrooney: Given how much is going on lately, I have plenty of questions about the quarter, but something else came up recently that I wanted to get your perspective on. So here it goes. A major lawn care provider recently announced that they're getting into the residential exterior pest services. Given how well residential pest has held up during the pandemic, are you seeing that more often other service providers encroaching into the pest control space? Do you view this as a competitive threat? Are you not concerned? Any thoughts you have on this issue would be greatly appreciated.
Paul Northen: Yes. So I guess what I would say is that we've seen through the years, and Gary can share his 50-plus years of what he's seen getting in and out of this space over time, residential continues to grow at a very hefty rate. But at the same time, it's a very fragmented market, as you know. We have a very healthy market share and other large players also have a very healthy market share. But there are a lot of other regional and mom-and-pop players that are part of this market as well. I know John has had some interaction with different companies as well. So John, I don't know if you want to share something and maybe Gary share what you've seen in the past.
John Wilson: Yes, sure. Thank you, Eddie. Tim, we've seen sort of an evolution with TruGreen as their noncompete with Terminix has sort of expired, go from lawn to offering tick-and-flea services to mosquito to now what their offering is, is essentially outdoor residential pest control, outdoor only. And so the relationship with the technician and the customer is a struggle. And cross-selling those customers is a real struggle. I think if that were easy to do, ServiceMaster would still own both brands and they would have been more successful at selling -- cross-selling those services. So while it certainly bears watching, it's a tough sled. So we'll see what they do.
Gary Rollins: Many of you may know that we were like the number three lawn care company in the country. And we had the decision kind of moving in the other way. Just felt like the lawn care business would be under more scrutiny, the fact that more regulatory pressures were existing. And we just didn't see the growth pattern and margin pattern equaling pest control. So what we did is when we got out of the business, we just ramped up our acquisitions and ramped up the speed in our revenue. It's going to be a challenge for them to do. Well, they say nothing's hard for the guy that doesn't have to do it. That may apply to us, Eddie, but we welcome them. Anytime a competitor comes in that has big prices, it just makes our job easier.
Timothy Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you for that perspective, everybody. That's very helpful. As my follow-up, I'll ask one question about commercial pest. Gary, you mentioned something that I thought was interesting. You said you're narrowing the revenue shortfall gap each month since March. Is another way for me to interpret that is to say, as you move through the quarter, the declines became smaller each month? So April was down the most, May was down less, June was down less, and July is down even less than June. Am I reading that right?
Paul Northen: Tim, I'll start, and I'll let Gary share, obviously, what he wants to say. But I mean, we're really going to be the mirror of the economy in general. So I think in March going into early April is when the majority of the economy was completely shut down. And I think as you saw pockets begin to open up and you began to see commerce and hiring began and some of the stimulus checks get into people's hands, I think that made people make different decisions on things. And I think you've kind of seen the ebb and flow, of course, of that as some things are starting to kind of tighten up again. But I think incrementally, as things got a little bit better and a little better, we saw that on the commercial side as well. Do you want to say anything else on that?
Gary Rollins: Yes, I would. Just for a minute. We -- as I said before, we've been in the business. We think that there's different growth patterns in lawn care than in pest control. But we -- what we're seeing is more of our commercial accounts, especially in the food-related industries realize that they can't defer their pest control indefinitely. And that's one of the motivations of them coming back. Because they've had an experience typically of large infestations and that's one of the things. They cannot do without pest control indefinitely. And they've got health department attention naturally. And so we really think that -- we see them coming back, but we think they'll continue to come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Emily McLaughlin: This is Emily McLaughlin on for Seth this morning. My first question is on the margins. They were clearly very strong this quarter. Can you frame for us how much that reflected the temporary cost actions? And what will come back with volumes as they improve? And I know you called out routing and scheduling enhancements as a benefit. Any way to quantify that?
Paul Northen: I would say a couple of things. One, if this event had to occur -- if the virus had to occur, the pandemic had to occur, from a business standpoint, it was the best possible time for us as an organization. We had not hired for our peak season. We were just starting into that at that point in time. So it enabled us to really be able to go through and quickly align the payroll side as best we could. And then John and team as well as here in our home office, we made some difficult decisions and made some cuts to be able to go through and be prepared. So if, in fact, this were to be a lot worse than what -- at least what it's been so far, we feel like we were prepared from a payroll standpoint and a discretionary standpoint. And as we've moved through time and as we've seen some of the business come back and as we've seen pockets in some areas flourish, especially on the residential side, we've adjusted the payroll based on that. So we continue to manage on the discretionary side very closely. And we'll continue to do that. We'll continue to monitor that. I've stolen my boss's saying that there are still more unknowns than knowns at this point in time. So staying very close to that to make sure that we're appropriately managing on the cost side will be something that we'll be -- that we'll have a clear focus on. And John and team across all the brands have done that. And of course, the commercial operations have been the most impacted, our brands that are predominantly commercial. But we have a lot of brands that have both residential and commercial, in a lot of cases, termite.
John Wilson: Emily, if I may add. We got a pretty good indicator over the last 2 weeks of March that our commercial business is going to be most heavily impacted and -- whereas residential in our termite business was going to remain strong. So our people were able to laser in on the commercial side of that business and then -- and react very, very quickly. And then further to that, as we furlough those people, we maintained them on benefits. And as various circumstances happened, we were able to recall them and put them back to work and make them productive right away. So our teams in the field did a terrific job reacting. And as Eddie said, we hadn't really shifted into high gear quite yet on our hiring for the season. So those factors were at play.
Emily McLaughlin: Okay. That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up on VitalClean. I know it's still early days, but is there any way to think about the revenue and the margin contribution in the quarter? And what the take rate of that offering is with the clients that are reopening? And if it's helping you win new customers?
Paul Northen: So we're not going to break that out. We don't break any other pieces out like that. I'll say that what we are seeing -- we're pleased with the growth that we've seen in a short period of time. What we're seeing is a couple of different things. One, if customers have some sort of incident at their locations, they're typically much more open to quickly move forward and get that in place. And then as other places are fully ramping up, so restaurants instead of being takeout and delivery now having seat -- inside seating. Those are the types of places where we've seen much more of a need. And as the economy continues to move in that direction, I think we'll see good opportunities. But it's been a great cross-sell for us. John and team, again, hats off. We're able to get the product launched, to get the salespeople trained, to get technicians fully trained and for our procurement group to get the product into the hands of our folks in a very short period of time has been very positive. So it's another trust point for our customers that we allow them to be able to run their business by us supporting them and it just takes one more worry off of their plate, having to deal with this whole situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Cortellacci with Jefferies.
Mario Cortellacci: I wanted to drill a little further into the commercial business. And just, I guess, what you're seeing from commercial customers right now? Have you seen any bankruptcies from that business that could potentially impair a part of it? Obviously, I know you have the disinfectant business that is going to offset some of the lost revenue there, and hopefully the commercial comes back. But I just wanted to see, I guess, what do you expect longer term? Is there going to be a partial impairment of the commercial business longer term? And obviously, you'll gain some new commercial customers as the economy rebound, but would love to get your thoughts there.
Paul Northen: Well, I don't think anybody has the full crystal ball on exactly what the economy is going to look like for Q3, Q4 moving into next year. I think there's no question that there will be bankruptcies that will come out of this. We've seen some of those already. We have the same headlines that you have, having to do with major franchise groups that have gone bankrupt, restaurant chains, some retail stores and things like that when you don't have foot traffic and you're shutting down, of course, they're having to deal with everything dealing with that. So we're dealing with that. We're staying close to those customers. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we have set aside a reserve for what we feel is appropriate based predominantly on our commercial customers. And that's really where we're seeing the impact at this point. Residential, we're not seeing an impact at this time, having to do with the concern with that. But we're staying close to those large customers to try to help mitigate whatever we can and also work with our long-term customers that we've had relationships with. We want to help them to survive this as best we can, and we're going to work with them as appropriate. But then we'll take the needed steps from there.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. And then just one more, and I'll turn it over. Obviously, you guys have had great strength in residential, and congratulations on that. But I guess just -- I think that's obviously being driven from the work-from-home dynamics. But I guess, just are you seeing anything little deeper down below the surface that we're not seeing? Is there anything that could be causing maybe a shift or a step-up in the long-term trajectory of the residential growth rate?
Paul Northen: I would point to two things. I would point to, one, the continued growth of our mosquito product. If we go back 2 years -- if we go back 3 years ago, it was roughly 1.7% of our total revenue. Now it's grown to 2.8% of our total revenue, which again, is not necessarily material at this point in time yet, but the growth rate has been very strong over now going on a 4-year time period. And I think if you were to ask our folks, they would believe that we have a good opportunity to grow this product for many years to come. It's a great add on. It's our highest retention service that we have. Once people have it, they know that their lifestyle has changed. So I think that's one thing that's going to continue to help us drive on that residential market. When customers have more than one product -- if they take more than one service from us, their likelihood of staying with us doubles over that time period.  So if they were only a pest control customer, and now we add on mosquito to that, it doubles their average time that they stay with us. So when we have less turnover from a customer standpoint, that's going to help us continue to make sure that we're growing as we move into the future. And then the second point that I would make would be what we're seeing as far as the shift of the need one from services from the newest homeowners, the general folks that are the newest homeowners that are out there, the millennials that are the newest homeowners that are out there, they gravitate -- kind of stereotypically seem to gravitate more towards services, paying for food delivery, paying for things like that. And we believe that the services that we offer are also going to potentially fall into that category, and we're seeing a good take rate from the newest homeowners that are out there.
Gary Rollins: Eddie, if I could add one thing. We've been investing quite heavily in technology. And one of those areas, in particular, is provide the customer more ways that they can pay us. And before we had the quarterly customer and they paid at the end of the previous quarter. And now they can pay by monthly. So there's other ways that they can pay, and that's been highly acceptable. And I think Eddie made a real good comment about, if our customer has multiple services, and we call it bundling, so typically that starts when they're sold. And that's helped a lot as far as customer satisfaction is concerned.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: I appreciate the time. I'd like to try and thread in some of the previous questions and maybe tease out a little bit of clarity, and somehow ask 2 questions and turn into 10, right? Gary, your comment about VitalClean is -- I think what you were trying to say is even if I'm not open yet, I know I'm going to be, I better start the pest service because it's -- you're getting in positions. That was the point. Not VitalClean, I meant the -- well, that's part of VitalClean. But is that part of your comment about commercial, is that some are even doing the pest service even though they're not opening yet, but they expect to be open, that was part of what you were indicating? Because of the...
Gary Rollins: Well, the part of that VitalClean is taking place right now is more and more companies are coming back. And they've read about the dangers. They know more about the dangers of the virus and so forth. And they also, from a PR point -- HR point of view, they want to be able to tell their employees what they're doing to maintain good health practices. So that's been a wonderful factor as far as this past quarter, and it will be beyond. I mean if the experts are ready and are correct, then we should be seeing a continuation of this group of customers.
Michael Hoffman: And some customers restarted pest without being back open again because of your infestation comment?
Paul Northen: Yes. I think that's what we've seen as the time has gone by is that...
Michael Hoffman: Okay. That's what I was trying to understand better. Okay. And then on June 30, you all filed a 13D with regards to the original trust and dissolve that trust and there's a distribution. Are those distributions done? Are there any restrictions on those shares with regards to how they can be traded or not or can -- having redistributed all those shares, are those individual smaller trusts now allowed to do whatever they want with the shares?
Paul Northen: Mike, there was no material change. This has been updated multiple times throughout the years and just an update that was needed for the most recent setup that they have.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, but that didn't answer the question about trading restrictions on the shares.
Paul Northen: I did say that if you go back and read it, that I did say that there were no material changes. This was just an update that they've done periodically over time.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the floor over to Gary for closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Thank you. I want to thank you for participating. We still -- unfortunately, there's more that we don't know than we do know. I think most of you will agree in just following the monthly dialogue and the spike and various components that are impacting the disease and -- but we meet weekly or every other weekly, our key management people, to evaluate the success that we're having in different aspects of our defensive and offensive policy. And I didn't know you're going to quote more on there's more known than unknown...
Paul Northen: All right. It's so good. I have borrow it.
Gary Rollins: I'm the copyright person here. But thank you for your support during these challenging times and look forward to speaking with you on the next call. Thank you, again.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins Incorporated First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek of MWW Group. Please go ahead.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-844-512-2921 with the passcode of 3596058. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2020 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we'll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2019 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We find ourselves in a place that none of us could have ever imagined when we last spoke. Needless to say, in our over 50 years as a public company, we have never encountered anything close to this pandemic. Many refer to the economic crisis of 2008 as the closest example that we've had. But from my perspective, this virus is a totally different animal. Its impact is multifaceted, found ourselves in unchartered waters. Prior to the last two weeks of March, our pest control service and sales were very positive and on track. However, as the virus began to expand, we started to see a reduction in the demand for our services. Initially, California shutdown early, and we saw our business affected immediately. Further impacted by the hardest hit state, New York, and other states shutdown randomly until the end of the quarter. As you would expect, we were not able to cut our expenses enough during those final two weeks to adjust for the revenue drop. Revenues for the first quarter though grew 13.7% to $487.9 million compared to $429.1 million for the same quarter in 2019. Net income was approximately $43.3 million or $0.13 per diluted share compared to $44.2 million or $0.14 per share for the first quarter last year. On the positive side, we experienced growth in all of our business lines in the quarter, residential up 18.6%, commercial pest control rose 8%, and termite and ancillary services grew 17.4%. Couple of other bright spots during the quarter, mosquito sales and service began as the weather warmed. As a result, we saw record-setting growth in that business line. We also saw a strong revenue increase in our wildlife business, which increased double-digits over last year. Eddie will provide greater detail on this as well as other financial results shortly. You're entering what is traditionally the high pest season. All of our domestic and global facilities remain operational. However, commercial account retention and commercial sales results have been negatively impacted. Residential pest control demand remains positive and with termite, it's too early to judge the season. Overall, commercial pest control has been the most negatively impacted by the virus. Commercial crosses multiple verticals, including healthcare, food processing, logistics, grocery, retail, hospitality and others. Each of these industries is being impacted differently due to COVID-19. The hospitality, retail, restaurant business has been the most adversely affected, whereas we continue to see improved demand in healthcare, food processing, logistics and grocery. The business is facing an all-time concern about the transmission of germs. We're pleased to announce last month that Orkin began offering a new disinfectant service called Orkin VitalClean. This new service will help business quickly and thoroughly suppress a number of serious pathogens that could endanger their employees and customers. The VitalClean service has the potential to positively contribute to revenue and profit this year. John will provide more details on this new service. Our company has implemented numerous proactive and defensive actions to address the current business challenges and the impact of a pandemic. And while there are uncertainties regarding the duration and total effect of COVID-19, we anticipate our business will generally mirror the economy. This will be across the nation as regions, states, counties, and cities begin to open up. The actions that we have implemented take into consideration both the short-term impact and longer-term effects to follow. As the pandemic situation evolves, we will continue to evaluate our actions, their impact and adjust the business accordingly. Before turning the call over to John, I want to acknowledge our employees and their importance. Our people are our greatest asset, and we couldn't be prouder of them as they have quickly adjusted to the pandemic. We're experiencing an unprecedented time in our history, and our people are rising to the occasion in extraordinary ways. We're taking our responsibilities seriously as we've been deemed an essential service provider by the Department of Homeland Security. With this distinction and as the world's largest pest control company, we have an extremely important role during this critical time. Protecting people health and property and the public's well-being is an important assignment. I'll now turn the call over to John for more details.
John Wilson: Thank you. As Gary noted, we are certainly in very challenging times, and we are quickly responding to the impact that COVID-19 is having on our businesses, employees, and customers. Our people on the front-lines of this pandemic have performed heroically taking care of their customers and each other during this time. The services we provide are considered essential, so we are continuing to service our residential and commercial customers where possible. This holds true for our global operations as well, and we are continuing to do business in accordance with each country's guidelines. Our focus over the past weeks has been on ensuring that our employees around the globe are safe and that we are providing them with the protection they need to service their customers responsibly. Rollins has purchased and provided our technicians and other employees that interact with customers with disposable personal protective equipment, including masks, gloves, shoe covers, and protective outerwear. This is an ongoing investment that we believe we will continue to make in order to keep our employees and customers safe, in line with this new normal we are all facing. The highest priority during this difficult time is and always will be the safety and security of our team, especially on the front-line. To help ensure this, we have provided a companywide increase to our paid time-off program for all full and part-time employees. Full-time employees will receive up to 80 hours of PTO for emergency leave during this coronavirus pandemic, and our part-time team will receive 40 hours if they should need it. Our people can use this time for their own personal care or for a member of their immediate family who has tested positive or has been quarantined for suspected case of the virus. We believe these measures will provide our team with the help and support they need while protecting their health and the safety of those around them. Given current business conditions, we have temporarily furloughed a number of employees in both field operations and our home offices. The furloughs will allow us to rehire these employees as demand improves, and in the meantime, we are providing full employee benefits for those affected. Additionally, Rollins has suspended merit increases for the corporate staff, along with management salary reductions in both field and home office positions. Front-line team members have not been impacted by these salary reductions. Eddie will provide greater detail on this and other cost-cutting measures we have taken. As Gary noted, Orkin and many of our other brands are now offering a new disinfection service that will quickly and thoroughly eliminate a wide variety of serious pathogens. Large scale disinfection is imperative to keeping establishments where people shop, eat and work as sterile as possible and disease-free. Orkin's VitalClean is an effective option for reducing risk and helping restore a safer and healthier business environment. The Orkin program trademarked as VitalClean uses an EPA registered disinfectant labeled for use against a wide variety of pathogens and is included on the EPA's list of approved products or lists and that meet their criteria for use against SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19. When applied in accordance with the product label by trained service professionals, this powerful disinfectant will kill 100% of bacteria and viruses on hard, non-porous surfaces and will sanitize soft porous surfaces. We are very excited about the potential for this service for both our existing and potential customers. And now, I'll turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. Our press release on April 20 gave you some insights as to what we knew at that time related to the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Today, we will report on our Q1 actual results and add some insights to what we know today. Before I begin, I would also like to thank our over 15,000 employees that have adapted to a new way to work and support our customers, as well as those that have helped and supported our impacted employees as well as our communities. We want to thank them for their efforts. We will truly be getting through this together. As I go through the results of Q1, there are some items that were already being felt in our numbers. As Gary mentioned, the slowing of our commercial pest control revenue, and as John highlighted, an increased expense related to protective personal equipment or PPE for all customer-facing employees. While we patiently stood in line for PPE behind those first responder groups at the most critical need to ensure they receive first, we began accumulating masks and other items to ensure the safety of our employees. For the quarter, all of our service lines showed growth and key to the quarter included higher material costs and supplies as mentioned with the personal protective equipment, the launch of our new commercial disinfectant service Orkin VitalClean and our initial round of cost containment in our field operations and home office locations. In addition to reporting our Q1 numbers, my focus today will be to share what we know at this time related to Q2. Looking any of the numbers, the first quarter revenue of $487.9 million, an increase of 13.7% over the prior year's first quarter revenue of $429.1 million. Income before income taxes was $55.4 million, or 1.2% below 2019. Net income was $43.3 million, down 2.2% compared to 2019. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.13 per diluted share. EBITDA was $79.2 million and rose 9.2% compared to 2019. Our Q2 numbers will begin to normalize as we lock Clark in May of this year. The impact of the initial Clark acquisition to our net income for the quarter includes depreciation of $1.4 million mostly due to buildings and added vehicles, amortization of intangibles of $3.1 million, and interest expense of $2.4 million. As we've mentioned earlier, we began aggressively purchasing PPE in Q1 along with the equipment and supplies needed for our new disinfectant service VitalClean. These two items along with the transition to new more diversified pest product suppliers, impacted our materials and supply costs for Q1 and will impact the business for the remainder of the year. Let's take a look to the Rollins revenue by service line for the first quarter. Our total revenue increase of 13.7% included 8.6% from Clark and other acquisitions and the remaining 5.1% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 42% of our revenue was up 18.6%. Commercial pest control, which made up 38% of our revenue was up 8%; and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 20% of our revenue was up 17.4%. Also of note, as Gary mentioned, our wildlife services were up strong double-digits. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 5.1%, even with the slowdown during March. From that, residential was up 6.1%, commercial ex-fumigation increased 2.1%, and termite and ancillary grew 11%. There are two items that I'd like to note. As Gary mentioned, the continued growth of our mosquito service at record levels continues to drive our residential revenue. And also, this quarter eclipsed last quarter with double-digit increases as we also experienced the fastest termite and ancillary growth in the past six years. In total, gross margin reduced to 48.5% from 49.4% in the prior year's quarter. The quarter experienced increases in several categories, mostly driven by Clark in the categories of service salaries, administrative salaries and personnel related for our 401(k) match. Additionally, materials and supplies were up as discussed earlier. But moving the impact of Clark, gross margin improved 49.3% in 2020. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased $4.9 million to $21.6 million, an increase of 29.5%. Depreciation increased $2 million due to acquisitions, vehicles acquired and equipment purchases as mentioned earlier, while amortization of intangible assets increased $2.9 million due to the amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions including Clark. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased $18.3 million or 13.1% to $157.9 million, or 32.4% of revenues, down one-tenth of a percentage point from $139.5 million, or 32.5% of revenues for the first quarter of 2019. The decrease as the percent of revenue and the percent of revenue was primarily due to administrative salaries, sales salaries and personnel related all growing at a slower rate than our revenue growth, offset by higher insurance claims and maintenance and repairs due to scheduled IT projects. Our cash flow continues to remain strong at this time. Our conservative move in reducing our dividend will further improve our balance sheet and will add flexibility as needed for the future. There are currently more unknowns than knowns around the economic impact of the virus, and this step along with the others that we have taken will further prepare us to come out of this time and even stronger financial shape for the future. Finally, related to cash, as our top priority, we have continued with our M&A activity around the globe with completed acquisitions in March and plans for more in the second quarter. As for our cash position for the period ended March 31, 2020, we spent $47.6 million on acquisitions, compared to $7 million at the same period last year. We paid $39.3 million on dividends and had $6.7 million of capital expenditures, which was slightly higher compared to 2019. We ended the period with $92.6 million in cash, of which $64.2 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Before I wrap up, I want to share the pandemic-related impacts that we are aware of that will be ongoing. As most of you know, our payroll and benefits are just over 50% of our costs and are extremely variable based on our revenue levels. The two other major cost categories are fleet at about 7.5%, which is slightly less variable than payroll, and materials and supplies, which is also about 7.5% and variable based on revenue. Here are a few items and approximate impacts to consider for the second quarter. First, the cost items for the quarter. We'll have additional materials and supply expense, which will be between $2 million and $3 million for the PP&E for our customer-facing employees, and this will be ongoing for the foreseeable future. Costs for the benefits for furloughed employees will be between $300,000 and $500,000, and we will update as we know more in future quarters. Cost of additional paid sick and leave time related to COVID-19 will be between $350,000 and $600,000, and we would anticipate that amount reducing in future quarters. Offsetting these higher costs for Q2, we have cost containment or reductions implemented in April, which will impact Q2 between $18 million and $22 million. These include discretionary cuts and payroll, some of which John mentioned. Capital expenditure cuts to only essential products to run our business. This will reduce our historical percent to revenue by about one tenth of a percentage point or $700,000. We're moving into our mosquito and termite seasons, as Gary mentioned, which will help improve our route density and improve efficiency. And finally, the launch of VitalClean with early winds around the globe in industries such as food, housing, hospitality, fitness and transit. As a specific example, we just signed the British Columbia Transit system in Canada. As shelter-in-place rules change in the coming months, we anticipate demand for our pest services and new disinfectant to rise, and we are well-positioned to adapt as those changes occur. Until that time, we will continue to study and adjust our cost structure as needed. Finally, the Board of Directors approved the temporary reduction through our cash dividend to $0.08 per share that will be paid on June 10th, 2020, to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 11th, 2020. Gary, I will now turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Mario Cortellacci with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mario Cortellacci: Thank you. Hi, everyone. I hope everyone is doing well and staying safe. Just -- I think the most important thing for investors to derive in what the exit rates were at the end of March. And just wondering if you can give us more color and then if you can quantify what you saw organic growth for resi and commercial at the end of March and then how that's trended throughout April? Do you think that we've bottomed at this point? And just what do you see, I guess, where you can expect possibly the rest of the quarter? Obviously we don't know, but just based out of April trends?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Mario, I hate to punt on the first question out. That's really difficult. We have -- on the residential side, which we put in our press release, we're still seeing good demand. On the commercial side, we know what customers have been impacted on the commercial side. We've suspended some customers or they suspended us because of not having a need. And the reason why I'm pumping on the question is because we don't know of those ones that have suspended. We don't know which ones of those customers will be coming back. We have a feeling for the larger customers which ones will be coming back, but we just don't know about those mom and pops. They may or may not be coming back based on their personal economic situation. So, it's really too soon for us to be able to give any sort of prediction on that. And as Gary talked about on the termite side, that's hanging in there as well. But residential, we're definitely seeing the most positive, and we can give more color as we see things shaping up as we move forward. But I think at this point time, we're still not sure what that commercial is going to look like.
Mario Cortellacci: Okay. And then, even during, say, the exit in March, you can share any color on that?
Gary Rollins: Well, you look at the end of March and then you look at what that flowed into April. So, by the end of March, New York was shutdown, California was shutdown, a few other major states were shut down, but then you had other states that were beginning that shutdown process or shutdown portions of what they had going on. So, I just don't think that it's going to be fair for us to be able to even share that because I don't really know what that's going to look like. I know it's anecdotal. And if you need to go bowling, you can come here to Georgia because we have a bowling alleys open, but we also have restaurants -- we also have restaurants that are opened up. I know it's anecdotal, but we took a little poll this morning of my folks here and I said, okay, how many folks went to a sit-down restaurant since we've opened back up, and no one raised their hand. So, we just don't really know what the impact is going to be even as we're opening back up and what the impact is going to be longer term for these businesses to be able to stay in business.
Mario Cortellacci: Got you. Okay. And then just one more and I'll turn it over. On the disinfectant business, actually it's a very interesting idea, and I'm just wondering if you can kind of share some of the success that you might have seen, I think -- I've heard that you think the more success in Europe versus the U.S. in the early on days and probably with COVID hit over there versus the U.S. earlier. But what do you think that business looks like longer-term? I mean, just as people tend to have a very short memory, I mean, does this business accelerate in a year from now or do you think because people tend to be short-minded that maybe they forget about the COVID situation and they tell, I don't need this service anymore, and then maybe doesn't gain as much traction or have as much relevance maybe a year or two for now, just what your take on that?
Gary Rollins: Well, before 9/11, we could always walk through an airport and we could just go get on a plane. And then after 9/11, that changed for all of us, forever probably. And I don't think we know exactly what the outcome of this will be at this point in time. I think in the near-term, I think all of the things we've seen from the different states that are opening up have some form of a recommendation of the cleanliness. And so, we're trying to go through and talk about what makes sense for the verticals, where to spend our time from a sales perspective with that. Some are going to need that just to be able to get customer back in the door and feel comfortable. Now, what I think the question that we don't know is, what's going to be mandated as we move forward in time as far as cleanliness.
John Wilson: Yes. This is John Wilson, by the way, if I may add. I think Eddie hit the nail in the head with the mandated portion. I think there'll be certain industries, maybe hospitals, healthcare, food processing that it may well be mandated, some others that it's strongly recommended by the various government entities, health department, maybe most especially. So, it's hard to say, but I do think it can be fairly significant for us where the early returns is terrific in terms of what our people are managing to add to their customers with.
Mario Cortellacci: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tim Mulrooney from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning, everybody.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Tim.
Eddie Northen: Good morning, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney: Can you shed some light on your end market exposure in the commercial parts business? I understand you don't want to give any insight into the growth rates through April, but what would help me and others maybe model because we have to model something, right? Specifically, I'm curious what percent of your commercial business is restaurants and hotels, which are likely under significant pressure right now?
Eddie Northen: Yes, we've never broken that out. We're not going to break that out by vertical, and a lot of that's just going to be from a competitive standpoint. We don't want to put ourselves in the crosshairs of other competitors being able to step into the areas, but we have a good strong cross-section of all the different verticals. And if you'll go back to previous calls that we've had having to do with this topic, we've talked a lot about moving into the verticals such as -- or moving more strongly into verticals such as healthcare, such as food processing, such as logistics, and we've talked about that over the past couple of years. So, we've had a strong concentration in those areas. But there's no question that we have a very strong cross-section of all those different ones as well as a decent amount of large customers with a large performance of small and medium-sized customers as well.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, Eddie. Okay. That -- I understand. You don't want to disclose that for competitive reasons. Any vertical, I'm just trying to get something that can help us if any vertical more than 25% of your commercial business or can you tell us that no vertical is more than X percent of your business?  Any color that way where you're not really disclosing much of anything for competitive reasons but gives investors assurance that you're not over-weighted in any particular end market?
Eddie Northen: I think your last statement is spot on. We were not over-weighted in any individual vertical that is out there. We have a relatively diversified set of verticals and have percentages in those relatively diversified as well.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Because I read an article recently from specialty consultants, which does market sizing. I think in there, it said something like 40% of the commercial business is restaurants. So, it's fair to say that your end market mix does not necessarily match that of the broader market?
Gary Rollins: Your statement is correct. And I would -- I would be interested to understand the data behind what you read there. That's what I understand about, about what's out there in the industry. But your statements correct.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, cool. Thank you very much. I'll get back in the queue.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Seth Weber : Hi. Good morning. Hope everybody's well. I guess maybe a question for Eddie. Can you just talk about what you're seeing on the collection side? Are you seeing customers delay payments? Are you doing anything to kind of ensure just the quality of your receivables or anything like that? And then I just had a follow-up on the M&A comment. Thanks.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So we shored up our reserves a little bit on that side, just to make sure, we do have a pretty healthy diversified customer base as well, we really concentrated on higher income to be able to not only sell a product that sell more than one product. And we're seeing that band -- or income band of customers not being as impacted from a collection standpoint. So I think it's still a little bit too early to be able to say one way or another on that, you know, we're just three or four weeks into the unemployment checks and people still having, you know, relatively, relatively full income. But we're being a little bit cautious with that and we're being a little bit aggressive, putting more resources into that area, just to do the best that we can at this point.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thanks. And then just going back to your comment on -- 
Eddie Northen: Just one more thing, just one more thing with that, you may or may not know, there are certain states that have put mandates in place where you are not allowed to collect, and those there.
Seth Weber: Right.
Eddie Northen: So you probably already know about all those and we're complying as we should for all of those states.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thank you. And then just following up on your, your M&A comment, can you just characterize and valuation started to come down across the group here, over the last couple months relative to where they were?
Eddie Northen: I would say the number of sellers are much less than what we've seen in previous times. And I would say that valuations for those that are still in the market are probably coming down as well, with other with less other players in the market. Some of our direct competitors have said publicly that they are not in the market. And, you know, while we're not necessarily aggressively going out there and looking we're absolutely being, open and opportunistic.
Gary Rollins : Yes, I would agree with all of those statements. I do see valuations maybe coming down a bit, because just simply -- because there aren't as many buyers in the market at least right now.
Seth Weber: Okay. It's very interesting. Thank you. Thank you guys, appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi. Thank you all for taking the questions and I'm glad everybody is safe and you all have done the right thing by your employees. Can I ask a clarification question first, if I may? I'm scribbling the numbers down as fast as I could when you're talking, but when you said $18 million to $22 million cost containment, is that an annualized number or that's the quarter savings?
Eddie Northen: That's for the quarter. That's for the quarter. And that's going to include some of the categories that John talked about having to do with payroll. We really didn't go into a lot of the details on the discretionary cuts that we've made, but that would include those two categories, discretionary and payroll.
Michael Hoffman: So, just so I'm clear. If I took the high end of materials and furloughs, and PTO, I mean, that's kind of $4 million, so I got $4 million headwind and I got an $18 million offset.
Gary Rollins: If that's just the math -- yes. I don't have that -- that's transcribed.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, good. All right then. I just want to make sure I understood right. My question-question -- it's two parts, trying to stay in the spirit of one question. Residential lead generation is okay, and when this lead starts, do you think you would get calls from commercial, let's say, hey, I'm going to restart, come in and do a -- I'll call it an added service, so there's a restart service kind of activity?
Gary Rollins: Yes. I'm sure John can weigh in with a lot more specifics to that, but I'll just start by saying. I think we see customers in a few different buckets. One is, they're doing normal -- their normal service that they would have, either because they are fully in business or they're in some sort of partial business. I think we have another bucket that it completely stops at this point in time, because they don't have anything at all going on. And I think we have a third bucket, which is kind of a hybrid which let's just say they maybe received a service once a week, they might now be receiving a service every other week or every three weeks just to keep things relatively intact at this point. So, we've got -- by customer, we're trying to accommodate as best as makes sense for them, especially for those that know they're going to be opening up relatively soon, they don't want to make a decision that they're going to open up on, let's just say, May 1st, they haven't done anything for four weeks and now they have an infestation that they have to go through and deal with. They don't want to have that situation. So, I think those are kind of the buckets of what we're seeing by the customers.
John Wilson: And Michael, we've seen a wide array of tactics by our customers to maybe defray costs. Some have chosen to suspend altogether, some have chosen to reduce frequency, and some have continued with their service even though they may be shut down knowing that they don't want an outbreak of pest problem. We've had one of our big retailers that had put us on suspend that's already notified us for to re-begin or begin service in May. So, I would suspect that we will have quite a few that as we're coming back on, we'll get us in there before they open.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. That's what I thought, given a little pop from that and then back on to a normal trend.
John Wilson: That makes sense.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thanks.
John Wilson: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Marilyn Meek: Okay. No other questions?
Gary Rollins: Okay. No other question. I'd like to add a comment, and that's -- we were so uncomfortable with these we don't know answers as I'm sure you all are hearing them. But I think that we have responded quickly. I think that we have three wonderful areas of increasing our business with our termite season, our mosquito season, and with the VitalClean. So -- and again, it is challenging to try to determine how big can VitalClean be. The first 30 days have been very encouraging, and our residential pest control leads have continued to be strong. So, you have so many variables, it's just really difficult to gauge all these, but I think one of the reasons that we took status with our dividend was that we just want to be prepared for the future. And those of you that have followed the company for some time know that we're generally conservative, and I think that we're in a best position of anybody in the industry to deal with this. So, we're just going to keep working at it and improving, and hopefully we'll see this turn in the near future. Saying that, I'd like to thank you all for joining us, we appreciate your interest in our company. On our behalf, we hope that you and your family and friends remain safe and well, and we look forward to updating you on our second quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Marilyn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you, Cassidy. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode 1421446. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we will open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin.
Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn, thank you, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Revenues for the fourth quarter grew 13.8% to $506 million compared to $444.6 million for the same quarter in 2018. Net income was approximately $50.8 million or $0.16 per diluted share compared to $51 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of last year. Revenues for the full-year increased 10.6% to $2.015 billion compared to $1.822 billion for 2018. We are all pleased that we broke the $2 billion milestone. Net income for the full-year was $203.3 million with earnings per share of $0.62. This compared to net income of $231.7 million or $0.71 per diluted share last year. Net income this year was negatively impacted by $50 million one-time charge for closing down our pension plan and a casualty reserve increase. Eddie will address these charges further in a few minutes. We continue to experience good solid growth in all of our business lines for the quarter, with residential up 16.5%, commercial, excluding fumigation, rose 9.8%; and termite and ancillary services grew 16.1%.  During the fourth quarter a question that we heard on a regular basis from investors was, what is your exposure to termite damage claims. I thought this might be a good time to provide some history and background on our termite claims and the service initiatives that were implemented over many years of treating and protecting structures of termite infestations and damage. As background, Chlordane was used as a pesticide in the United States from 1948 to 1988, 40 years. Among its numerous uses, Chlordane was a very effective termiticide to control against termite infestations in homes and other structures. In fact, from 1983 to 1988, Chlordane use was narrowed to only control termites. In 1988, all approved uses of Chlordane in the United States were canceled. Orkin had stopped treating for Chlordane with - a year before. It is noteworthy that, prior to this action, our Company negotiated an agreement between the Velsicol Chemical Company, the manufacturer and the EPA, where Velsicol to voluntarily stop manufacturing Chlordane and that it not be banned, they both agreed. This helped Orkin and the industry to avoid a potential law suit stampede like the asbestos situation. In the mid-'90s, the state of the post-Chlordane termite world was daunting. The replacement chemicals didn't work as well as Chlordane. However, the new termiticide that had been so positively promoted by the manufacturers and endorsed by the EPA failed miserably. This failure happened within a very short period of time. Termites returned to our customers' home as well as other pest control companies' customers' homes with a vengeance. Orkin, which at one time led the industry with its lifetime repair guarantees, was suddenly faced with a major business challenge. There were millions of dollars in repair costs now appearing due to termite damage along with corresponding retreatment obligations. In 1996, Orkin took a very important step and began a proactive retreatment program with a better new product targeting all the homes that had previously been treated with the ineffective termite product.  Simply, we wanted to curtail the termite damage before it occurred, and provide our customers the protection they deserve. We put our customers first at the cost of more than a $100 million. Our lifetime guarantees will replace the three to five retreatment guarantees depending on the area of country and the type of home construction. Our 1996 P&L resulted - reflected Orkin's retreatment efforts and Orkin's revenues increased 1%, while operating income and profit margins decreased 50%. The decrease in termite revenues, termite claims, and retreatment expense negatively impact our financial results. Incidentally, we are all proud to work for a Company that made this forward-looking investment to protect our customers, our brand, and reputation. 1997, the following year, we set up a $117 million reserve fund to cover the escalating cost of termite claims. We knew we had to make these extra efforts and made the conscious decision to provide free retreatments and promptly pay for any termite damage repairs that occur.  While the short-term costs were extremely painful, they appropriately protected our reputation and balance sheet. This turning point always caused us - also caused us to make further enhancements in termite treating training, the utilization of flow meters to measure the volume of termiticide applied, and the use of foam as a chemical carrying agent in difficult-to-treat structures. We created a national termite swarm school to service technicians attended annually before each termite treating season. We created a termite quality audit and compliance team to visit our branches to ensure our treating specs and procedures were being followed. We also required our managers to do a quality inspection on all completed termite treatments.  All of these actions still exist today. I could go on and on with more than a dozen other initiatives that we took over the following years to ensure we provided the industry's best termite treatments. All of these actions have reduced our termite reserve and other related costs tremendously. I will now turn the call over to John for more insight on our termite war and other areas of business.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. As Gary just noted, by the mid-'90s, it was clear the replacement chemicals didn't work as well as Chlordane in the treatment of termites. In the three years prior to 1995, Orkin's termite damage claims averaged around $3 million per year. Over the next couple of years, the claims expense multiplied in dramatic fashion. By 1997 and for several years thereafter, termite damage claims exceeded $20 million a year. Decisions were made by our leadership team to improve process, training, and treatment protocols. These new processes were then developed by our technical services group, led by industry icon Paul Hardy, and many other members of our team. This approach allowed our operations to focus on meeting all obligations to their customers. The Companywide quality assurance program Orkin put into place during that time concentrated solely on termite issues and helped us to get out in front of this accelerating termite issue. We also addressed the Formosan termite at that time, which has made recent headlines, as they were already a growing concern. In other words, our quality assurance team as well as many other actions taken served over time to de-risk our termite service business. As a result of these many actions and activities, we have seen a steady decline in claims and retreatments from year-to-year. It is easy to put your finger on the many things mentioned that we changed. What is not so easy to put a finger on is the cultural change that had to occur with our field teams. It was painful, it was hard and it was costly from both a financial and human capital standpoint, and it also took a long time, but it was worth it in the long run. In more recent years, as we have continued to work on this issue, we have experienced further reductions in termite damage claims.  The average amount of each claim has fallen from the highest seen in the early to middle part of the 2000s. For 2019, Rollins experienced historically low termite claim volumes and termite claims expenses were below 1% of termite revenues for the full-year.  This is the direct result of the many quality control programs leadership initiated. We certainly appreciate your concerns around termite damage claims and we never take anything for granted. We take our responsibility to our termite customer seriously and hope that we have now given you enough information to understand our experience better. So let's turn the page on that topic and talk about something else for a minute. As most of you know, we got off to a slow start last year. We are certainly prepared to do everything we can to not repeat that performance. Pursuant to that, in early January, we concluded a week-long regional manager leadership meeting in Atlanta.  We had over 100 of our leaders in from around the world for this event. This meeting focused on, among several priorities, improving our safety culture and practices, the customer experience, etc. But maybe most important of all, we were focused on lessons learned from a year ago and what not to do to repeat those mistakes. It is said that the best learned lessons are the hardest. And after this last year, I believe that to be true. We came away from this meeting energized, that our teams were ready and up to the challenge, and pretty darn glad to put 2019 behind them. Thank you, and I will now turn the call back over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thanks, John. Before I begin my review of the financial numbers for the quarter, I want to recognize the solid results that our operations produced during the second half of the year. After mother nature deviated from her normal path in Q1 and Q2, the weather pattern turned more normal and the results of our operations produced record revenue growth in the quarter, strong double-digit EBITDA growth, and continued improvements in both employee and customer retention.  Specifically, our Orkin employee retention increased 1.8 percentage points and our commercial service line improved the most of all three service lines for retention year-over-year. Consistency and experienced management matters. I also hope that the details that both Gary and John shared related to our termite service will put to rest any concerns that you have about the recent termite discussions in our industry. For the quarter, we had strong revenue growth and items that impacted the quarter were, rising accident and insurance expense that reduced the Q4 results by a $0.01, depreciation increase related to the final stages of the BOSS rollout in Canada, and a very successful pilot of the next phase of routing and scheduling journey. In addition to reporting our Q4 and full-year numbers, my focus today will be to share the non-operational event that impacted our Q4 results, specifically casualty and insurance related to accidents and injuries. Lastly, I will give you some insight on some items that have 2020 already off to a great start. First, I will go through the results. Looking at the numbers, the fourth quarter revenues of $506 million, was an increase of 13.8% over the prior year's fourth quarter revenue of $444.6 million. Income before income taxes was $72 million or 0.008% above 2018.  Net income was $50.8 million, down 0.004% compared to 2018 and impacted by a higher tax rate in the quarter due to the pension adjustment in Q3. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.16 per diluted share and EBITDA was $97.1 million and rose 10.5% compared to 2018. When looking at the full-year 2019 numbers, keep in mind that the almost $50 million pension adjustment that was made in Q3 to transition our pension off of the Rollins books. For the year, we are calling out the pension adjustment, Clark acquisition expense, and currency for our non-GAAP results. For the full-year, revenue was $2.015 billion, an increase of 10.6% over the prior year's 12-month revenue of $1.822 billion. Income before income taxes decreased 16% to $261.2 million from $310.7 million in 2018. Net income fell 12.2% to $203.3 million and earnings per share were $0.62, down 12.7% from 2018 numbers of $0.71. EBITDA was $349.2 million, down 7.5% compared to 2018. Without the pension adjustment, our non-GAAP income before income tax was up 0.001% to $311.1 million compared to $310.7 million in 2018. Our net income was down 0.008% to $229.9 million and earnings per share were $0.70 per diluted share, down from $0.71 per diluted share in 2018. Adjusted EBITDA, including our Q3 pension loss, was $399.1 million, up 5.8%. Our Companywide focus on personal safety since 2016 has created reductions in our casualty reserve in the last few years. However, the combination of additional Clark vehicles and properties and substantially higher premium rates experienced within the industry caused our casualty reserve for accidents and injuries to increase over 5% in 2019 and impacted the quarter by roughly a $0.01. As John shared with you earlier, we reviewed these opportunities extensively at our recent annual leadership kickoff meeting and have good initiatives to reduce the frequency and severity of our automotive and workers' compensation claims. As we continue to refresh our automotive fleet, a growing percentage of our vehicles have enhanced safety features and when coupled with our enhanced training, will result in better injury and accident outcomes moving forward. Safety is becoming an ingrained value at Rollins and we will see the benefits of this as we move forward in 2020. We will share more of this journey in future quarters. As we discussed last quarter, our operational efficiency and customer experience continued to improve with ongoing updates to our routing and scheduling. I am pleased to share some details with regards to the next step in our journey. First, beginning back in 2015, we rolled out our branch operating system or CRM called BOSS. And in stages, improved our technicians' routing and scheduling. At the time, we stated that we would see a 200 basis points to 300 basis points margin improvement with these changes.  And as you probably know, we exceeded that amount over the next several years. We have successfully piloted our next phase of routing and scheduling, which will include the level customer loading of the pest control technicians jobs based on customer demand, but keeping in mind customer needs. On top of the over 4 million miles that we have reduced in the last few years, we will see accelerating mileage reduction, which will equate to margin improvement of another 150 basis points to 250 basis points over the next two to three years. This step is phase two of a robust four phase routing and scheduling initiative that will drive improved efficiency for years to come. Let's take a look through the Rollins revenue by service line for the fourth quarter. Our total revenue increase of 13.8% included 8.1% from Clark and other acquisitions and the remaining 5.7% was from pricing and organic growth.  In total, residential pest control, which made up 43% of our revenue, was up 16.5%, commercial pest control, ex-fumigation, which made up 38% of our revenue was up 9.8%, and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 19% of our revenue, was up 16.1%. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 5.7%. From that, residential was up 6%, commercial, ex-fumigation, increased 3.6%, and termite and ancillary grew by 8.7%. There are two items that I would like to note. First, the continued growth of our mosquito program at over 30% rate has more than offset the slowdown in our one-time bed bug business and helped our residential product with continued strong growth. And second, we experienced the fastest termite and ancillary growth in the past six years. In total, gross margin reduced to 49.7% from 50.2% in the prior year's quarter. The quarter experienced expense increases in several categories, mostly driven by Clark in the categories of service salaries, administrative salaries, and personnel-related for our 401-K match. Additionally, insurance and claims were up substantially as discussed earlier. Removing the impact of Clark, gross margin improved to 50.6% in 2019, compared to 50.2% in 2018. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased $6 million to $22.6 million, an increase of 35.8%. Depreciation increased $2.7 million due to acquisitions and equipment purchases as mentioned earlier, while amortization of intangible assets increased $3.3 million, due to the amortization of customer contracts from several large acquisitions. Our depreciation in Q1 of 2020 will be slightly higher as we finalize the BOSS rollout in Canada and move to the next phase of our routing and scheduling journey as discussed earlier. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter increased $19 million or 14% to $154.8 million or 30.6% of revenues, up 0.001% from $135.8 million or 30.5% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2018. The increase in the percent of revenues is primarily due to insurance and claims and acquisitions, particularly advertising spend for Clark that was not in our 2018 number. Before I review our cash position, I want to update the state of our current cash flow. As I mentioned on the Q3 call, we have accelerated our free cash flow by over $40 million for the year, which compares to an average of around $20 million over the past five years. Not only do we see benefits to our cash flow related to the acquisition of Clark Pest Control, but we will also see some residual improvements from our pension transition. As for our cash position, for the period ended December 31, 2019 we spent $430.6 million on acquisitions compared to $76.8 million at the same period last year. We paid $153.8 million on dividends and had $27.1 million of CapEx, which were both flat to 2018. We ended the period with $94.3 million in cash, of which $74.1 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Yesterday, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.12 per share that will be paid on March 10, 2020 to stockholders of record at the close of business February 10, 2020. The cash dividend is a 14.3% increase over the prior year's quarterly dividend. This marks the 18th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. Gary, I will turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you, Eddie. We are happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mario Cortellacci of Jefferies.
Mario Cortellacci: Hi, thanks for the time. So, I think, I just wanted to get a sense for what the current multiples you're seeing in the M&A market. I mean, I think, a larger competitor of yours is not going to be doing deals for a, while and - or at least they are going to be less aggressive on what they are going to be paying. I just wanted to see if that is impacting your planning for 2020. And, if multiples do remain off peak in 2020, should we expect another outsized year? Maybe not a year as large as 2019, but could 2020 be another above-average type of year?
Gary Rollins: Yeah. So, Mario, I will just say that, yeah, I mean, there is no question that within the industry - that several within the industry have paid above historic rates. We did have the largest acquisition in our Company's history, which obviously from a multiple perspective was a little bit higher than what we paid historically, but we have not deviated from the average acquisition that we have.  We have not deviated from our normal history, which has been somewhere between 1.25 times and 1.75 times annual revenue. And it really comes down to the selection of that seller and then making the decision of what it is that they are trying to accomplish. If that seller is just trying to get the largest dollar that they can out there, there are competitors in the market that, as you stated, have paid higher multiples. We have been very diligent with that and I think We have made some great selection. And, John is really more involved in that on a day-to-day basis and I don't know if you have something else - you would like to add to that.
John Wilson: No, I don't know that I have much, but I would say, 2019 would be really rather hard to top. And I can only think that they will go down from there. I don't know, it is anybody's guess as to how much, but we want to maintain discipline in our approach, and - but then be willing to go a little extra mile when it is a really solid Company.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. And then, just a quick question on your connected technology and just wondering if you can give us a sense of how many of your customers are using technology, or how many locations connected technology is already at? And, I guess, where that fits into your technology road map overall? I just didn't know how big or how fast you wanted that to be longer term.
Eddie Northen: We have been testing connected technology for several years now. We have our technology, our IT group as well as our technical support group, are constantly testing all the technology and of course, as I'm sure you can assume, it is changing rapidly. We have test customers that are using different products.  At this point in time, we are not in a position to make any sort of material change to what we are doing today. We feel very prepared that if and when there is an industry shift or change or a customer need, we are ready to be able to respond to that. But I think, at this point in time, we are just continuing doing what we are doing from a service perspective and we would supplement it, as appropriate from there.
Gary Rollins: Eddie, I would like to add. One advantage I think that we have is that several of our brands are using different software. So, we are really in a position to monitor the successes and the features that exist and, of course, as always, to use the best product. We will be converting BOSS and Western next year. At this point, it is certainly the superior of everything that is out there, but I think it is worthwhile that we can watch carefully when other products are available.
Eddie Northen: And, every time - and to add to that, every time we do that, it gives us the ability to be able to link in any connected technology in a more efficient manner, but I think we have some really smart people on our team that are looking at this, both from the technology and the technical support side and I feel very confident where we are at this point.
Mario Cortellacci: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Clement of Buckingham Research.
Jamie Clement: Hey, guys, although it is early in earnings season, it seems like some of the industries out there that advertise heavily and I have got sort of restaurant chains in mind, have discussed with investors on their calls that with elections in front of us that there might be a little bit of margin pressure from increasing in - increase in advertising and marketing costs. I don't recall that being called out as much four years ago. Is that something that you have your eyes on or did it impact you four years ago or can you just tweak your mix and really have it not be that much of an issue?
Eddie Northen: Kevin Smith is our CMO and he has been up against this hurdle, not specifically the one you're talking about with the election, but he has been up against this hurdle with potential for rising costs in this area for the last several years. Digital marketing - we shifted to digital marketing tremendously over the last six years. And as everyone knows, the cost in those areas continue to escalate. But Kevin's budget for advertising has not changed over that time period as far as a percent to revenue. So he and his team have done a tremendous job just figuring out how do we still create the number of leads that we need by the different service lines, using the different opportunities that are out there. Some of that is going to be things like advertising on billboards, some of it is going to be commercial advertising, some of it is going to be through digital, but he uses that total bucket and goes through and figures out a way to be able to create that demand that we need in order to be able to grow our business. And I don't see this 2020 year being any different for the results that you will be able to go through and create.
Jamie Clement: Okay, great, Eddie, and just one final thing. The strong termite numbers that you reported for the quarter and obviously they have been very good for the last couple of years. During the quarter and kind of bigger picture, looking back over the last year or two, has there been a disproportionate level of growth internationally in your termite reported segment versus domestically or are they both pretty consistent? And, I'm just thinking about climate differences in places like Australia and that kind of thing.
Eddie Northen: Yeah, we don't break things out by geographic areas, but I will just say, in general, We have not seen any sort of specific area that is been tremendously different. We have - our folks have done a great job growing this product across all of our markets. Within the U.S., We have done a tremendous job using our closing tools that we have, our in-house financing has been a big push and a big piece of that, our sales folks have done a tremendous job. And, we camped out on this for a while with Gary and John talking about the quality of the service. And people talk and when the quality of the service is what it is and we have great outcomes, then we get an opportunity to have word of mouth and we get a chance to continue to cross sell, knowing we had the largest residential set of customers that are out there. We get a chance to cross sell our pest control or our termite into our pest control customers.
Jamie Clement: Thank you all very much for your time as always.
Eddie Northen: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Mulrooney of William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Gary, thank you for the great history lesson on the termite business. That was very informative. And, John, for the termite damage claims, you said claims expenses were below 1% of revenue for the full-year. Is that 1% of total revenue or 1% of termite revenue?
John Wilson: No, it is 1% of termite revenue.
Tim Mulrooney: All right. I just wanted to make sure. That is what I thought, but I wanted to make sure. And, John, while I got you, can you also just talk about what you plan to do differently this year to prepare for the spring pest season? What were the primary takeaways from your recent meeting with business leaders or at least one that you can share with us publicly?
John Wilson: Yeah, I think the single biggest thing would be to delay our stub staffing for the seasonality of our business to more of a just-in-time approach. That is a tricky tightrope to walk in a tough labor market, but that is what our field operators are really focused on doing this year.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Butler of Stifel.
Brian Butler: Okay, great. I was hoping, could you give a little bit of color on maybe on organic growth heading into 2020? I mean, it was strong in the back half of 2019. Is that pace sustainable or is there some things out there that could put some pressure on that?
Eddie Northen: We don't know of anything right now that would put pressure on it. I mean, it is early in the year to be celebrating. January has been a much better month than it was a year ago. But you know, but you never know what mother nature is going to do as we move forward in time.  You never know what storms might look like. In 2017, we had two back-to-back storms, the two largest storms in our country's history, that negatively impacted things. So there are lot of variables that will come into play, but given everything that we know today, we believe that we are off to a good start and we have no reason to believe that we won't have a really good year from an organic growth perspective. With the growth of our mosquito product now for the third year, as I mentioned during my prepared remarks, we continue to see great opportunity with that particular product as a cross-sell opportunity. We talked about our termite being able to grow as far as a cross-sell opportunity, We have been able to do that. So I think there are lot of very positive things that are going on. Pricing is still very rational and we are able to see price increase. So we feel very good about 2020 from an organic growth perspective.
Gary Rollins: And I think it is important to share that this was the most disappointing year We have had for 22 years. So we think that it was an anomaly. I have never seen so many one-time charges in my experience, Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Noticed that.
Gary Rollins: And, but seriously, I mean, We have learned from this past year, I think John hit it on the head. I think we got too ambitious, too soon. You can't make the season and we had some disappointments due to mother nature. But I'm a believer of taking our mistakes and learning from them and benefiting from them. And we had a very powerful leaders conference. Our people are optimistic. And with the technology that we are enlisting, we think we are going to have a good year.
Brian Butler: Okay, that is very helpful. And then one last one. On the cost, you had pointed out a higher cost around Clark in the service salaries, is that limited to 2019? Or should we think about those costs really kind of continuing forward into 2020?
Eddie Northen: Well, the purchase was closed May 1. So by May 1, we will be lapping at that point in time, but it will be new until then.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Just to follow -- just following up on that last question. Just to make sure I'm understanding this, the insurance claims issue, does that continue to be an overhang in next year or is this kind of - do you feel like you have isolated it here in the fourth quarter? Does that become - until you install the new technology on the new vehicles, a better training and whatnot, do you expect to see this elevated level into next year? And sorry for the clarification.
Eddie Northen: Appreciate you asking that question. We do not continue to see an issue as we move forward. We believe that this was a little bit of an anomaly from the two items that I pointed out. The industry for the first time in several years, insurance rates increased dramatically. Some commercial groups would have strong double-digits, that they would talk about. Our increase in our casualty in total was about 5%. And I think a piece of that was managing our automotive claims year-over-year. But we feel as though, with the enhancements that we are going to have from a technology perspective, with the vehicles, as well as the continued training that we will see positive results that come from that. When you take a look at our total claims in the automotive side, again those are down. So we know that that will pay dividends as we move forward in time.
Seth Weber: Okay. And is it possible to displace out how much that impacted gross margin in the quarter on the just the insurance portion of that?
Eddie Northen: I don't know that number off the top of my head. I'm sure that we have that in our breakout, but I don't know that number off the top of my head.
Seth Weber: Okay. And just on the...
Eddie Northen: It was worth a $0.01 to us in total for our earnings. So you can...
Seth Weber: Right.
Eddie Northen: You could get kind of a rough idea from that perspective.
Seth Weber: Okay. And then just, when you talked about the expected, I think it was 150 basis points to 200 basis points of additional margin improvement over the next several years from some of the new initiatives and things. I guess is that off of a kind of the current level? Is that off of the pre-Clark margin? I'm just, I just want to make sure I understand what the baseline is for that compare. Thanks.
Eddie Northen: Well, once Clark lapse, we will have less of a negative comparison from that. So you could really look at it from the pre-Clark levels and say this is going to enhance our overall operations as we are moving forward by the 150 basis points to 250 basis points.
Seth Weber: Okay. And, sorry, what was the timing on that?
Eddie Northen: Next two to three years.
Seth Weber: Two to three. Okay. That is all I had. Thank you very much.
Eddie Northen: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from Tim Mulrooney of William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Hey, thank you for taking my follow-up question. Eddie, I saw that you guys used cash to pay down debt a little bit more in the fourth quarter. Can you remind me what your capital allocation plans are for 2020 with respect to debt pay down? I am trying to get a handle on how much cash you would have left over after that for M&A and dividends?
Eddie Northen: Well, that is our number one priority and it is - the fact that we have some debt right now will not keep us out of the market, if the right opportunity comes and the right valuation. But we will keep that as our number one priority to find and acquire good quality pest control companies. If they come about, then we will continue to use our cash to be able to move forward with that. Number two priority, we just announced that we were able to increase our dividend, and then from there we will pay down our debt. So if there are good quality opportunities that come to market and it makes sense to us, we are going to continue to move forward just like we have over the last several years. If that were to slow down some, then we will be a little bit more aggressive paying that debt down. So that is kind of where we stand with that.
Tim Mulrooney: Got you. Thanks for the clarification.
Eddie Northen: Yeah, absolutely.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions in queue.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We are very optimistic about our Company's opportunities going forward. And appreciate your interest in our Company. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our first quarter call. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes this teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins Inc Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, please go ahead.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode 295-0556. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins' Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilynn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for more information and the Risk Factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well first and foremost, we're pleased with our third quarter execution and results across all of our business service lines. The warm weather finally appeared thankfully, although later than normal. As a result, we experienced a strong delayed demand for our pest control services. Following a less than satisfactory second quarter, we work diligently to ensure that we right-sized our headcount and reduced expenses that weren't essential for the quarter. We're proud that our team responded effectively. It's also noteworthy that many of our investments and programs continue to generate improved levels of employee retention. This is an important step to improving customer service in the field and administration. In addition to earlier this month, we completed the transition of our fully funded U.S. pension plan to an insurance company. This will provide our company with several accomplishments. We will be eliminating the annual pension contribution, insurance fees, administrative cost, pension management and other related cost of the plan. There will be ongoing cash savings. Our employees since freezing of the plan in 2006 have enjoyed significant enhancements to their benefits, most recently to their 401(k) plan. Eddie will provide more detail on the pension discontinuation in his remarks. Record revenues for the quarter rose 14.1% to $556.5 million, compared to revenues of $487.7 million in the third quarter of last year. Diluted net income of $44.1 million or $0.13 per share was impacted by the non-cash pension settlement cost that compares to $66.6 million or $0.20 in 2018. Revenues for the first nine months rose 9.6% to $1.5 billion, compared to $1.377 billion for the same period last year. Net income was approximately $152.6 million or $0.47 per diluted share, compared to $180.7 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.56 for the first nine months of last year. Eddie will review the non-GAAP results shortly as they're very meaningful. We experienced strong growth in all of our business lines in the quarter with residential, up 17.6%, commercial pest control rose 9.2%, and termite and ancillary services grew 15.4%. We believe our third quarter results reflect both the resiliency of our company and our team's ability to respond to operational challenges. Before turning the call over to John, just a quick update on Clark. John and I visit began with the team in California this quarter and the more time we spend with Clark and their employees the more excited we are about having them as a member to our family of brands. We're making great strides with our integration as they are now live on our fleet system, fully transitioned into our 401(k) program and improving their telecom systems. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to John. John?
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. With the warmer weather experienced during the third quarter, mosquitoes among other pests were much more active. Even as the population is becoming more aware of the health threats of mosquitoes, there is still much to be done in this area. Eastern Equine Encephalitis, West Nile, Zika and other diseases caused by mosquito bites are becoming a greater health threat. We continue to work with various agencies and organizations in an effort to educate the public about these mosquito risks. In order to meet this public threat, we have worked persistently over the years to add mosquito services in all branch locations. This year, we have grown that service line by more than 30% and this has helped greatly to propel us to our 6.4% overall organic growth rate for the quarter. Additionally, we know that coupling these and other service offerings together for our customers, clearly lengthens our relationship with that customer increasing the revenue received. Now I'd like to share with you some exciting news regarding one of our brands. Northwest Exterminating, last week at the National Pest Management Association meetings, Northwest received the National Pest Management Association Gives Award. The NPMA Gives Award recognizes member companies that have demonstrated leadership through dedication and contribution to their community. Rollins has increasingly encouraged our brands to give back to their communities and Northwest has certainly led the way in this effort. We are proud of this recognition and want to congratulate our team at Northwest. In 2006, Northwest introduced their Green Pest Control program, which is a rather unique service offering targeting common household pests, ants, spiders, roaches, mice, centipedes, millipedes and more, using only high-quality nontoxic products derived from botanicals, such as flowers, plants and natural elements from the earth, as well as an IPM or Integrated Pest Management approach utilizing exclusion techniques to keep pests out in the first place. Over time this program has expanded to include a Green Elite offering as well as other Green services such as termite, mosquito and lawn care. Northwest Green programs are continuing to grow with an increasing desire among homeowners for nonchemical treatment in pest control. Overall these programs are greatly contributing to Northwest's impressive growth rate as this brand has produced the highest growth of any Rollins' brands during the quarter. Gary previously noted our strong employer retention and I'm pleased to be able to say that we have continued our improvement in that important metric through the third quarter of this year. We talk about retention a lot in our businesses as we can't stress enough that for a service provider the importance to ensuring our employees remain happy and motivated in their jobs is paramount. A happy employee translates to a happy customer. We have largely focused our field team efforts in three ways to gain this improvement. First, we conduct exit surveys to focus on why people leave as well as concerted employee engagement assessment efforts to ensure our teams feels they have a voice in making things better, and last is the effort to improve the onboarding and orientation experience our people undergo. We know if we can just get them past the first year or so the likelihood to stay goes up exponentially. Our team members are the face of our brands and we will continue to invest in training programs, technology and provide opportunities for advancement to ensure they remain with us. Finally, for me, just a quick update on routing and scheduling. For the third quarter, we again had improvements in driving and route efficiency as we clock 571,000 less miles driven. This improved efficiency comes on the heels of a 1.4 million mile reduction in Q3 last year and we have now had 19 consecutive months of milage reductions. Now let me turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thanks, John. Mother Nature returned with full strength in the third quarter and our operations, the support staff and sales groups were up for the challenge. Record revenues enabled strong improvements in our financial metrics across the board. Even with the ongoing business expenses, headwinds of employee benefits, foreign currency exchange and Clark integration items, we made tremendous improvements in all of our financial metrics for the quarter and are positioned well to end the year on a very strong note. For the quarter, all of our service lines showed exceptional growth and key to the quarter included: finalization of the Rollins' pension risk transfer; expansion of our Glympse communication to our residential customer base; and a return to margin growth year-over-year. Before we proceed with the review of our financial results, I hope that you've had a chance to review our press release from October 3 related to our pension risk transfer. If not it is posted on our website to view. Our overfunded status grew from our original estimate of 104% to nearly 111%. As noted in the press release, we will be using these cash proceeds to fund our company 401(k) match over the next several quarters and pay other plan-related expenses. Once these steps are completed, we will anticipate bringing $6 million to $8 million in cash back to the company for additional deployment. The accounting adjustment was also significantly lower than our original estimate, mainly driven by lower interest rates. This accounting pension adjustment flow through our P&L in Q3 and was approximately $50 million before tax. As you know, this is a one-time non-cash occurrence. As Gary said, I will be discussing our GAAP metrics and then spending time on our non-GAAP financial metrics that exclude the pension adjustment. For the quarter, we are only calling out the pension adjustment for our non-GAAP results. But a few other items to keep in mind with regards to our net income for the quarter related to our Clark acquisition are: depreciation of $1.4 million for the quarter for buildings and vehicles added; amortization of intangibles up $2.9 million per customer contracts; interest expense was $2.8 million related to the borrowing of Clark; professional services about $800,000 as Clark uses a large number of subcontractors and this is a higher percentage of revenue than in our other Rollins' brand. These categories equate to $7.9 million and as they subside or lapped, will continue to improve our year-over-year margin expansion moving forward. As we look through our numbers, I will give you GAAP numbers that include our pension accounting adjustment and then transition to our non-GAAP numbers that reflect our true operating results, again, only with the pension loss eliminated. So with the pension, looking at the numbers, the third quarter revenue was $556.5 million. That was an increase of 14.1% over the prior year's third quarter revenue of $487.7 million. Again, with the pension adjustment included, income before income taxes was $46.1 million or 48.7% below 2018. Net income was $44.1 million, down 33.9% compared to 2018. Our GAAP earnings per share were $0.13 per diluted share. Without the pension adjustment, our non-GAAP income before income tax rose 6.8% to $96 million compared to $89.9 million in 2018. We had a slightly higher tax rate this quarter at 26.5%, but feel that our full year rate will be in the low 20s with our Q3 pension entry. Our net income rose 6% to $70.6 million and EPS were $0.22 per diluted share up from $0.20 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2018, a 10% increase. As I've mentioned on previous calls, our best financial measure at this time is EBITDA, which was $120.6 million compared to $106.7 million in 2018, a 13% increase. We have only had one other quarter outside of the quarter with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that eclipsed this growth since 2014. With the pension revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 was $1.509 billion, an increase of 9.6% over the prior year's third quarter revenue of $1.377 billion. Income before income taxes decreased 20.9% to $189.2 million from $239.3 million in 2018. Net income fell 15.6% to $152.6 million and earnings per share were $0.47, down 14.5% from the 2018 number of $0.55. EBITDA was $252.1 million, down 12.9% compared to 2018. Without the pension adjustment, income before income tax decreased 0.1% to $239 million from $239.3 million in 2018. Net income fell 0.1% to $179.2 million and earnings per share were $0.55 flat to the previous year. EBITDA was $302 million, up 4.3% compared to 2018. Our technology roadmap continues to pay healthy dividends with regards to operational efficiency improvements and an improved customer experience. John mentioned, the improvements in miles driven for the quarter as we continue to see improvements year-over-year since the inception of our routing and scheduling initiative, which started in 2016. These reductions increased the time our technicians can spend with the customers and increases the technician's capacity. As of September, we have added over 70% of our Orkin residential routes to Glympse. Each customer on these routes is receiving multiple proactive text or e-mail notifications from the technician beginning days in advance and culminating when they're on their way to the customer. This technology is the best in the industry, and our early results show improved customer retention for each of our mature branches that are providing this enhanced customer communication. We anticipate these results to continue to improve our customer retention and margin for quarters and years to come, much like we have seen from our routing and scheduling results. Let's take a look through the Rollins' revenue by service line for the third quarter. As discussed earlier, our total revenue increase was 14.1% and included 7.7% from Clark and other acquisitions, and the remaining 6.4% was from pricing and organic growth. This is the strongest organic growth rate in a quarter since 2013. In total, residential pest control, which made up 45% of our revenue, was up 17.6%; commercial pest control, which made up 37% of our revenue, was up 9.2%; and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 17% of our revenue, was up 15.4%. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 6.4%. From that, residential was up 8%; commercial increased 3.5%; and termite and ancillary grew 7.9%. This was the largest commercial increase in over a year. The revenue strength this quarter is a combination of the late season that did not materialize in Q1 or Q2, execution by our operations and a great job by our sales force. One of Gary's famous quotes is "The season always comes. At some point it does get warm and the pests do come out and the season does start." In most years, that strength is seen in May and June and impacts Q2. As you know that did not occur this year, but our year-to-date revenue growth, ex currency and M&A is moving in a direction to be in line or higher than the past three years. The key is that demand does not evaporate. When it gets warm, the bugs come out. This year that did not happen until July, but it did in a really big way. In total gross margin improved to 51.7% from 51.6% prior year's quarter. The quarter experienced increases in several categories such as service salaries, sales salaries, personnel-related and professional services, all related to the acquisition of Clark. These increases were offset by reductions in administrative salaries due to improved efficiency and reduction in materials and supplies. The additional Clark items that I just mentioned impacted the margin by almost a full percentage point. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased $4.8 million to $21.7 million, an increase of 28.6%. Depreciation increased $1.7 million due to acquisitions and equipment purchases, as mentioned earlier, while amortization of intangible assets increased $3.1 million due to the amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter increased $22.1 million or 15.2% to $167.2 million or 30% of revenues, up 0.3 percentage point from $145.1 million or 29.7% of revenues for the third quarter of 2018. The increase in the percent of revenues is primarily due to acquisitions as well as increased sales competition, compensation, enhanced 401(k) plan expense, maintenance and IT contract expense. As for our cash position for the period ended September 30, 2019, we spent $431.2 million on acquisitions compared to $71.8 million for the same period last year which of course included Clark. We paid $103.1 million on dividends and had $18.7 million of CapEx which was up 4.8% from 2018, primarily from planned IT upgrades such as our BOSS Canada rollout and building improvements. We ended the period with $104.4 million in cash, of which $71 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Yesterday the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.105 per share that will be paid on December 10, 2019 to stockholders of record at the close of business November 11, 2019. In addition, the Board declared a special dividend of $0.05 also payable when the regular dividend is paid. For the regular cash dividend this is the 12.5% increase over the prior year. This marks the 17th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12% and the seventh year in a row the Board has declared a special dividend. Gary, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. I want to focus on -- I know it's a smaller piece of your business only 17% in the quarter but I wanted to ask you a couple of questions about your termite business this morning. Almost 8% organic growth, which is particularly impressive I think given that last year, that's on top of a 6.5% growth. So I mean your termite business is growing really well and kind of above what we've seen in some of your competitors. I was wondering if you could comment on that business and perhaps why you're seeing such strong performance there?
Eddie Northen: Yes. Tim I would say a couple of different things. We've had good termite growth. I think if you look back probably over the last nine or 10 quarters maybe even a little bit further back than that we've had good consistent termite growth. You're right this quarter was enhanced a little bit more. A little bit of that would be a pent-up demand. But we've talked about on previous calls that we have our internal credits department that enabled us to really be able to help with the closing tool for that. So it's a great quality service from a termite perspective. And we also have that ability for our customers to be able to use our internal credit department. For some -- in some cases a larger dollar expense that they would have for that type of service. So operations continue to put a good quality product out there and I think the sales folks continue to use our sales tools extremely well to be able to close those sales.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you, Eddie. And as my follow-up, one of your competitors recently began talking about some increased claims expense that they're experiencing because of more aggressive behavior from the Formosan termite, ancillary, this was in a specific region. But I'm just curious if you guys are also seeing higher claims activity some thought maybe. If one company were seeing it maybe other companies would be seeing it too. I'm wondering if you're seeing increased pressure from higher claims activity as well. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yeah. I – Tim, I don't know the specifics of the other that you're talking about or we couldn't read some of the same things that you read publicly. I'll say perspective for termite, our termite claims are actually down year-over-year. Our dollars -- our litigated dollars are down and our claims dollars are down year-over-year. I think the thing that we have in place that really has been enabled us to continue to reduce this over many years is we have a very strong dedicated termite services group, technical services group that enable us to make sure that we have a good quality product that's out there. We have a QA group that will look on the backside to make sure that a good quality service is being done. And they'll also help to manage any claims related issues or concerns that might be out there to be able to help to minimize that in any way possible. We also take a look carefully at the contracts that we offer that are available out there kind of based on the different type of termite and the different areas of the country to make sure that we feel like it's the right risk to be able to take in the different areas.
Gary Rollins: Yeah. And I would add to that that this termites -- dedicated termite quality insurance team that Eddie mentioned they are independent from our branch operations. So they go into every one of our branches on a regular basis to actually go out and inspect the work that they do and make sure that we are delivering what we promise. And so that's been a huge linchpin in terms of us reducing our termite damage claims both from a dollar perspective, paid perspective and a number perspective over the last say 20 years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Clement with Buckingham Research Group.
Jamie Clement: Hey, guys. Gentlemen, good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Jamie Clement: Good morning. John I don't know if you want to take this or Gary, but just obviously M&A activity in your industry is what I think is probably on an unprecedented level right now. And it seems like a lot of smaller businesses are being bought by some of the bigger folks. It seems you all are interested in some quality smaller businesses as well. Can you talk a little bit about the challenges of by purchasing and integrating small businesses with respect to retention both at the technician level as well as the customer level?
Gary Rollins: Yeah. Jamie, no doubt the market is frothy from that perspective in terms of the opportunity to buy these companies. And with the multiples being paid certainly many of the smaller companies are out there and actively shopping and trying to sell their companies as well. We certainly go after the small ones. Just like we do the bigger ones the -- they can provide a tremendous opportunity to tuck-in to a location and really improve that the densities, the route density of that branch and that business. And so that's usually the approach we'll take with those, but from an employee perspective we take the same approach as we do from -- with the bigger ones, because as I like to say our team in our business when you buy a company, you don't buy a lot of hard assets, all you get are employees and customers and neither has to stay. And so if we don't treat the employee well, and onboard them well and integrate them well then that customer won't be there at the end of the day either. And so that's really our approach whether it's big or small.
Jamie Clement: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning everybody.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Seth Weber: Just wondering if you could give us some more color, the 3.5% growth in commercial, you noted that was the best in more than a year. Is there anything you'd call out there? Any kind of special initiatives? Anything you've been targeting there? Can you talk about what you're seeing on the pricing front as well? That's my first question. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yeah. I would say that, the pricing is a very rational in the industry. We know that there are other players that, if you look back three years, five years, seven years, they may not have been in the market. We're still seeing very rational pricing that is out there in most cases that are available. We really concentrated on areas where we know that, there's less price sensitivity. So, we really shifted our focus probably over the last 18 months from a new customer perspective really looking at those areas. There's lots of different groups that – companies that have their own margin pressure and that can be pushed along to all of their vendors. And we're continuing to move away from those and continue to concentrated areas, where there's less price sensitivity and they care more about the quality and they're willing to pay for the quality or the service. So we're seeing some more retention from that because the quality of service that we're able to attain and I think that's helping us to be able to continue to incrementally improve and in this case have a pretty healthy jump as far as the commercial is concerned.
Seth Weber: Yeah. Looks great.
John Wilson: Yeah. One thing I might add, we also implemented a new pay plan for our commercial sales, people that much more greatly incentivize them to pursue recurring revenue. We kind of got hooked on that bed bug revenue for a period of time. And while that's great to get, it's not recurring and as you guys know we really prefer that recurring revenue to build. And so we've sort of changed our focus and incenting our people to pursue this – these other higher quality customers that are recurring in nature as Eddie described.
Gary Rollins: John, I'd like to add to that. We have developed a software that we call Insight. So, we have the ability to show commercial customer the layout of their facility and what we intend to do in those areas typically base stations and service emphasis on the high pest pressure areas. And we think that this is going to help distinguish what we can offer the customer. And so far we don't have it in – everywhere, but where we do have it we're showing good results.
Seth Weber: And are you finding that customers are willing to pay – the contract size is bigger with that Insight – by using Insight, can you get higher contract values and things like that, or can you just expand on that a little bit?
Gary Rollins: I think ultimately, we will. I mean, it distinguishes us and then we're able to identify where we've had a rodent activity. So this isn't just a sales tool, but it's also a means to have continuous communication with the customer. And this is especially important when you get into big commercial situations. And you might have 50 base stations in some of these larger warehouses and manufacturing operations. So I think one of the benefits will be not only from the sales point of view, but retention point of view because we're just reaffirming the fact that we are doing these service stops, if you will or check in the base stations. And it gives a customer a feel that this is not just a sale this is an ongoing communications tool.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Butler with Stifel.
Brian Butler: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Brian Butler: Just the first one on kind of the growth trends you're seeing, can you give a little bit more color I guess on the organic trends maybe help us. If we pull out some of the seasonality across second quarter to third quarter, what kind of organic trends are you seeing? Is this – is this pace changed recently to improving? That'll be very helpful.
Eddie Northen: I think it'd be extremely difficult to break it out exactly. We've talked about pent-up demand. Gary talks regularly about looking at a full year as far as revenue growth, because there is going to be fluctuation. It's going to occur between the different quarters. Of course, this year was tremendously different than anything that we've seen in previous years and I think Gary probably would say the same thing and in his time period it was completely different. But there was significant pent-up demand. But I would also say that, we had great marketing initiatives. And our operations executed extremely well, to be able to have a higher retention rate from a customer perspective, which I think will help us from an organic revenue perspective as we're moving forward in time. So, I think the combination of those things, helped with the record that we saw this quarter. And I think they're going to help us as we move forward. The technology that we put in place with Glympse and John talked about our routing and scheduling it's making it a better job for our technician. And it's making it a better customer experience, from a customer's perspective. And all those things are incrementally improving that customer retention piece, which ultimately will help us as we're continuing to grow our revenues.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then, my follow-up question just on the margins. Just looking at the EBITDA margin, it looks like EBITDA margins ex the pension we're still down around 20 basis points. Can you give a little bit of color on kind of very strong revenue growth but some of that operating leverage seems to have been lost somewhere, and then, how to think about operating leverage going forward from here?
Eddie Northen: Well I talked about that a little bit in my comments when I -- the only thing we called out in the adjusted was the pension adjustment. However, we do know that we had some onetime events having to do with the Clark integration, such as our D&A, our interest, professional expenses as well as our 401(k) increases. All of those contributed probably to a difference of a percentage point as far as the overall margin was concerned. So I think, if you go through and you -- if you wanted to look at it from that perspective you go through and kind of strip those things out. I think you'll see a nice improvement, year-over-year for the quarter. And, we believe that, as those areas subside and/or we lap those areas. We're going to continue to see that margin moving in a positive direction as we have for many quarters and many years before this.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'm showing no questions in the queue. I would like to turn it back over to management, for closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Well. Thank you all for joining us. We appreciate your interest. I hope you sense that we're optimistic about our company's opportunities going forward. We have a lot of investments that we think will start to payoff in a greater form. It's kind of hard to put it all together and come up with a cumulation of these investments and where they take us. But we see movement with all of them -- positive movement with all of them. And we've got some tremendous companies and brands. And we're very proud of what we've done. And we're very proud of the transition that these companies have gone through and have experienced. So, we look forward to giving you our update with our fourth quarter call. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilyn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112, with the passcode 9599376. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins’ Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we’ll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on the call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. As you would expect, we’ve disappointed with our performance for the quarter. We, like most other pest control companies, have both strong and weaker growth periods with some seasonal timing uncertainty. Unfortunately, our situation is not like retail where everyone knows when Christmas comes. Historically, we had handled these weaker periods by adjusting our cost or headcount after the season to the more appropriate level. This year was unique because of the fact that the season was very late. Thankfully, July looks strong. So we have a make-up opportunity. For the second quarter, revenues rose 9.1% to $524.2 million, compared to revenues of $480.5 million in the second quarter of last year. Net income declined 3.3% to $63.4 million or $0.20 per diluted share, compared to $65 million or $0.20 per diluted share for the same period last year. When adjusted for the one-time Clark acquisition expense and the foreign currency exchange, it would be $0.21 per share. Eddie will provide greater detail on this and other financial results in a few minutes. Revenues for the first six months rose 7.2% to $953.2 million, compared to $889.2 million for the same period last year. Net income decreased 5.6% to approximately $107.7 million or $0.33 per diluted share, compared to $114.1 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.35 for the first six months of last year. We have a number of initiatives that will enhance Rollins’ future growth and margin improvement. I’d like to talk more specifically about these business improvements and how they will impact Rollins. As we approach becoming a multi-billion dollar company, the time is right to make strategic investments that will prepare us for the future. Some of these business investments and innovations are, as you recall, we improved our 401(k) and broadened stock grants at 2018 year-end. We estimate that this is an additional expense of $6 million for 2019. But we believe that there is not a better use of our resources. As a people business, our ability to recruit and retain excellent employees is paramount. This investment has helped generate a strong improvement in employee retention for our first two quarters. Next, we’ve increased and expanded our investment in customer routing and scheduling. This technology directly benefits our employees and customers. We now guide our technician to the customer’s address with the service day, it’s plan from start to finish. The technicians have better organized days and our customers receive better communication and appointment reliability. Our most recent technical innovation in this area is the adoption of Glympse, a software that enables us to communicate with the customer via text or email as to their upcoming service date and time of service. Our customers now even have the ability to see where there technician is when en route to their account. As a result of these tools, we have created a better relationship with our customers and a better job for our technicians. The customer is better served and has the capability to change their service day and time as their circumstances dictate. This investment has also contributed to our employees and customers retention improvements and reduction of miles driven. As you recall from our earlier calls that we are transitioning our pension to an insurance provider. When complete, this will create a significant administrative expense savings. Eddie will discuss this more details about this initiative in a few minutes. As I mentioned, we’ve made and are making these improvements and innovations to better prepare for the Company’s future and to help mitigate some of the challenges we experienced due to the seasonality of our business. Expanding our recurring revenue accomplishes this. As you would expect, there has been a significant amount of expenditures and effort that are associated with these initiatives that have and will have a positive effect on the company. I would add that our Company’s track record has shown that we don’t have a Spend Yourself Rich culture at Rollins. And we expect a favorable return on our new and improved program. With the Clark acquisition complete, we will continue to evaluate other acquisition prospects as adding great companies and brands will remain one of our primary objectives. John will now update you on the Clark acquisition and our other plans.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. We believe our track record with our acquired companies speaks to the success we’ve had in integrating and growing acquisitions made over the past 19 years, all of which have contributed in many ways to our profitable growth. Historically, the larger acquisitions require a bit longer to integrate, as you might expect, and that will apply to Clark as well. Once fully incorporated though, the long-term benefits of these acquisitions provide excellent top and bottom line growth expansion of our company and the ability to provide customers with additional pest control related services. These acquired companies benefit from our Internet experience, greater purchasing power and transferable technology. Clark is on track with our business plan and we expect them to be a highly successful addition to our family of brands. Gary and I are heading out there next week when we will meet with their team and check in on their progress. We are excited about Clark, as the majority of their branches are in Northern California and their addition dramatically strengthens our Company’s presence in this area. As you may recall, we ended 2018 with the best employee retention we’d experienced in our recent history, and in the first two quarters of 2019, continued on that trajectory. Further, as you would expect, employee retention directly correlates with customer retention. Improving and enhancing the benefit package for our team members obviously helps retain our people. However, investments in technology and process helps greatly here too. As we have slightly – I’m sorry – as we have simply improved team member job satisfaction with these various tools. A service technician’s relationship with their customers is extremely important to ensuring customer loyalty and expanding our customer base. As Gary has shared, our customer routing and scheduling capabilities are a large contributor to improvement in this area as it enables technicians to expand their service time. This enables them to better fulfill their customers’ needs, and in some cases, add additional customers to their route. For our field personnel, this technology provides additional benefits in the form of reducing the amount of time spent behind the wheel. For the second quarter, we again had nice improvements in driving efficiency as measured by miles per stop. Average miles driven per stop in our Orkin fleet were down 4% year-over-year and we have had 17 consecutive months of miles per stop reductions. One last item related to technology, we gained full implementation of our human resource information system during the first half of the year and this system when fully utilized solves a number of pain points for our field employees. We expect to see continued benefits through 2019 and beyond from these various technology initiatives mentioned. On another note, this time of year, we get a lot of questions about how our mosquito business is doing, although a relatively small part of our overall business at this point, this service line continues to grow and is in part driven by increased concern and public awareness around disease-borne issues including Zika, West Nile, and other diseases. Year-over-year, our mosquito service has grown over 35% and we expect continued growth in the future as we gain greater cross-sell penetration of our large pest control customer base. Now, let me turn the call over to Eddie to discuss our financials.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. I’ll begin our Q1 call discussing the strength of April only to have May and June demand look significantly different. We come to you again sharing what we know at this point with some pent-up demand from previous quarters coming through so far in July. Our second quarter results can be defined by looking at the past, the present and the future. Each of these time periods have a significant piece of the results that we are reporting to you today and will continue to build on results for quarters and years to come. For the quarter, all of our service lines showed growth and keys to the quarter included significant negative currency exchange through a stronger U.S. dollar and our growing international business, continued year-to-date improvements in both employee and customer retention, and uneven pest demand that Gary mentioned in the opening. To be more specific, the past events of our investment in enhanced benefits for our employees will impact this quarter by about $1.9 million, $1.5 million for the 401(k) and $400,000 for the special restricted stock, and about $1.75 million for the remaining quarters of 2019 as we add Clark to our 401(k) plan. While the vesting of the special stock grants was a one-time event this year, the 401(k) will be impacted moving forward by employees joining and leaving the plan or increasing or reducing their contribution as we move forward. John just spoke about the lasting outcome that this investment has made on our employee retention, which is the key driver to our long-term success. Again, as a reminder, these items impact both CSP and SG&A, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. In addition to the items that Gary and John mentioned a few minutes ago, our present and future is and will be significantly impacted by our acquisition of Clark. We’re on pace with our integration and have already made positive changes related to vehicles, procurement and benefits plants. Clark will go live on our fleet systems the second week of August, which will be a step to getting their fleet operating margins more in line with Rollins’ levels. Based on past acquisitions, we have the opportunity to improve the fleet margins over 20%. Our Rollins’ support staff have visited with Clark in Lodi, California, and we are learning so much. On my recent visit, I had a chance to listen to customer calls and I was truly impressed with their call center function, the interaction with the customers and its efficiency. When I visited the Stockton branch, I gained a deeper understanding of how they run their operations at such an impressively high level. Since that time, several Clark employees have visited Atlanta to learn more about Rollins and how they can support our integration efforts. In addition to the reduced fleet expense, other items that will impact the P&L in Q3 and Q4 related to Clark are, depreciation will be up $1.9 million per quarter for buildings and vehicles added. We have received a draft of the valuation of Clark and including Clark as well as the other 40-plus acquisitions that we made over the last 18 months, amortization has increased $8.8 million. We are in a position to share more details related to the purchase interest expense now that we have worked through some of the specifics. For Q2, we had $1.9 million of interest for the partial quarter of borrowings. For Q3, we estimate $2.7 million, as we have already started paying down the loans and have added an interest rate swap to fix a portion of the loan at a rate of roughly 45 bps below LIBOR. We will continue to pay down the loans and estimate a reduction in interest expense to $2.5 million for Q4. Again, we’ve already started to pay off the outstanding loans and our plans are to be debt-free by early 2022. Finally, professional services were up $1.9 million for Q2, significantly higher than originally anticipated at the time of our Q1 call due to an in-depth regulatory review and the need for economic experts to support our case for acquisition as well as expertise related to the real estate transactions. There will be an additional $400,000 of expense related to this in Q3 and we anticipate nothing in Q4. For those of you that had a chance to review the release of our 8-K related to the Clark audited 2018 financials, I wanted to share some additional detail. From the bottom line results that were shared, there are approximately $11 million, which will be excluded as we move forward in time. $5.7 million of that is for rents that are no longer paid since we now own the properties, an additional $2.4 million on elimination of vehicles and transportation and then other expenses in addition. These expenses were normal private company expenses and there was agreement to make these changes prior to the finalizing of the acquisition. There will be several margin points of gains from these changes that will be added to the additional changes that we add from our integration of the business previously mentioned. One additional item where the Clark deal will have benefits will be in our free cash flow. Including the acquisition and the benefits of Clark, we will have approximately a $40 million increase in free cash flow for 2019. Even with lower than average net income in Q1 and Q2, this increase is in line with the previous few years. For 2019, as we’ve shared on prior calls, the earnings per share will be flat, but we believe the deal will be accretive by half a penny for the full year of 2020. Looking at the numbers, the second quarter revenues of $524 million was an increase of 9.1% over the prior year’s second quarter revenue of $480.5 million. There was an accounting change that increased our franchise revenue recognition last year by approximately $1.5 million, that did not occur in 2019. Income before income taxes improved from Q1, but decreased 3.6% to $87 million from $90.2 million in 2018. Favorable expense adjustments were made, but demand still lagged in several areas during the quarter. This impacted all of our subsequent financial metrics as well. Net income fell 1.9% to $64.3 million. Earnings per share was $0.20 per diluted share, in line with $0.20 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2018. EBITDA was $109 million, up 2.2% over Q2 2018. EBITDA is the best measure for the near term with the addition of Clark. Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2019 showed was $953 million, an increase of 7.2% over the prior year’s second quarter revenues of $889.2 million. Income before income taxes decreased 4.3% to $143 million from $149.4 million in 2018. Net income fell 4.9% to $108.5 million and earnings per share was $0.33, down 5.7% from the 2018 number of $0.35. EBITDA was $181.5 million, down seven-tenths of a percent compared to 2018. I detailed out some of the past and the present. Now, let’s turn our discussion to the future. As first mentioned several quarters ago, we are in the final stages of transitioning our fully funded pension plan off of our books. There are so many positive impacts from this step, which include managing the volatility of the assets, the elimination of that, the elimination of the annual $5 million payment to fund the plan and the elimination of the daily administrative management of the plan. In addition, since our plan is approximately 104% funded, which equates to roughly $6 million, these assets will be deployed in other areas of our business that will be discussed on our Q3 earnings call. Most of the financial impact from the pension transition will occur in Q3. First, we will have a significant non-cash charge of approximately $76 million pre-tax, which will be pension expense in Q3 which will equate to approximately $0.20 per share after taxes. This $76 million expense is the accounting treatment of the accumulated sum of unrealized losses associated with our plan. Net of tax, the loss will be approximately $64 million. The tax treatment is consistent with the method other companies would apply. The tax effect from the transition of the pension plan will be a reduction in the effective tax rate for the third quarter and for the year. Let’s take a l.ook through the Rollins’ revenue by service line for the second quarter. As discussed earlier, our total revenue increase of 9.1% included 5.5% from Clark and other acquisitions, and the remaining 3.6% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 43% of our revenue, was up a 11.1%, commercial pest control, which made up 37% of our revenue, was up 7.7%, and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 20% of our revenue, was up 9.2%. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 3.6%, and from that, residential was up 4.6%, commercial increased 2.8%, and termite and ancillary grew 4.6%. In total, gross margin was down slightly to 51.7% from 52% prior year’s quarter. The quarter experienced increases in most expenses due to acquisitions as well as in administrative salaries due to amortization of the employee special restricted share grants from the prior year and increased salaries. Service salaries, materials and supplies and fleet increased with production for the period. Taking out these one-time items, gross margin would have been 51.8%. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased $3.8 million to $20.1 million, an increase of 12.9%. Depreciation increased $1.5 million due to acquisitions and equipment purchases as mentioned earlier, while amortization of intangible assets increased $2.2 million due to the amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter increased $18.5 million or 12.9% to $161.9 million or 30.9% of revenues, up 1.1 percentage point from $143.4 million or 29.8% of revenues for the second quarter of 2019. The increase in the percent of revenues, as I discussed, is primarily due to acquisitions and the amortization of restricted shares from the 2018 special grant distribution and increases in the 401(k) expense. Taking out these one-time items, SG&A would have been 30.3%. As for our cash position for the period ended June 30, 2019, we spent $414.8 million on acquisitions, compared to $54.6 million the same period last year. We paid $68.7 million on dividends and had $13.4 million of CapEx, which was up 5.7% in 2018 primarily from planned IT upgrades, such as our BOSS Canada rollout and building improvements. We ended the period with $98.5 million in cash, of which $67.8 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Yesterday, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.105 per share that will be paid on September 10, 2019 to stockholders of record at the close of business August 9, 2019. The cash dividend is a 12.5% increase over the prior year. This marks the 17th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. Gary, I’ll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We’re happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll now take our first question from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much for taking the questions. I have a big macro question that within is about the pest control market broadly. Do you believe that you’re beginning to see a secular decline in the overall underlying growth rate – organic growth rate, and then it will be part of a cycle, we’ve had an improvement tied to an improving economic cycle starting to slow, is the overall market growing slower?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Michael. This is Eddie. I don’t know that we have any insights that would change what we believe will continue to be a growth market as we move forward in time. I think current weather patterns have moved things on one side and the other. Over the previous few years, current weather patterns, warmer during the warmer seasons and I think we’ve seen growth occurred during those times. I think that you actually highlighted some of the weather patterns that we’ve seen over the first part of this year in certain areas at least in the U.S. and I think we’ve seen adjustments with that. So, I don’t know that we know anything or see anything secular in nature or different in nature other than what we’ve seen.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, thank you.
John Wilson: And I think one advantage that we have is what we now have about 400 branches in North America. So, we really didn’t see from coast to coast and certainly as Eddie said that weather has a lot to do with how the season starts and we’re just not seeing an overall decrease as far as demand is concerned.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, that’s helpful. And then switching gears to Clark and I’ll come back into the queue. I just want to be clear on the comment you shared with us, Eddie. So there is a – in the 8-K there’s – I’m rounding there is approximately $9 million of reported income by Clark and you’re suggesting that you have $11 million that you can add back to that because of underlying, it was vehicles and – forgetting the other item, you pulled out here, as I’m looking through my notes, vehicles and rents were $8 million of that, but there is $11 million. So I’m looking at $20 million as a starting number. Is that the right way to think about it on the way you’d run the business before any other adjustments?
Eddie Northen: I think that’s a fair way thinking about it. Yes.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. I’ll come back in the queue.
Eddie Northen: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll now take our next question from Dan Dolev with Nomura.
Dan Dolev: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Dan.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Dan Dolev: I was a little bit – hey, good morning. I was a little bit surprised on the commercial side that I think the comp was a little bit easier. I’m not wrong; you did about 2.8% organic growth in that sub-segment that’s quite a bit lower than if I look historically, you’re averaging 4%, 3%. Is there anything we should be concerned about regarding competitive pressure from your larger competitor that’s being more aggressive on that side? I can’t help is that – is the weather impact in commercial like it impacts residential? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So, Dan, I would say, looking at a year ago, we grew 4.2%, that’s a pretty hefty number on the commercial side, and I would say that one of the things that we saw in the quarter was fumigation and that was just from some individual jobs and customers that just didn’t come through and fumigation is a piece of what we do on the commercial side, it’s not tariff related, it’s not anything else like that, it’s just actual jobs that didn’t come through that we have historically seen. So, it wasn’t competitive in nature at all. When we went through and looked at what those impacts were over that time period, it was rounding to a percent for us on the commercial side. So, we’ve made adjustments, where we can in the operations with that, but that’s something historically, we’ve not seen kind of moves like that. So, no competitive concerns at this point, a little bit of a higher comp from a year ago and the fumigation piece.
Dan Dolev: Got it. And just a separate question, we’ve done some survey work here that show that obviously, the customer satisfaction is very good and people that like the Orkin service really like the customer satisfaction. But on the other hand, it felt like pricing matters more than what I had expected. It is – this industry has been known for almost infinite price inelasticity. Have you noticed any changes in anything push back from customers on the price increases? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yes, thanks for that. We’ve not seen issues with that. I think as you know we’ve talked about, I think our marketing group is very robust and they’re testing, so that we want to know and understand what sort of temperature we’ll have when it comes to rolling out our price in individual markets and in individual areas, because we do not want to lose customer for price, because the lifetime value of the customer is the most important thing to us. So, I think we feel comfortable with the testing that’s going on. I don’t know of any material push back that we’ve had. Our pricing is relatively in line with what we’ve seen in previous years. And again, as we mentioned on the call, our customer retention numbers continue to improve. So, I don’t think that we’re seeing issues or concerns or problems at this point in time in that area.
Gary Rollins: Eddie, if I could, we’re very fortunate in our call center that we have – that we can verify really if there’s any pricing issues with our closure. So, we kind of have a laboratory, if you will, that you have the same people kind of handling these calls from the Northeast and the Midwest and so forth and so on. So, we’re able to track closure literally by region and division.
Dan Dolev: Got it. Thank you, Gary. Appreciate it. Thanks, Ed.
Eddie Northen: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: We’ll now take a question from Jamie Clement with Buckingham.
Jamie Clement: Hi, good morning, gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Jamie Clement: Right. I was just curious if I could get your thoughts. I think this was – this has been an unusual year in the sense that from our perspective, the industry has faced some unusual weather in both the first and the second quarters, and what I was curious about was, if in local markets, some of your competitors and everybody, who has found it hard to generate leads in the first quarter, do they tend to spend more trying to generate leads in the second quarter? Did you notice any of that? And how do you all strategically respond? Do you try to match them or you just kind of stick with the blueprint?
Eddie Northen: I think we’ll stick with the blueprint, the marketing really has to go through and figure out ways to be innovative when it comes to that acquisition cost per lead and then it’s on us to be able to make sure that we’re doing what we tend to close the lead from there. I don’t think we’ve seen anything different having to do with even the price necessarily for that in total. Now, there are some channels obviously that are more expensive, but our marketing group, I think again, it’s doing a great job by going and finding other channels to be able to create some of those leads and it’s just a matter of, is there enough demand there for the lead? And I don’t think it’s necessarily that we’re not winning leads. I think, it’s just been the demand that is there and the leads not being available to us.
Jamie Clement: Okay. Thank you. And Eddie, I’m not sure I caught this. were you saying that depreciation as a result of Clark would be up about $1.9 million sequentially from Q2 to Q3?
Eddie Northen: I don’t think I said that about depreciation.
Jamie Clement: Okay. Basically, I was trying to get is sort of like, what’s the current all-in quarterly D&A number post-Clark?
Eddie Northen: Yes. We did say it was up $1.5 million year-over-year.
Jamie Clement: I thought there was a different number you gave about Q story and I didn’t know if that was cumulative, I just was – just because you know it’s non-cash and I just wanted to make sure that there are no just modeling errors.
Eddie Northen: We’ll go back and we’ll look at the transcript and we’ll share that with you. How about that?
Jamie Clement: Okay, all right, great. And yes, just a general comment, Gary, how the international businesses are performing?
Gary Rollins: They are performing well. We’re very pleased. We’ve had some challenges in Australia, but we seem to have turned the corner there, their economy has not been as robust as we have here in North America, but we’re very pleased with UK, we’re very pleased with our operation in Singapore. And so I think all in all, we’re pleased with our international business.
Jamie Clement: Or more international acquisition is very much on the table?
Gary Rollins: I think so. We continue to have candidates. And I think our track record is – has helped us understand what we can expect and when we can expect it. So, I think we’re a little bit more robust than we were before, but we’re really pleased, and one of the great things is that – is these people that have built these businesses have stayed. So, we don’t have to learn the culture and all other things that a local individual is already extremely familiar with. And I think that’s a – that’s been a blessing and we also have a position that we can refer a candidate to our other acquired companies.
Jamie Clement: Right.
Gary Rollins: And that’s helped us a long ways, because I think we get good results or good feedback that we don’t go in and try to change everything or change everybody that’s patient, and we try to cheer things if we think would benefit them, but we’ve not taken a heavy hand and I think that goes a long way when you’re trying to acquire companies.
Jamie Clement: Okay. thank you all very much for your time and I appreciate it.
Eddie Northen: Hey, Jamie, to close the loop, I did mention, I just want to make sure the total depreciation versus what we called out for Clark, we did say up $1.9 million per quarter for building the vehicles having to do with Clark.
Jamie Clement: And that’s – so that was second quarter year-over-year?
Eddie Northen: That’s correct.
Jamie Clement: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Eddie Northen: You’re welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now move to Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning. Eddie, you and Gary and John, you guys thrown a lot of numbers out of this morning on the margins, if you could exclude Clark for a second, just stepping back here, I kind of thought margins would have been heading up higher this year with the roll-off of some of your IT expenditures, maybe, a more normalized growth of recurring revenue customers, but it appears like maybe there are more headwinds here, other things to consider offsetting some of these benefits. Could you just step back for us and kind of give us the major puts and takes on margin in 2019 and how we should think about – how we should think about the major puts and takes overall I guess? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Tim, I think if you take – if you take Clark out, the benefit piece is going to be one of the larger pieces that we’re going to have that will be out there, that as you know, it wasn’t something we thought was going to be a headwind expense-wise, we thought we would be flat to the previous year. But with our improved usage of the plan, more people joining the plan, more people increasing their match in the plan that has been an additional expense for us. But the other piece of it is it’s going to be staffing for a season that hasn’t come as normal or as expected. We don’t have a dollar amount for that. We don’t have a dollar amount to give you put and take, having to do with that, but the solid numbers that we have talked about do have to do with the benefit.
Tim Mulrooney: All right. That’s helpful. How do you think about margin on a go-forward or a long-term basis? Do you think this business tops out in the 20%, 21% EBITDA margin range? Or is there more room to run through stronger density and tech investments and stuff like that?
Eddie Northen: I think coming from the density background, that’s before Gary convinced me to make the best decision in my life after marrying my wife was learning and understanding the importance of density and every single time John and Group find and acquire a mountain top company, they find and acquire a regional company that we end up rolling into another existing brand or organization, we get a little bit more depth, we get a little bit more efficient and we become better every single time that happens. So to me, in an extremely fragmented industry like we have, I think the upside opportunities continue to be out there for years to come. And I think when you double down on that with the technology investments that we have made and the fact on how we are executing on those technology investments at this point in time, with a lot of runway to go, I still think personally there is a lot of upside potential that has to go with that.
Tim Mulrooney: So, a lot of runway left, no reason structurally why Rollins’ EBITDA margin tops out at 20%, 21%.
Eddie Northen: I don’t believe so. I think there is more room potentially to go as we look forward in time.
Tim Mulrooney: Thank you. I just want to squeeze in one more here, because of kind of related to that. Just on the Clark acquisition, if I add back that $11 million to the reported how we calculated EBITDA of $16 million, we get more to a run rate EBITDA for Clark that’s closer to 20% already excluding those $11 million one-time items or items that won’t repeat, am I doing that math right? Are you getting to a go-forward Clark EBITDA margin in the high-teens range? And where do you think you can get that to in a couple of years? Am I doing the math right and how do you think about it long-term? Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Yes. I think your math is right. We started calling out some of the things that we are already moving on having to do with improving our vehicle margin. We’re going to be moving those folks over to – the car folks over to some of our benefits plans, which is going to be a saving. We’ve already started with some of our procurement spend items. So, we know they’re going to be multiple margin points that are going to be in addition to those other items that I called out to be $11 million. The good news is like I had mentioned, we’ve had our support staff out there. We understand what we can move on in the priority of how quickly their needs are. They’ve been here to work through those integration steps and like I said. So even in two weeks, we’re starting with the fleet; we’re going to start moving the fleet piece of it. The 401(k) plan is going to be moving over in August to the Rollins’ 401(k) plan, which would be a saving. So there is – there are multiple opportunities that we believe from a margin perspective, will help in addition to what you lined out.
Tim Mulrooney: I understand. Thank you. Good luck in the back half of the year.
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll now take a follow-up from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: So, there’s two pieces here. One on the – you gave us an adjusted gross margin of 51.8%, which pulled out all the noise. So, that’s still down year-over-year and yet retention’s better. I’m still struggling with why margins aren’t improving. And then the second part, you gave us an $8 million amortization number, but you didn’t tell us whether that was like quarterly or how does that flow through? So, when I look at D&A, in total, I got $1.9 million for Clark plus what for amortization per quarter?
Eddie Northen: Yes. So, Michael, I’ll go back to the first question that you had there. And I think it’s a little bit of what we – what we responded back to Tim there. We’ve staffed for a season that has not come through as we’ve seen from a normal demand perspective. And as Gary opened up the call, we’re not – our efficiency isn’t as good as we would normally have it and we’re making adjustments for that, it’s just the abnormality of kind of the way this has fallen. We don’t want to be in a position, where we’re not staffed accordingly for a season, have the season come and then not be able to take care of things from a customer perspective and a long-term customer value perspective. So, we had an abnormality there and I think that’s what we’re seeing as part of that margin piece. We’re moving forward, we’re making adjustments to that, like I said, July has been off to a good start.
Gary Rollins: I’d like to add that, if we’d cut our vehicles and our head count a month ago, we’d really be in bad shape right now. So, whether you like it or not, you’ve just got the hold on and fortunately, I guess, July now is showing that that strategy or those actions were really the right things to do, but it’s very painful when you have that period that you’re not giving your revenue as you were expecting, but you’ve got that incremental expense build up in the form of headcount and vehicles. So that’s really what put more pressure on the margin than any piece other than that.
Eddie Northen: And Michael, we’re not going to manage through a quarter, I mean that’s the bottom line of what our company is about and it’s the way that Rollins has been successful for a lot of years and we’re not going to make a short-term decision that might help our margin a 1% or 2% or whatever else like that and then damage the long-term business. We’re not going to do that and that’s unfortunately what we’ve gone through these first two quarters, and to Gary’s point, it’s paying off and we’re seeing the demand that’s coming through and we’re prepared for that.
Michael Hoffman: Can I just ask a clarification just so I make sure I understood everything, I get why you are making in the statements you are making, I get the business management reasons for managing the costs the way you did. If the second-half growth rate is a good growth rate, but it’s still organic – is lower year-over-year, by all rights the margins should expand, because of the way the math of adding new customers, lower margin in the first year, better margin in the second, really good in the third, isn’t that the – is that the right way to think about that all else being equal?
Eddie Northen: That’s exactly the right way to think about it.
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Eddie Northen: you’re exactly right with how to think about it and that’s what our expectations would be as we’re moving through the remainder of the year.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. thanks. And then just a clarification on the amortization number you gave us. how do I apply it in the model?
Eddie Northen: That’s going to be year-over-year increase, is what that’s going to be…
Michael Hoffman: Full 12 months, so divided by 4.
Eddie Northen: Correct.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Eddie Northen: Yes. I do want to clarify one other thing, Jamie, you had asked your question earlier about the depreciation, I misstated something. So, I just want to clarify that. The $1.9 million for the depreciation for Clark is going to be for Q3 and Q4. For Q2, it was $1.3 million and that’s because we acquired them at the end of April. So, two months out of the quarter. So, I want to make sure that we clarify that.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from Jamie Clement from Buckingham.
Jamie Clement: Eddie, thank you for that. And then just one follow-up question, just reading a little bit of the news about California and some of the like rodenticide situation with the legislation and that kind of thing. Is there like – is that an opportunity for somebody like you if the industry has to change the protocols?
Eddie Northen: Well, that’s a really good question. John’s probably closer to that.
John Wilson: Yes, Jamie, that’s a great question. I don’t know, I’m not sure anybody knows right now. I was reading an article on that just last night. So, we’re not real sure just yet. We do – there’s obviously, if you take away the second generation rodenticides, the opportunity for the rodent populations to grow pretty dramatically is there.
Jamie Clement: Yes.
John Wilson: And so that creates opportunity, but it’s unfortunate and we’re as an industry wrestling with that as we speak. But I think there can be opportunity there, just may not be – it just may not be good for the residents of California.
Jamie Clement: Yes, now I get it.
Gary Rollins: I think it gets down to how much pressure the public is going to put on these regulators. Of course, rats are pretty onerous and just for appearance, if nothing else. So, it’s going to be interested to see, because I think this is the first legitimate shoot-out that you have between the environmentalists, who think they did the right thing, but apparently by all indications, this has just really backfired. I mean this has unintended consequences and we certainly have more rodent leads than we had, I mean, it’s the respondents of the population, but it’s going to be really interested to see how this thing shapes out.
Eddie Northen: Jamie, one other thing, too, they haven’t taken these products away from use in food processing plants. So, they’re still going to be out there and then further to that while you can’t buy them off the shelf in a grocery store in California, you can order them on the Internet and dependent on the number that you look at, we may be taking care of 20%, 25% of the population. The rest is unvended and they’re going to various Internet sources and buying those same products and they’ll still be using them.
Jamie Clement: And probably using them – and using them less responsibly than you’d be using them.
Eddie Northen: Exactly right. And that’s been our big issue with the regulation, so...
Jamie Clement: Okay. I appreciate all that.
Eddie Northen: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Jamie. Michael, one other clarification for you having to do with the amortization kind of similar to back to the question that Tim had having to do with the depreciation and I misstated. So, the amortization for the quarter was about $2.2 million, but we only had two months of Clark as part of that. So, the amortization, as we move forward per month year-over-year, will be slightly higher than that. So, just because – so obviously, we’ll have what, three months, going to be in there, but I just want to clarify that.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you on our progress in these numerous new programs and initiatives that we’re taking, and also the fact that the season this quarter certainly is starting strong and we would hope that that will continue throughout the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today’s conference and we thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins Incorporated First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Marilyn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode 2305197. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are; Gary Rollins, Rollins' Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. As most of you know our first quarter is a transitional quarter that leads into our higher demand pest season. Although, we rarely talk about the impact of weather on the business, this year mother nature was particularly unkind, unleashing what some referred to as the polar vortex delivering some of the coldest temperatures to parts of the country in over two decades. But as we say around here, spring always comes sometimes it's earlier, sometimes it's later. We much prefer earlier however. But it always comes and with it comes higher pest activity. This pest activity can be measured by digital and phone lead flow. March and early April confirmed that spring is arriving and service demand and sales will begin to increase significantly. The good news is that we have already added to and trained our seasonal staff to meet this increasing demand. Although, we were hampered with the coldest first quarter in the past several years we had many important operational successes. These were the result of our previous investments that will benefit our employees and customers. This quarter we achieved major improvements in both employee and customer retention. Our new technologies developed to improve our service delivery through our customer routing and scheduling and as you recall we enhanced our 401(k) and other benefits. These actions are both paying dividends, and I'll explain further in a minute. Revenues for the quarter grew 5% to $429.1 million, compared to $408.7 million for the first quarter of 2018. Net income was $44.2 million or $0.14 per diluted share, compared to $48.5 million or $0.15 per diluted share in the first quarter last year. Eddie will provide greater details on these results. Looking at our business lines in the quarter, residential pest control grew 4.9%; commercial pest control rose 4.6%; and termite and ancillary was up 4.8%. Regrettably our increased employee staffing cost, additional vehicle expense, other season-related expenses grew faster than our revenue. As promised I wanted to take a minute to elaborate on our enhanced 401(k) plan and other improved employee benefits I referred to earlier. As a service company, we have long recognized that our employees are our most important asset. And last year, as a result of the opportunity provided by the Tax Cut and Jobs Act, we elected to provide our employees with better benefits that would have a long-term positive effect for them and their families and our company. One of the most important benefits we selected to help achieve these goals was Rollins increasing their employee match to our 401(k) program. Prior to January 1, 2018, we matched employee contributions 50% on up to 6% of their contribution. We now match 100% on the first 3% of their contribution and 50% for the contributions up to 6%. In response this benefit change has far exceeded our expectations, with many more employees now enrolled in the 401(k) program for the first time and many increasing their contribution to the plan. As a result, we now have a higher percentage of employees participating in our plan. The incremental cost is approximately $1 million a quarter however, this confirms our employees that we are investing more in their future. We believe that it also indicates that their confidence in the future of Rollins and the promise it has for them and their families. Other benefits. We also doubled the number of college scholarships, increased paid time-off and provided company stock to many selected tenured employees. Any day we are anticipating regulatory clearance for our acquisition of Clark Pest Control, a leading pest management company located in Lodi, California. Clark is the nation's eighth largest pest management company according to PCT magazine. The company operates in 26 locations. It serves residents and businesses throughout California and Northwest Nevada.  Clark has a history of excellent service and a very loyal customer base. We are thrilled to have them join our team and are confident that Clark will continue to grow and be a major contributor to Rollins. This acquisition is the largest in our company's history to date. Let me now turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. While our first quarter results were not what we expected, we have reasons to celebrate and most of that centers around our team members. Gary has already recapped the highlights of our employee benefit enhancements, so I thought to report that this year how these improvements are helping our operations. For the Orkin brand alone, we saw a 33% improvement in our most important metric employee retention. This meant that we separated from Orkin 224 fewer people. This saves time spent searching for replacement team members as well as dollars spent for training those new hires. We also saw similar employee retention improvements in nearly every other one of our brands and what we all know is a very tough labor market. During the quarter, we were also pleased to announce that Rollins and Northwest pest control has been awarded a 2019 top workplaces award by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. This marked the third consecutive year for Rollins having been honored for this award, and the seventh year -- seventh consecutive year for Northwest recognition. Rollins ranks 16th in the large business category, and Northwest ranks 20th in the list of midsized companies. This honor is based solely on employees satisfaction and engagement feedback gathered through a third-party survey. The survey measures several aspects of workplace culture including alignment, execution, leadership and connection, and more than 4,300 Metro Atlantic companies participated in this program and 80,000 of their employees were surveyed about their workplace experience. Many thanks go to our leadership team, who deserve the credit for Rollins achieving this honor. We were also pleased that Rollins was recognized again this year by Training Magazine as one of the top 125 training organizations in the world. This marks the 14th time, since 2003, that either Rollins or Orkin has achieved this honor, and we still rank as the only pest management company to have received this acknowledgment. As we have said many times in the past, the training experience our employees receive is vitally important to their retention and a successful launch to their careers. It is important to us to know that they know that they have future in our company not just a job. Over the past year, Rollins introduced quite a few new or enhanced curriculum for employees, improvements in our residential and commercial service processes, leadership development, multi-unit leadership development, and customer service to name a few. Jerry Gahlhoff, President of Rollins Specialty Brands and VP of Human Resources sums it up well. Rollins believes, it's employees who are at the core of developing relationships with customers and employee training is a critical component of ensuring we are well equipped to support and serve those customers. Gary just noted how excited we are to have Clark join our Rollins family. For those of you who may not be aware, our previous acquisition -- the largest acquisition was HomeTeam, more than the decade ago. At the time of that acquisition, they were the fourth largest pest control company in the U.S. Over the years, HomeTeam has continued to thrive growing to 52 branches and over 1,700 team members, quite a growth accomplishment by any standard. From a financial perspective, HomeTeam performs extremely well. Over the past five years, HomeTeam's revenue has grown nearly 8% on average, faster than both the industry and for Rollins in total. Additionally, operating improvements -- operating profits have grown at a faster rate than Rollins overall, and their customer base is growing faster as well. HomeTeam currently provides services to 18 of the top 20 homebuilders and is the number one pest control company servicing homebuilders across the nation. They have installed the Taexx Pest Management system in more than one million homes. HomeTeam has also been recognized for the quality of its work having been the recipient of the highly coveted David Weekley Partner of Choice Quality Award for the past several years. HomeTeam performs thousands of services for David Weekley Homes in the 13 cities where it conducts business and these awards are a testimony to HomeTeam's focus on providing top-notch quality and exceptional service to its business partners. HomeTeam is just one example of the fine companies that we have added to our family of brands over the years. Thank you all for your time and I will turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. The extreme weather and late spring coupled with several one-time items contributed to uncharacteristic results for the first quarter. We were well-staffed to provide our best-in-class service between a much publicized polar vortex and the substantial rain in all of California and the Midwest, pest demand did not materialize in a normal fashion. For example there was several days in February that were impacted with snow in unlikely places like Pasadena and Las Vegas. January was a good month February a difficult -- a very difficult month and March was a more normal month. Even with late snow in many areas of the country, we see April is off to a favorable start. For the quarter, all of our service lines showed growth and peak of the quarter included impacts of extreme weather patterns, continued improvements in both employee and customer retention, and as mentioned, several one-time items that impacted bottom-line profitability. Looking at the numbers, the first quarter revenues of $429.1 million was an increase of 5% over the prior year's first quarter revenue of $408.7 million. Income before income taxes decreased 5.3% to $56.1 million from $59.2 million in 2018. Expense grew faster than revenue as we prepared for the spring season that was delayed this year. This impacted most of our subsequent financial metrics as well. Net income fell 8.9% to $44.2 million and earnings per share decreased 6.7% to $0.14 per diluted share compared to $0.15 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2018. EBITDA was $72.5 million, down 4.9% over Q1 of 2018. As we move forward, we will speak more to EBITDA as we add Clark and more customer amortization to the Rollins family brands. Let's take a look at the one-time items that impacted the quarter. A normal quarter may see one of these items and not being a material impact. But as several of these were coupled with weather-related lower pest demand, this affected our overall gross margin. The material items were; $775,000 of professional services expenses was incurred to work through the unexpected Federal Trade Commission process for the Clark acquisition. Moving forward we expect to have an additional $250,000 in expense in Q2. Contractors involved with the fast de-lease accounting change impacted Q1 by $335,000 and will impact future quarters by a similar amount. With the growth of our international operations coupled by the strong U.S. dollar against foreign currency, the difference year-over-year was $1.3 million. Our tax rate in 2019 of 21% compared to 18% last year impacted the bottom-line by over $1 million. And the last item to note is the increase in 401(k) and stock equity vesting. While we have not planned to see any material difference year-over-year, we were very pleased to see more employees participating at a higher rate based on the popularity of the enhanced benefits that Gary mentioned. 372 additional employees began participating in our 401(k) program, bringing our participation rate up to 95.8% in 2019. Additionally, the overall contribution per person increased as well. These items impacted both CSP and SG&A for the quarter. The combinations of 401(k) increase and vesting of equity awards granted last year impacted the quarter by an additional $1.5 million. As Gary mentioned, we are very excited about the pending acquisition of Clark. And last quarter, John spent some time sharing what he and Jerry learned while visiting employees of this great company. For the first time in my tenure at Rollins, the bankers are very happy with us. We will be taking out a $250 million term loan tied to LIBOR using our credit line for $100 million and using cash for the remainder of the purchases. I say purchases because we will complete two separate transactions to close the deal. We will first close on the real estate portion of the owned Clark properties, which equated to about 21 properties and then close on the pest business portion of Clark. We will begin paying these loans back as early as July of this year with an intent to have all loans paid off within the next two years. As I mentioned last quarter, Clark is very profitable. But with the depreciation, goodwill amortization and loan interest, Clark will not add to EPS in year one, but will be generating significant additional cash flow. Once the valuation is complete, we will be able to share more specifics of the financial impact. But we know that amortization of customer contracts will increase our overall amortization between 25% and 35% year-over-year in 2019. We will share more related to the anticipated impact of this deal on our total Rollins results moving forward. Let's take a look through the Rollins revenue by service lines for the first quarter. As discussed earlier, our total revenue increase of 5% that included 1.1% from several acquisitions and the remaining 3.9% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 40% of our revenue was up 4.9%. Commercial pest control, which made up 40% of our revenue was up 4.6%. And termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 19% of our revenue was up 4.8%. Both residential pest control and termite were most impacted by the severe weather. Again, total revenue, less acquisitions was up 3.9%. And from that, residential pest control was up 4.5%, commercial increased -- commercial pest control increased 2.5% and termite and ancillary grew 4.3%. In total, gross margin was down slightly to 49.4% from 49.6% prior year's quarter. The quarter experienced an increase in administrative salaries, as we amortize the employee-restricted share grants provided last year. Additionally, fleet expenses were up as leased vehicle expenses were higher as well as increases in contractor expense associated with the new lease accounting pronouncement that I mentioned in my opening. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter decreased $200,000 to $16.7 million, a decrease of 1.4%. Depreciation increased $400,000 due to acquisitions and equipment purchases, while amortization of intangible assets decreased $600,000 due to the full amortization of customer contracts from several acquisitions. These numbers will change substantially once we complete the acquisition of Clark. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased $13 million or 10.3% to $139.5 million or 10.3% of revenues, up 1.6 percentage points from $126.5 million or 13.9% of revenues for the first quarter of 2019. The increase in the percent of revenue is primarily due to the increases in administrative salaries, which were up due to amortization of restricted share grants from 2018, sales salaries as sales increased during the period and personnel-related expenses related to the employee 401(k) match that I discussed. Additionally, there were increases in professional services, related to contractors used to update the leases for the new accounting standard. As for our cash position for the period ending March 31, 2019, we spent $7 million on acquisitions compared to $43.2 million the same period last year, which did include OPC. We paid $34.3 million on dividend and had $6.5 million of capital expenditures, which was up 5.7% from 2018, primarily related to planned IT upgrade such as our BOSS Canada rollout. We ended the period with $116.6 million in cash of which $60.5 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Yesterday, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.105 per share that will be paid on June 10, 2019 to stockholders of record at the close of business May 10, 2019. The cash dividend is a 12.9% increase over the prior year. This marks the 17th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. Before I wrap up, I do want to remind you that we made the decision to derisk our pension and move it off of our books about 12 months ago. We are on schedule for this to finalize in the third quarter. At that time, we will have a significant one-time non-cash accounting charge related to the finalization of this process. I will share more details in Q2 as we get closer to the end of this process. Gary, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well, we're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Sean Kennedy with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Sean Kennedy: Good morning everyone.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning Sean.
Sean Kennedy: So I had a question about the operating margins this quarter. I know Eddie touched on it, but even adding back this $3 million of add backs that you called out on the press release, it's still getting back to around 14% operating margin. So I was wondering, if you could maybe detail some of the other pressures and then see and describe whether they are recurring or just one-time? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yes. I will point you back to the softness of the quarter from a weather perspective the softness of demand based on the weather. Revenues did not come in as we would typically anticipate because of the slowness of the spring season, which caused some of that as well. We don't necessarily have that particularly quantified. We're well staffed across the board but those – but that staffing without the revenue that's there is going to put some pressure on that as well.
Sean Kennedy: Got it. And then one follow-up question on commercial was a little weaker than expected was that due to weather? Or is there anything else to call out there?
Eddie Northen: You know, I think if you look at that from kind of the roller-coaster perspective, if you look at it over the last four years you'll see commercial rolling faster then you'll see it a little bit slower then you'll see faster and a little bit slower. I think we just had a quarter that was a little bit off from what we've seen in some of the previous years. If you look back in 2018 and even 2017, we had some pretty strong commercial numbers that we saw.
Sean Kennedy: Great. That's it for me. Good luck with the rest of the year.
Eddie Northen: Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Hi. Thank you very much. In the fourth quarter you gave us guidance about the tax rate for the year at 26%. How do I think about the cadence of that tax playing out for the remainder of the year given the 21% in 1Q?
Eddie Northen: Yes. So we will get to around that 26% for the full year. 2018 was similar in fashion where Q1 was the lowest tax rate that we had for the year and then the subsequent quarters Q3 and four brought us back to that total numbers. So I would anticipate a cadence based on everything we know right now that would be similar in nature to that. And of course, last year the tax rate was at 18% with some extraordinary items that impacted that and the tax rate this year 21% lower than the full 26%, but still again higher than last year. But we believe that the subsequent quarters should level that out for the full year up to 26%.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then the revenues shortfall have you quantified for yourself how much was – branch was close we couldn't do this service versus we didn't get a new customer and so you understand – maybe that branches closing and you didn't get the work done but it's going to get done? How much of that number that shows up in 2Q?
Eddie Northen: Yes. We've not taken the time to grow through and break that down. That – it's really going to be demand that is pent-up. And as Gary talked about earlier, we seen the least of the phones ringing much more aggressively and its A - it's a stuff that we'll see in the upcoming months. As I mentioned April is off to a good start for us and as that warm weather comes the demand will come through. The good news is that John and team are well prepared and they are well-staffed well-trained ready to go for that.
Michael Hoffman: Right. And may I squeeze one other and what's your borrowing costs so we can do our own analysis of when we can get Clark closed and all that and figure out what's kind of happen on the balance sheet?
Eddie Northen: Yes. So we do want just one follow-up, but we will have the term loan tied to LIBOR and then the credit line will be slightly higher than that. But once we finish and close we'll give you some more details on that.
Michael Hoffman: LIBOR plus what?
Eddie Northen: What? We'll give you more when we close.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: So, Sean and Mike each asked the question, I'm just going to try ask it one more time. How much did weather impact your top line results in the first quarter?
Eddie Northen: Well, we don't like to say the word weather and Gary kind of opened with that, it's the reality. As good as we are at being involved with that and as far as the different quarters are concerned mother nature still does her thing. And in this case, it's by far the coldest that we've seen in several years. We staffed as appropriate for a relative normal year. And in -- like an example that I gave. Pasadena is snowing, Las Vegas is snowing. There was more rain in Los Angeles and in Southern California than there was in Seattle during the first quarter. So, it's just anomalies that just occurred that we're not accustomed to. When it rains every day in Southern California, we can't do termite work. We can't do a lot of pest work that we can do in those types of situations. And then when it's snowing in places or polar vortex cold in Chicago was minus 20, we're not digging trenches for termite when it's minus 20 degrees. So, we don't have a number that's going to quantify that. It's just very different than what we seen in the past several years. Gary is in this longer than any of us. So may you put some more color on it?
Gary Rollins: I'm not. I mean, it's painful when it's the first quarter. The good news is, is if you had stumbled this is the one to do it on, because of the size of the quarter. But I'd like to add one thing we spent a lot of time developing our bonus plans for our managers and leaders. And our plans are settled quarterly and -- but they also have an annual checker, so our people get back in the game. I mean, you can have a bad quarter, but still pull it out and that's been very helpful. So, we don't have anybody depressed or suicidal. It's just a matter of bad situation and it's very difficult to just determine the impact of not being get to the customers and not having the leads which is important part of our business. I mean, I would really imagine that even a mathematical genius would have a hard time trying to figure that out.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. That makes sense. Thanks for the additional color. Garry, I appreciate that. Just -- my other one, Eddie you said April is off to a good start, right?
Eddie Northen: That's correct.
Tim Mulrooney: So, if I'm looking at the second quarter which I know is a critical period for you guys, could weather potentially be a tailwind this year? Am I remembering correctly that last year had a delayed spring pest season? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Well, the -- I'll ask John to weigh in on this as well. But the thing that I would add is whenever there is extreme moisture, once that dries up it creates a significant demand on the pest side. And warmer weather are good for us as long as long as the wet dries up enough for pest to proliferate. So, I would say that we would have opportunities, especially in those areas that have significant rain or other moisture whether it's snow in the first quarter, we'll see the benefits of that trailing, I would say, this quarter and the following.
John Wilson: Yes. I think all of those things, Tim I mean we're seeing a pent-up demand. We had $1 million day in our call center, which handles residential pest sales for us on Monday. We hadn't had one of those this early or in April since 2017. So plenty of pent-up demand, our teams are well prepared to handle that. I think it'll be a much better quarter for us, no doubt.
Gary Rollins: The encouraging part to me, which John talked about during his part of the call. The employee retention is significant improvement, which has helped us with our customer retention is significant improvement. So now we go into this pent-up demand time period with higher employee retention, well-trained technicians and we're going to be ready to rock and roll with the demand that is there. So that's the encouraging part to me is how well prepared we are for what's about to happen or what's happening right now.
Tim Mulrooney: Great. Thank you, and good luck in the spring.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Chris McGinnis with Sidoti Capital. Please go ahead.
Chris McGinnis: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Gary Rollins: Morning.
Chris McGinnis: Just maybe to follow-up on that. Does that pent-up demand puts stress at all on the system? Can you maybe just highlight that how better positioned you might be given the kind of the weaker trends in Q1?
Eddie Northen: Well, from me you don't have a situation where we're going to have to hire additional new people and have then trained as this demand continues to increase. With the employee retention, again that John talked about and that we've had. We have the productivity and the efficiency already in the network that will enable us to be able to I believe -- I strongly believe to be able to digest it easily. So it's not that the demand is increasing and we're having to add new stuff and having to train them and get them up to speed. These people are already on the payroll, they're already trained, they are ready to go. And I think we'll be more efficient than what we -- maybe would be if we were still adding people during this time period.
Gary Rollins: I'd like to add one thing, Eddie, which is also important about the retention. Although you do save on the search and the training, you also save as far as management time. And I think that's an important consideration, because it takes a certain amount of management time to go through that sourcing and training and energy in training. So they'll have more time to really work on our businesses forward.
Chris McGinnis: Thanks for that. And then just a lot of acquisitions in 2018. Can you maybe just talk about how those businesses are trending versus maybe as you want just call the legacy business as well in the quarter? Thanks.
Eddie Northen: Yes. From an acquisition perspective, once a year we have a summit to come together to go through all the acquisitions we've had for the previous years. So we track those on a monthly basis to make sure that we are seeing the benefits that we should see. At this point in time we're very happy. If you look outside of -- just the Orkin, U.S. operation, you look at our Specialty Brands and our international operations for Q1, they performed very well for us and we don't -- we're not going to break anything out, we're not going to give any specifics of anything. But they performed very well for us. And in some cases those were newer acquisitions, the OPC newer acquisition, Northwest newer acquisition. We've increased our footprint in the U.K., Singapore last year, newer acquisition that have all performed very well for us. And I think seeing those has helped the overall distribution of what we have as far as revenue and profitability. So, I think overall we're in a good spot and I think in a great spot as far as growth for the future.
Chris McGinnis: Great. Thanks for that color and good luck in Q2.
Eddie Northen: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from James Clement with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
James Clement: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
James Clement: Can you hear me?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Go ahead.
James Clement: Okay, great. Guys I want to ask you I saw -- I don't know how long it's been on TV, but I saw one of the Orkin commercials featuring like the baby nursery. I kind of thought that was a little bit different in terms of tone than some of your other ad campaigns in the years past which were a little bit more outrageous, whether it's a guy wearing a bug costume and holding a pizza box and that kind of thing. Any intents behind sort of the change in vibe there?
Eddie Northen: Well. I think we were trying to -- and I'll let John help out with this, but I think the intent was to pull in all of the different support that we give to our customers. And I think if you look at the many different types of ads that are out there, we talk about lots of different scenarios where our customers need our help and our support. And for me, the most favorite one is the female technician that is part of the family. And they show her in the house, they show her help them with the kids homework and they show her making breakfast and stuff. They just consider her to be a part of their family an extension of their family. And I think that's more of what we're trying to get to is how supportive we are with people's lifestyle. And by creating a safe customary environment and by creating an environment on the outside of a home that are customary and mosquito free enable people to live their lives in a different way. And having Orkin be a part of that, I think it's really what -- part of what it was that we were trying to create.
James Clement: Okay.
John Wilson: Yes, Jamie I would add. So the messaging is all about pest control is an ongoing necessity as opposed to an emergency type of situation. To your point about the big bug holding the pizza box that...
James Clement: Which I loved by the way I absolutely love that to see it now.
John Wilson: No doubt, but it was really about -- the messaging was about only calling us when you have a need, right. Whereas now the messaging is about in order to maintain a healthy and happy lifestyle, pest control is kind of a necessity as opposed to that only call when you have a need. So that's kind of the messaging and then the other piece of the new advertising is it's attention getting. I mean, I was in a hotel in Chicago and I had the television on the news channel and all of a sudden the television kind of went silent. And after a few seconds I looked up and then it was one of our ads and it was the one with all of the adults on the back deck having a party. And they we're talking in a muffled, which by and large there wasn't much sound coming from the commercial. And they told me to look up to see what was going on and about the time I looked up the ad was ending and the Orkin logo showed up. And so it went a lot of quarter we're trying to get -- grab people's attention with that move. And it's -- I think it will pay off for us it's proven successful early on. We've got some really good reviews on it.
Gary Rollins: Okay. I think if I might add one thing. We do a lot of testing. And so, there would be several creative initiatives that were stopped or discontinued and we select what we feel is going to be the best one and if you're watching television or the commercials or cable or whatever, you can just see a similar situation with major advertisers. They are just looking to grab the audience and deliver their message, but if you can't grab them, it doesn't matter what your message is. So we're hopeful and time will tell.
James Clement: I appreciate that. Eddie real quick, your comments around the range of growth in intangible amortization, were you giving it back to the fact that you're only talking about eight months of 2019? Or were you did meaning on like an annualized basis?
Eddie Northen: So that would be the impact -- once we make the acquisition that will be the impact, there will be a range of the impacts on a quarterly basis.
James Clement: Okay. So like a year-over-year basis?
Eddie Northen: Correct.
James Clement: Okay, okay. Okay, great. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Eddie Northen: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi. Just, you gave a bunch of data, which on the phone was breaking up unfortunately. So I didn't know whether it was -- you gave big growth rates. I think you gave us the totals, that 4.9%, 4.6%, 4.8%, the next group, was that organic, the 4.5%, 2.5% and 4.3% res, comm and termite?
Eddie Northen: That is correct.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. I couldn't. The phones were breaking up unfortunately. So inside that 4.5% to -- and all those numbers, because of the weather and the disruptions, is virtually all of that retained business and add-on services, plus prices versus new customer adds?
Eddie Northen: Well, we'll have new customer adds in certain parts of the country. I think the majority will come from the categories that you mentioned. But there are -- there's certain parts of the country that were less impacted by the weather than others. I mean if you look at the Midwest, they were probably the most impacted, then I would probably say California is where it kind of followed that. But there were other areas of the country that were less impacted and we would have new customer growth that will come from here.
Michael Hoffman: And that's why you're saying that retention across all three businesses improved year-over-year, because -- in each of the biz segments, because you're part of getting the number -- the organic growth number, you worry you had to improve the quality of the retention too, right, given the disruption in new leads.
Eddie Northen: That’s right. 
Michael Hoffman: Okay. So that’s why I was trying to get it right. All right.
Eddie Northen: Yes. So the -- so we -- again, we believe that the tie between the improvement and the employee retention, again, that John talked about is always a great correlation for us on customer retention and we've seen that now a couple of quarters in a row, where we've seen some pretty healthy improvement.
Michael Hoffman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to our speakers.
Gary Rollins: Great. Thank you. Okay. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to updating you on our progress in the second quarter call. Thanks, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference call. The call has now concluded. Please disconnect your lines and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Marilyn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the pass code 7939620. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and yearend 2019 conference call. Eddie will read our forward looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our conference call discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. This conference call also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures and performance. These non-GAAP measures should be used as a supplement and not a substitute for net income loss computed in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filing, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We're pleased to report our 51st consecutive quarter of improved revenue and earnings. Revenues for the quarter grew 7.2% to $444.6 million compared to $414.7 million for the fourth quarter last year. Net income increased 51.1% to $51 million or $0.16 per diluted share compared to $33.7 million or $0.10 per diluted share for the same quarter of 2017. Revenues for the full year rose 8.8% to $1.822 billion compared to $1.674 billion for the same period last year. Net income increased 29.3% to approximately $231.7 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.71 compared to net income of $179.1 million, or $0.55 per diluted share for the full year 2017. We experienced good growth in all of our service lines for the quarter with residential up 7.8%, commercial pest control rose 5.9% and termite and ancillary rose 8.2%. 2018 was a good year for Rollins as we continue to build our global presence through acquisitions, both domestically and overseas. In the U.K. we expanded our footprint with the acquisition three fine companies, Guardian Pest Control, Ames Group and Kestrel Pest Control. We also achieved an important milestone for the company, when we acquired Aardwolf Pestkare. This is Rollins' first company-owned operation in Singapore. In the U.S. we acquired OPC Pest Control, the premier pest control company in Kentucky and we also made small tuck-in acquisitions and year-end we had added a total of 38 companies to our roster. We also continue to expand the Orkin brand internationally with the addition of franchises in South America, Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and other locations. The Orkin brand is now represented at 57 countries throughout 86 international franchises. As we enter 2019, strategic acquisition remain a focus of our growth strategy. We're extremely pleased to have announced earlier this month, our agreement to acquire Clark Pest Control, headquartered in Lodi, California, Clark has operations in over 20 locations in California and Nevada. Founded by Charlie Clark in 1950, the company has grown to be eighth largest pest control provider in the U.S. Clark recorded revenues of $130 million in 2017. The company is also growing at a faster rate than we are as well as a faster rate than the overall pest control industry. I first visited with the company over 20 years ago when I was fortunate enough to meet Charlie Clark, an icon in our industry. We admired the company throughout all this time. The Clark acquisition will be the largest in our company's history. John will provide more details on this acquisition, but I wanted to express our enthusiasm in acquiring this fine company and personally welcome their team to the Rollins family. I'd now like to turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. As Gary noted, we're very pleased to have Clark Pest Control join our family. The Clark team is a natural fit for Rollins, sharing the same values that we do. More on that later. They service customers through more than 20 branch locations in Northern and Southern California and Nevada. Clark Pest Control is stronger in the upper central valley in Northern California areas than Orkin and our other brands. It was very interesting to learn during our due diligence process how closely linked Clark and our biggest brand, Orkin are in their history. As you may know, Orkin was founded by Otto Orkin in 1901, but didn't expand to the West Coast prior to the Rollins purchase in 1964. Meanwhile Charlie Clark founded Clark Pest Control in California in 1950 and patterned Clark on some of the foundational principles of quality customer service, delivered by well-trained people just as Otto Orkin did. Both companies have certainly retained those principles of quality service, delivered by well-trained team members today. Clark has long been recognized as a premier pest control company in residential, commercial and termite services in the markets it serves. Their strong culture of customer service has been aided by very high employee retention rates and has resulted in a loyal and expanding customer base. We are aware that owners have a choice when they look to sell their business and there are four very important factors that come into play. What is best for their family, their employees and their customers, as well as receiving value for their company. We take each of those into account and customize our acquisition plan to fit those factors. What was apparent in our discussions with Clark from the beginning is how deeply they care about what would happen to their employees and customers following the sale. They, like us, recognize how important their people are to their success and also like us are dedicated to continually improving both the employee and the customer experience. Over time, we have distinguished ourselves with our acquisitions where team management and employees remain all in active work and it is one reason why Rollins has gained the reputation of being the industry's acquirer of choice. Sellers know they can trust us to live up to our word once we have closed on a purchase. We even invite potential parties to reach out to the brands we have acquired as well as the ones we have lost out on to see if they're happy or not. In addition to Clark Pest Control expanding our presence in California and Nevada, we believe the company provides significant opportunities for Rollins and Clark to learn from each other, which we have repeatedly expressed as one of our primary objectives with our acquisition. Potential opportunities we have encountered previously include materials and suppliers purchasing that are vehicle leasing arrangements, training, employee benefit and lower technology and communication expenses to name a few. Rollins will fund the acquisition using a combination of cash and debt. Eddie will go into further financial details related to this acquisition in a few minutes. Clark Pest Control under the leadership of long-term Clark team member, Robert Baker, who will join our Specialty Brands group, led by Jerry Gahlhoff. Brands in this group include HomeTeam, Western, Waltham, Northwest Exterminating and OPC Services. Jerry and I have had the privilege of visiting every Clark operations to meet with their employees and personally welcome them to Rollin. We wanted them to know that they are valued and how much we look forward to working with them to further advance their great brand. I'll now turn the call back over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. Before I get into our quarterly and yearend numbers, I want to reiterate the positive impact of our enhanced employee benefit. Our people are so pleased with the investment that we made in 2018 and looking back this was absolutely the right decision and has been reinforced by the positive result that they have produced for the year. As you may recall in April, we increased our 401(k) match and provided stock grants to our employees, which added about $10 million to our expense for the year, but this recognition of their impact on our business is rippling through our results. A recent leadership meeting in Atlanta was the first that we have had -- first that we held since rolling this announcement out last April. The comments of many of the over 100 participants were overwhelmingly positive and appreciative. I want to share a few of the positive changes that we have seen. All employees want to work for an employer of choice. Our employee retention rate has the best year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter in 2018 since 2016. As you know, during that same time period, the unemployment rate has fallen from 4.7% down to 3.9% in December of 2018. Investing in our people is one of the components that has helped us in this area. We've also often talked about how important our technicians are in their relationship with our customers. Our improved employee retention has translated directly to higher customer retention in Q4 and for all of 2018. Our organic growth rates, again, ticked to historic highs as a result of better technician and customer retention. Enhancing our employee benefits will continue to drive improvements in employee and customer retention for years to come. For the quarter, all of our service lines showed significant growth, and keys to the quarter included record organic growth rates, piloting testing of the BOSS rollout in Canada, and as I just mentioned, improvements in our employee retention rate tied to our enhanced employee benefits. Looking at the numbers, the fourth quarter revenues of $444.6 million was an increase of 7.2% over the prior year's fourth quarter revenue of $414.7 million. Income before income taxes increased 4.3% to $71.5 million from $68.5 million in 2017. Expense and depreciation increased during the quarter as we continued to roll out and began testing BOSS in Canada. Net income rose 51.1% to $51 million, and EPS increased 60% to $0.16 per diluted share compared to $0.10 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2017. EBITDA was $87.8 million, up 5.1% over Q4 of 2017. As we move forward, we will speak more to EBITDA as we continue to make sizable acquisitions that will impact our depreciation and amortization. For the 12 months that ended December 31, we produced record revenues of $1.822 billion, which was an increase of 8.8% over the same time period last year. Income before income taxes increased 5.5% to $310.7 million, and net income rose 29.3% to $231.7 million compared to 2017. EPS increased 29.1% to $0.71 per share compared to $0.55 per share in 2017. EBITDA was $377.3 million in 2018 compared to $350.8 million in 2017, up 7.5%. Our financial health enables us to be -- I'm sorry, enables us to continue to be nimble and improve our business. Companies that did not anticipate change and take advantage of market opportunities and seek ways to make it easier for your customers to do business with you do not drive, and in some cases, do not survive. The past 50 years have shown that Rollins has successfully managed for the long-term, and the impending acquisition of Clark Pest Control is a great example of that. John gave some good color on the Clark's impending purchase based on his time working on this acquisition and spending a lot of time visiting their employees. But let's shift our attention to what we know about the financial impact of the impending acquisition of Clark Pest Control. We anticipate closing sometime in Q1 of 2019, subject to obtaining regulatory clearance. For all of you that have asked would we be willing to leverage our balance sheet, this is your deal. While we plan to use cash for a portion of the purchase, we will be taking on debt in the form of a term loan tied to LIBOR to supplement the rest. This deal makes taking on debt worthwhile for us, and again, is investing in our future for decades to come. The company is very profitable, but with the goodwill amortization, Clark will not add to EPS in year 1 but will be generating significant additional cash flow. Once we close on the deal, we will share more related to the anticipated impact of this acquisition on our total Rollins results moving forward. Let's take a look through the Rollins revenue by service line for the fourth quarter. As discussed earlier, our total revenue increased 7.2% and included 1.6% from several acquisitions, and the remaining 5.6% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 42% of our revenue, was up 7.8%. Commercial pest control, which made up 39% of our revenue, was up 5.9%. And termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 18% of our revenue, was up 8.2%. Both residential and termite benefit from our OPC acquisition. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 5.6%, and from that, residential was up 6.8%, commercial increased 3.2%, and termite improved by 7.5%. Back to my earlier point on employee and customer retention, for the full year, total organic revenue grew 5.3% and is the fastest organic growth rate in over 5 years. When you take a look at the quarter, taking out the impact of foreign companies and currency, in total, we grew 7.1%, residential grew 8%, commercial pest control was up 5%, and termite improved 8.5%. In total, gross margin for the quarter was 50.2%, up slightly from 50% prior year's quarter. The quarter benefited from improved efficiency and routing and scheduling, even as we have last efforts that began 18 months ago. Average miles driven per vehicle in our Orkin fleet were down an additional 2.6% year-over-year. Fleet expenses increased $3 million or 13.6% for the quarter, driven by moderated but still higher price per gallon costs and increased leased vehicle expense. Personnel-related costs were up due to the 401(k) plan company match and onetime employee stock grants. Depreciation and amortization expense for the fourth quarter increased $1.7 million to $16.6 million, an increase of 11.3%. Depreciation increased $790,000 due to acquisitions, equipment purchases and continued BOSS rollout. While amortization of intangible assets increased $900,000 due to amortization of customer contracts included in several acquisitions. Sales, general and administrative expense for the fourth quarter increased $12.1 million or 9.8% to $135.8 million or 30.5% of revenues, up 0.7% from $123.7 million or 29.8% of revenues for the fourth quarter 2017. The increase in the percent of revenue is primarily driven to higher sales salaries of $3.1 million due to higher sales commissions, which is tied to our record organic growth rate; $3 million additional expense in administrative salaries, attributable to amortization of restricted stock grants and expense associated with acquisitions; personnel-related increase of $1.9 million from the enhanced 401(k) benefits. In Q4, we saw an increase in the 401(k) match as more employees benefited from these enhancements. The full year SG&A number increased 9.4% and came in at 30.2% of revenue compared to 30.1% of revenue in 2017. As for our cash position for the period ended December 31, 2018, we spent $76.7 million on acquisitions compared to $130.2 million the same period last year, which included Northwest Exterminating, and as we continued to find good quality pest control companies and continue to buy back Critter Control franchises. We paid $152.7 million on dividends, which included a special dividend for the seventh consecutive year, which was an increase of 25.2%. We have $27.1 million of capital expenditures, which was up 9.7% from 2017, primarily from planned IT upgrades, such as our BOSS Canada rollout and the Northwest acquisition. We ended the period with $115.5 million in cash, of which $53.6 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. Yesterday, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.105 per share that will be paid on March 11, 2019, to stockholders of record at the close of business February 11, 2019. The cash dividend is a 12.5% increase over the prior year. This marks the 17th consecutive year the board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. Gary, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: We're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Dan Dolev from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Dolev: Good morning. So I have two questions. One question and then a follow up. So it looks like organic growth was actually really, really strong and impressive and definitely ahead of what we were modeling. Can you maybe give us a little stand about how the weather impacted it? I know it was a little colder in the first -- at least, in the first two months, it was colder in key areas like Florida. Is the execution getting better? Is this share gains? What is driving this strength in organic growth? Then I have a follow up. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: So Dan, I would point back to my opening comments. We see our employee retention improve. We know there's a direct correlation with the retention of our customers. We saw our customer retention improve and while there was to your point, there were weather issues in pockets of the country I think we saw better retention of our existing customers as well as additional better sales in some different areas, which caused part of our increase in our sales commission. I think those key items really helped us continue to move that in the right direction.
Dan Dolev: Got it. That make sense. And then my follow up is…
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Jamie Clement from Buckingham Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement: Good morning, gentlemen. John, I think it was John, or maybe it was Eddie, but I think you mentioned the Clark historically, has outgrown the industry, and I think he might have even said outgrown you all. Is that a function of the geography, is that they're in California, Nevada, or there's something extra special about their special [sauce] [ph]?
Gary Rollins: They've been there since 1950. I think it's probably fair to say they have been the premiere provider in that greater area for a lot of years, and I think they figured it out from a customer experience and [the boy] [ph] perspective and one of the reasons why they are a great cultural fit for us. But I know John spent a lot of time out there and –John probably has stuff to add to that.
John Wilson: Yeah, Jamie, I would say that comparable to our operations out there, our growth has been fairly similar. That area over the last ten years or so for us, has been then led really well and so our out there has been fairly similar. It’s other areas where the -- maybe the Pest control market a little more mature that our growth lag. But there's no doubt they're a special company with a special group of people that really -- they really care about the family that has led them so well for so many years and that their brand living on and we're intent on helping them do that.
Jamie Clement: Thank you. And Eddie you've -- you want to defer talking intangible amortization and interest expense until the next quarter.
Eddie Northen: I am sorry, Jamie. I didn’t quite understand what you said.
Jamie Clement: Oh I am sorry, Eddie. I was saying you wanted to defer discussing intangible amortization and borrowing cost until the next quarter related to Clark.
Eddie Northen: Yes. We haven't closed on the deal. So this is still a pending deal. So we want to work through those issues and then we'll be ready to talk more about some of the specifics from there.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Tim Mulrooney from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning. So I wanted to talk about operating margins, they contracted I think 60 basis points for the full year. How much of this was the temporary impacts from onboarding more recurring customers something you guys have been talking about, which I know negatively impacts margins near-term and do you expect this dynamic to have the reverse impact on operating margins in 2019?
Eddie Northen: Yes, this is very intuitive question and we talked about that a lot and I believe in our Q2 call and we’ve continued to see sales that have been impressive. Recurring revenue sales that have been impressive in Q3 and in Q4. So I think to your point, there is definitely some cost that is associated and in there and typically what we see is when that's lowered or at some point Tom, when those recurring sales kind of trail off a little bit is when we really see the overall positive impact on the margin side and it’s a good thing for the long term to not see that because the recurring sales continue to be strong and if you remember back to the discussion we had in Q2, we talked about those being almost double-digit numbers. And for some of our products, we still continue to see extremely strong recurrent sales. So that's definitely impacted in that number.
Gary Rollins: If I may add something, I think one of the other drivers behind our progress in this area is our enhanced use of the Internet. I have to give our marketing folks credit that they just continue to work on how to buy better and how to use our presence in the Internet and fortunately those leads question was brought up earlier about Mother Nature. Mother Nature certainly can put a damper on things, but that was more than offset I believe by the efficiency that we gain from the Internet. 
Eddie Northen: Tim does that help with your question.
Tim Mulrooney: Yeah, it does help, Eddie, and thank you Gary. I'm curious, were there any other major factors that you highlighted as what drove that 60 basis point contraction? I guess the employee benefit program, is that the other big one?
Eddie Northen: So the employee benefits program is -- and of course, that's not going to be recurring. We'll lap that. This is the last quarter we'll talk about that. So that's the 401(k) piece as well as the stock piece. We know that on the vehicle side that, well, fuel prices have moderated somewhat compared to previous quarters, they're still up year over year, has been an impact. And then we had other factors outside of that.
Gary Rollins: I think one other thing that is noteworthy is, we've been very aggressive as far as our IT expenditures. The enhancement to BOSS, the pace of the rollout of BOSS and so forth. And of course, that's going to moderate itself. But we've never spent that kind of money that we spent last year.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And I'll hop back in the queue.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Thank you. Just one last thing, Tim, on that point having to do with the benefit is, we did see an acceleration in the fourth quarter as far as people taking advantage of this new enhanced benefit that we've rolled out with more 401(k) dollars. So I think the word continues to spread and people continue to understand this is a great opportunity and that number ticked a little bit higher than what we've seen in the previous quarters.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Chris McGinnis from Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Chris McGinnis: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you just -- Eddie, I think there was -- you may be have commented on just even more acquisitions to come on the year. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about the landscape now, obviously, a very strong year in '18? And just what you see ahead for the opportunities in '19, obviously, outside of Clark?
Eddie Northen: Yes, so Chris, I think if you look back over the last 3 years, you'll see the dollars and/or the numbers continuing to increase. I think a little bit of that is going to be attributable to our team here, just continue to develop the relationships and being ready to go when companies are ready to go. Good quality companies are coming to the table, which, of course, we want to be a part of. We continue to expand our look into different geographies to find the right fit. As you know, Singapore this year, in 2016, the U.K. we entered, and we added some more into the U.K. this year. But I think a lot of it also has to do with the actual industry itself. It's an industry that started after World War II. Some of the original owners are having to make life decisions on what they want to do with their company. And John talked a little bit about that on how different companies make those different decisions. So I would say, we're still probably 2 to 3 -- in the next few years, I would say, we'd still be in that type of a cycle, having to deal with different companies making different decisions on what they want to do. Whether it is to hand it off and keep it within their family or whether it is to do something different and be able to pass it along. But I think there's going to continue to be opportunity. With this pending acquisition for us, it'll be our largest in our history. So it's hard to sit here and say today how active we will be. But when the right opportunity presents itself, we're still absolutely going to be at the table. But we're going to have a lot of good work to do, having to do with this, depending on what we have.
Chris McGinnis: Great. Thanks.
Gary Rollins: And Chris, if I may add, reputation is big with this. And how you deal with and how you treat these companies as you bring them in. And we worked really hard on that aspect. I like to tell our team, you get two things in this deal, employees and customers, and neither has to stay. And so we work really hard on making sure we keep both.
Eddie Northen: And Chris, we're making sure -- yes, so just one more thing. I mean, that really is a great point and just one more thing to add in Gary's comments at the beginning. He sat down with Charlie Clark 20 years ago, and there's not a lot of other people that are out there that are sitting down with these owners and have the history that Gary has and that our Chairman have with these folks. And so when it comes time for them to make a decision, guess who got a phone call? When you have a long-term relationship, that's part of what's going to be the decision point there. So I think as long as we continue to see that and we have folks that have decisions to make, that'll be to our benefit.
Chris McGinnis: Yes, I guess, just one follow-up on that. I guess, out of all the acquisitions last year, were they all privately negotiated? Or was there may be a percentage that were maybe auction based.
Gary Rollins: I don't know any of on the top of my head that were...
John Wilson: On auction based, there were certainly some offered up as -- by brokers, if that's what you're referring to. I don't know the percentage off the top of my head, but certainly -- and a lot of the bigger ones are typically brought to us by brokers. But there's quite a few too that we're bringing to the table through our relationships in the industry.
Chris McGinnis: Thanks again for the additional color.
John Wilson: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much. I'd like to talk about costs, both the OpEx as well as SG&A and how to think about what your trend should look like in '19 in comparison to '18? Would we expect to be proportional to sales -- percent of sales similar numbers or is there a little uptick? Because you've mentioned 401(k) sort of accelerated absorption by the employee base, I'm assuming that hasn't peaked. How to think that through the model, ex any influences from deals Thanks.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Thanks for that question. A majority of the employee benefits related expense is going to be behind us as far as the year-over-year look is concerned. We did have -- to your point, we did have a little bit of an uptick in Q4. More folks are continuing to be able to take advantage of that. But if you take a look at the total, total numbers, there won't be anywhere near the significance of the impact from a year-over-year perspective. The sales, our commission piece, we just don't know what's going on with that. As long as we continue to find ways to be able to grow, and we continue to hit these new highs as far as our organic growth rates are concerned and our sales folks are executing, we may continue to see dollars that are in that area. On the fleet side, we're all seeing the price of fuel that continues to kind of stabilize now and when we start lapping a year-over-year, there should be less of a headwind or maybe even possibly a benefit with that. So I would say that a lot of the items that we have are onetime items on the expense side from the employee benefits. But then we also have other things that, I think, intuitively we will all see that are kind of moving in the right direction. So I would say, we would be moving in a positive direction with that as far as that particular question is concerned.
Michael Hoffman: So just so I'm clear, you would expect some operating leverage?
Eddie Northen: Yes.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] We will now take our next question from Dan Dolev from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev: Hey, thanks for having me jump back on. I got cut off before. So my follow-up was this. Look, I look at the stock today, it's down 6%. I think this is a little bit of an unforced error. It has to do more with expectations and not -- in my view, not having guidance. Does a day like this make you want to think maybe it is time to start offering guidance? I strongly believe it could avoid such things because the organic growth was so strong, and I feel like people are missing in. Any views on that.
Eddie Northen: Yes, so I guess, my view and, of course, it's the person sitting at the end of the table here ultimately gets to make that decision. But my view on that would be, I would think that you as well as the others on the call and our investors would much rather me and John and Gary and others be spending their time on running the business and making decisions on how we're going to make this better as we have for the last lots of years as opposed to answering questions on somebody's guidance or filling in a blank or reconciling something or something else like that, letting us have the autonomy to continue to execute. I think when take a look at the items that drove the "disappointment" that might be out there, based on what you said, having to do with the stock price. And we go through and we kind of parse through that. We look at an investment in our employees, the 401(k) benefits, we look at IT spend, rolling out enhancements in Canada where we've already seen improvements in the U.S. when we did that. Our largest acquisition and the costs that are related to that largest acquisition that's impending in our company's history and the costs that are related to that. And I think if you look at all those different pieces, and to your point, if you kind of break down into that and look and see what's onetime versus what's recurring, I think you'll see that we're running the business at a very good level. And rather than taking the time to go through and reconcile all of that, I would think that you all would want us to continue to make those decisions to make the company better. I can easily be overruled by the person at the end of the table here.
Gary Rollins: That's not likely.
Dan Dolev: Yes. No, I totally agree with you. I mean, it's a great quarter and the organic growth looks fantastic. And I'm surprised that -- of the stock reaction.
Eddie Northen: We'll see how the rest of the day goes. How about that?
Dan Dolev: I'll be watching. Thanks, guys.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Dan.
Dan Dolev: Thanks. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: So my next one is about retention. Can you talk about the rate of change in the retention? I get you don't like to talk about the absolute number, but how does that rate of change look in 4Q and relative trend through the year?
Eddie Northen: So I'll start with employee retention. Our employee retention had the best improvement we've seen since 2016, and we believe that a large contributing part of that is the enhanced employee benefits. I don't want to take anything at all away from how John and his group are managing the overall operations. Our employee opinion scores continue to go in the right direction. Gary talks a lot about the enhancements in our technology and how that makes our job almost easier for our technicians. It just makes it more straightforward. It takes a lot of the stress out of it when we have a very clear day for them to be able to go through and manage, and we start taking away issues and problems that the customer might have through better communication and things like that. So I think all of those things are making the employee retention number. But again, we feel as though the enhanced benefits are a key part of that. And then that's directly tied to improvements in the customer attention, and that's been a clear focus of John and his operations group over the last 2 years. But I can tell you unequivocally that we've seen the best improvements in Q4 and really kind of trending the right way throughout the year as far as the customer retention is concerned.
Gary Rollins: You might mention podium?
Eddie Northen: Yes, yes, sure, that's fine. So we've really done a better job reacting -- that's what Gary's bringing up here. We've done a better job reacting to our customers that have issues or concerns that give us that information online. Historically, we did not do a very good job communicating back with customers as far as issues and concerns, and we've done a better job with that. And we've seen the scores that have improved because of that. So we had scores that, in some areas, were not acceptable because we weren't necessarily communicating with our customers that have problems or issues. And those numbers now -- the average rating is up to about 4.7 out of 5. So in a lot of markets, we're seeing enhancements and improvements just simply in the communication, and of course, the great execution of John and his team are having from an operations' perspective. So lots of different moving parts that are all trending in the right direction, and we feel extremely good about this continuing to move as we move into 2019.
Michael Hoffman: May I ask one subtle interpretation of that? Is there a difference between residential and commercial in this conversation?
Eddie Northen: There is not a substantial difference between those two. There really is not. I would say that our technology enhancements, if you take a look at the customer communication piece on the residential side, has been enhanced and has been a very positive thing. But I think on the commercial side when we take a look at what we've offered as far as data and information to our commercial customers, that has been a significant technology improvement as well. And I think we've seen good improvements on both sides of the coin there.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions over the telephone at this time.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you so much for being here or being on the call. We appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to reporting our first-quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilyn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman & CEO John Wilson - President & COO Eddie Northen - SVP, CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Hoffman - Stifel Jamie Clement - Buckingham Research Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company Sean Kennedy - Nomura Tim Mulrooney - William Blair Paul Fanelli - Gabelli Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins Inc. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would like to now introduce your host for today's call, Marilyn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you, Stephanie. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the pass code 2143746. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and the replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins' President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, Marilyn. Thank you and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Eddie will read our forward looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for more information, and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well, we're very pleased to report our 50th consecutive quarter of improved revenue in earnings. Revenues for the quarter grew 8.3% to $487.8 million, compared to $450.4 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 29.6% to $52.9 million, or $0.31 per diluted share compared to $51.4 million or $0.24 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the first nine months rose 9.3% to $1.376 billion, compared to $1.259 billion for the same period last year. Net income increased 24.3% to approximately $180.7 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.83 compared to $105.4 million or $0.67 per diluted share for the same period last year. We expect good growth in all of our business lines in the quarter with the residential up 9.2%, commercial pest control rose 5.7% and termite and ancillary grew 11%. Eddie will provide greater detail on our financial results in a few moments. On August 10, we are privileged to celebrate a historic milestone for Rollins, the 50th anniversary of our company's trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The anniversary was significant in both a business and personal level. To celebrate the occasion, our Chairman, Randall Rollins and Lead Director Henry Tippie rang the closing bell and in doing so made history at the Exchange. They hold the distinction of being the only two directors present for our company's initial listing in its 50th anniversary on the New York Stock Exchange. We're fortunate to have their contribution and leadership for that period as well. As many of you know, we've also hosted an Analyst Day as well as an exhibit in experienced square [ph] in front of the Stock Exchange. This exhibit showcased historical items from our Rollins Heritage Center such as our World War II era horse-drawn wagon and a bicycle that Orkin technicians used to provide service when gasoline was rationed. We also displayed our current trucks from the various brands like Western, Waltham, Critter Control, HomeTeam, Northwest and Orkin that are used today. In addition, we unveiled some of our new field technology that we're rolling out and provided more detail on this suite [ph] at commercial iPad application. We're proud of our heritage and the achievements that we've made over the past 50 years. Since acquiring Orkin in the 1964, we have grown from a few U.S. operations to a premier global consumer commercial services company with more than 700 operations in 57 countries. In the early 90s, recognizing how good Orkin in the pest control industry were, Rollins narrowed its focus on pest control and sold all of our non-pest control businesses. We then began to open new Orkin branches, created Orkin franchises both domestic and international and initiated an acquisitions strategy, all of which remains the same today. Our goal was also to purchase other leading pest control companies which at the time started with the acquiring of PCO services, which is now Orkin Canada and Canada's largest pest control company. This purchase would be followed by Western, Waltham and at 2008, HomeTeam Pest Defense which at the time was the fourth largest pest control company in the United States. These were followed by many others, all of which we were able to grow and improve. Other acquired international companies followed in Australia, the United Kingdom and recently Singapore. During this time, we also realized that there were segments of the pest control industry in the U.S. that would complement our growth strategy. We added to our portfolio Industrial Fumigation, the largest commercial pest control fumigation company in the United States, Trutech and later acquiring the master franchise or the best-known U.S. wildlife brand, Critter Control. By the way, today, we're the country's largest wildlife control company. Our acquisitions strategies has continued most recently with the purchase of Northwest Exterminating and Kentucky's [ph] OPC Pest Control company. None of these successes would have been possible without our people who have been the central part of Rollins' past and present accomplishments. I never grow tired of saying and recognizing that our employees are our company's most precious asset. Our team's dedication and experience shaped not only who we are today, but will direct what we will do in the future. We have a tremendous opportunity to improve all of our existing businesses while at the same time expanding our global footprint through new locations and acquisitions. Let me now turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. As you all know in September, two, where the large hurricanes hit the U.S. mainland, Hurricane Florence in the middle of the month, came ashore near Right [ph] Beach North Carolina. The storm stalled and the most of the damage there was done by flooding. Hurricane Michael was a larger category 4 storm that destroyed Mexico beach and parts of Panama City Beach Florida. I am happy to report that all of our team members were accounted for and our office facilities came through mostly okay. Hurricane Michael was the most impactful as it relates to our team. I know of four families that have lost everything and at least six others with significant loss due to the storm. I spoke with our Orkin region manager for that area on Thursday. He was on-site and working to help both our team and our customers get back on their feet. Of course, we have also engaged our Rollins Employee Relief Fund team in support of these folks and others. You may recall on our second quarter conference call, I discussed the tight labor market and how competition for employees was impacting us. At that time, our brands were handling it fairly well. Since then with the unemployment rate having declined to 3.7% in September, we're experiencing some hiring pressures. We still maintain high retention rates for our industry, but it has become even more important for our people to recruit for new talent consistently in order to maintain a viable pipeline of new team member candidates. As Gary just mentioned, we regard our employees as our most important asset and we continue to assess and act upon what is working; what we need to do to adjust in any additional steps we can take to ensure we will remain the employer of choice. A good step directed toward retaining our employees was the decision to share a portion of the U.S. tax savings in the form of stock grants and in improved 401(k) match for our U.S.-based employees. To further support our hiring efforts, we have beefed up our recruiting initiatives and we will be rolling out our first ever human resource or HRIF system in 2019. Our president of specialty brands and human resources Jerry Gahlhoff is the executive sponsor and leads this initiative. This will enable us to better track training, performance and career development for all employees around the globe in one seamless location. All the groups that will benefit greatly from this will be our current and future leaders as people development is an important part of this effort. Our focus on hiring veterans and females continues to provide significant opportunity to add talent. Our industry has not historically attracted many females and we can't afford to ignore nearly half the population on considering this talent source. Plus, we know they make excellent employees. As we continue to grow, add new branches and split existing ones in all our brands, as well as make acquisitions, our efforts with talent acquisition and management development enables us to continue to prepare for that growth. We know talented people have choices and we want the Rollins brands to be a leading contender for that talent. As is reflected in our third quarter results, we are continuing to experience good organic growth across our business service lines including growth in our termite and ancillary services. More of the areas of emphasis in 2018 has been the growth of our mosquito service. While on a relatively low case, we have grown the service line over 30% on Q3 and year-to-date. This service line expansion has been largely driven by increased concern and raised public awareness around disease-borne issues, related to mosquitoes including Zika [indiscernible]. And other diseases are major contributor to this growth as customers come to us seeking answers to this threat. We believe the growth rate of our mosquito business can and will continue strongly for many years to come. We have the largest residential based customers in the industry and this is a straightforward cross-sell offered for many of our customers from someone they already trust. In fact, this is the service our customers get their highest customer satisfaction rate. From an efficiency standpoint, it is also helpful when we can have the same technician that performs the pest control service also do the mosquito service at the same time.  We recognize that customers must have a way to know all of the pest and wildlife services that we offer and our marketing group does a great job of getting that message to those customers. As you are aware, there are a wide variety of ways consumers use to make their decision. Our digital marketing team and their efforts continue to differentiate us from our competition. Probably and maybe most importantly from a connectivity standpoint, it is providing to our customers platform that works best for them. Only a few short years ago, mobile made up less than 25% of our consumer connection and now that number is over 70%. Our priority is to design mobile first in anything that we do. More recently, we have done a better job of proactively supporting our customers' needs and concerns through our online reputation management effort. Customers today want to communicate issues and share compliments more readily so we have responded in a variety of ways, mostly through the various online forums, resolving those customer issues and in many cases, turning a potentially damaging situation into a positive because of how quickly and efficiently things are handled. Well before social media, we refer to those events as a golden opportunity to satisfy and strengthen the customer relationship. As you all know in business, things change rapidly and that change moves us forward, advancing our technology effort helps with that as getting our service rep to the right place at the right time is critical to improving the satisfaction of our customers. Technology is the platform for our customers to find us, but it is also key to the success of our employees' support and the resulting customer experience. I will now turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. We are fortunate to be in an industry that is minimally impacted by trade talks or tariff, but also now strongly tied the interest rates or fluctuating oil prices. While we do have our own challenges such as continued talent acquisition development as John mentioned and evolving our offerings for a changing consumer base via technology enhancements, we do tackle these requirements on a daily basis. I mentioned this as we had multiple opportunities to celebrate, both the past and the present of Rollins during the quarter. In addition to the celebration that Gary mentioned of our 50th anniversary on the New York Stock Exchange, we also have the opportunity to celebrate one year with Northwest Exterminating which I will talk about in more detail and the acquisition of Aardwolf Pestkare in the country of Singapore. These celebration show the historic development of our company as the leader in the Pest Control industry and our ability to find and acquire topnotch U.S. and international companies continues. For the quarter, all of our service line showed significant growth and keys to the quarter included entry into Singapore with the acquisition of Aardwolf Pestkare as I have just mentioned, profit gains drove increased recurring revenue from previous quarters and cost increases from fleet expense increased which was impacted by least cost and an increase in fuel price per gallon. Looking at the numbers, the third quarter revenues are $487.7 million was an increase of 8.3% over the prior year's third quarter revenue of $450.4 million. 2017 Q3 included two months of Northwest revenue. Income before income taxes increased 8.9% to $89.9 million from $82.6 million in 2017. We are beginning to reap the benefits as anticipated from the historically high recurring revenue growth that we saw in Q2. Net income rose 29.6%, $66.6 million and earnings per share increased 29.2% to $0.31 per diluted share compared to $0.24 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2017. As we have discussed over the past few quarters, there were two unusual items that affected the profit numbers compared to historic prior quarters, as they will for the remainder of 2018. The first was the enhanced employee benefits which impact the third quarter EPS by a penny. As a reminder and as John just mentioned, we approved our 401(k) match and provided one-time stock ramp to many of our U.S. based employee. These enhancements continue to be received very positively by our employees. Additionally, the significant number of recent acquisitions increased our amortization of intangible assets for the quarter by 17.8%. Over the past five years, our average increase of amortization of intangible assets year-over-year has been 9.5%. Compared to last year, this significant increase also impacted the earnings per share by just over half a penny. And like our benefits enhancements, we believe is a tremendous investment for our future. Moving forward, we will begin reporting EBITDA wince that will be a more meaningful measurement at this time. For Q3, EBITDA was $106.7 million, up 10.2% over 2017. One of the key acquisitions that have caused the increase in amortization of intangible is Northwest Exterminating. On August 1 of this year, we celebrated our one year anniversary with Northwest and it has been a great year. Financially, Northwest continues to grow revenue at levels significantly better than our overall Rollins average. Their unique advertising which features the Pesky Mouse hat many of you were able to meet at our recent Analyst Day combined with their incredible service execution enables them to continue to gain market share. One of the great byproducts of acquiring good quality companies is the fact that we learn from them, and we are also able to share things that we learn from other Rollins' companies in the past. An example of this is Northwest has grown their business with their Green Elite program. This industry leading service offering combines green solutions for pest, mosquito and termite for those customers that prefer these types of treatment. These unique offerings have been shared with our other specialty brands to consider based on their geography and needs. One of the benefits that Northwest has obtained up during the past year has been access to our talented IT group. Recent negotiations have enabled our Rollins' IT group to upgrade Northwest CRM and receive a healthy cost savings. This is one area of margin improvement that helps Northwest and all of us. When addressing our Company's geographic footprint, we have found opportunities to combine our Northwest business with other of our Company's brand to streamline the customer offerings and become more efficient. We will continue to see these types of opportunities, as our company's continue to grow. Let's take a look through o the revenue by service line for the third quarter. As discussed earlier, our total revenue increase of 8.3% and included 3.2% from several acquisitions and the remaining 5.1% was from pricing and organic growth. In total residential pest control, which made up 42% of our revenue, was up 9.2%. Commercial pest control, which made up 38% of our revenue, was up 5.7% and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 20% of our revenue, was up 11%. Both residential and the termite segment benefited from Northwest and OPC acquisitions. Again total revenue less acquisitions was up 5.1% from that residential was up 6.7%, commercial increased 2.5% and termite improved by 6.5%. The residential growth rate is the fastest since Q1, 2017 and was positively impacted by the mosquito growth that John mentioned. In total gross margin for the quarter was 51.6%, up from 51.4% prior year's quarter. The quarter benefited from improved efficiency and routing and scheduling technology, as stocks per mile improved by over 5% in September even as we have lapped over routing and scheduling efforts from a year ago. This helped alleviate the increased fleet expenses that we saw for the quarter. Fleet expenses increased $1.8 million or 10.7% for the quarter driven by higher price per gallon cost and increased leased fleet vehicle expense. Personnel-related costs were up due to the 401(k) plan match and the stock grants that we announced earlier. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the third quarter increased $2.6 million to $16.9 million, an increase of 17.8%. Depreciation increased $900,000 due to acquisitions and equipment purchases, while amortization of intangible assets increased $1.7 million due to amortization of customer contracts included in several acquisitions. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter increased $10.1 million or 7.5% to $145.1 million or 29.7% of revenues down three-tenth of a percentage point from $134.9 million or 30% of revenues for the third quarter of 2017. A decrease in the percent of revenues is due to lower administrative salaries and sales salaries, which increased slower than revenue, as well as lower advertising, as a percent of revenue and reduced professional expenses, as we wrap up various projects. As for our cash position for the period ending September 30th, 2018, we spent $77.7 million on acquisitions compared to $127.9 million the same period last year, as we continue to find good quality pest control companies and continue to buy back Critter Control franchises. We also had $91.7 million on dividends, an increase of 22%. We have a $19.6 million of CapEx, which was up 14.1% from 2017 primarily from planned IT investments such as our BOSS Canada roll-out and the Northwest acquisition. We ended the period with $118.7 million in cash, of which $53.6 million is held by our foreign subsidiary. Last night the Board of Directors approved three-for-two stock split of the Company's common shares. The split will be affected by issuing one additional share of common stock for every two shares of common stock held. The additional shares will be distributed on December 10th, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 9th, 2018. Fractional share amounts resulting from the split will be paid to shareholders in cash. In addition, the Board declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share, plus a special year-end dividend of $0.14 per share both payable December 10th, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business November 9th, 2018. Dividends will be paid on pre-split shares. Before I turn the call back over to Gary, I would like to thank those of you that made the time to join us for our 50th New York Stock Exchange event. We truly enjoyed spending time with you and hope that you found value and the time spent with our team. Gary, I'll turn the call back to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well, we're happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, thank you all for taking the questions. When we think about the organic growth and you shared a little bit of this with us in prior quarters, how we should think about margin pressure from -- you add new customers, they are not profitable initially, then they get incrementally increasingly more profitable. So can you frame your organic growth, how much was new customer versus outright price? And also talk about where we are in renewals or retention because those were the two sort of points since leverage into the margins going forward?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Michael thanks for the question. So we don't break out the specifics of a price and the new customer by quarter. We'll kind of talk about that at a high level. I will tell you that retention, we had a really good retention quarter. John and team continue to make improvements in the area of reducing cancel customers. The service levels continue to be improved, and I think that as well as the communication we have through our technology is helping to make that overall customer experience better. So retention definitely a positive for us. We continue to add new customers and our pricing has probably stayed relatively intact with what we've seen in previous quarters somewhere between that 1% and 2% range.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And when you frame retention good, is it -- did it get better in Q3 versus a year ago or Q2, I mean so.
Eddie Northen: It did get better and we've seen -- we've seen incremental improvements in our retention over the last probably eight quarters now, but Q3 was even little bit of a better positive step there for us.
Michael Hoffman: Both year-over-year and Q-on-Q, so it's sequential improvement as well as year-over-year?
Eddie Northen: Correct.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then ASC 842 given that you lease lots of equipment. How do you think about what that means to the business model from us modeling in 2019? What are the things that you should be telling us to think about today?
Eddie Northen: We don't have any numbers at this point in time to share with everyone. We have leases, vehicles, we have leases, facilities, and we also have some other outline leases such as things like uniforms and different things like that. So we're still working through that process. We'll be prepared, as we're moving forward in future calls. At this time, we don't anticipate there being anything materially different, but as we have more information we'll share that with you.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then one last question on some of the organic growth...
Eddie Northen: Sorry. Mike let's someone else take out -- take your question if you could. We will get you back into the queue.
Michael Hoffman: Okay.
Eddie Northen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Clement with Buckingham Research.
Jamie Clement: Good morning, gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
John Wilson: Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Jamie Clement: Thank you. We're having some technical difficulties on a prior call earlier. Gary, it seems to me, I mean just reading some industry stuff, it seems like the pace of merger activity among even smaller players in the industry, just local players seems to me to have accelerated. Does that have any ramifications on your acquisition strategy going forward? And what do you think might be explaining some of that? I mean, if some of it just demographically people just getting ready to retire, I think they doesn't have those second tier or third generation to take over the business. What's going on there?
Gary Rollins: Well, I think the last case is certainly there that you have aging owners and -- and some cases with no areas [ph] that's really particularly interested in the business, I think that's one of the motivation. There's a lot of interest in activity in the acquisition area. There is -- some of the international companies are realizing what a good market that North American is and that's probably accelerated some of our efforts in energy. But the great thing is the last couple of deals that we made we were the only suitable cost with the reputation that we have in absorbing these new companies versus the other guys. And in fact one of the things that we do is give them the phone numbers and saying call these other acquired companies and see if they're happy or not. So we're just stepped on the gas a little bit and we're particular though, I mean we don't want just anything we -- it's foolish to buy a very low price company when one of the things that drives our success is the fact that we charge good rates for the business that we do. So we have to find the right individual, the right company and we're working hard at it.
Jamie Clement: Okay. Thanks very much for the color. John, I think you were the one making the comments around unemployment rate being low and recruiting and all that kind of stuff. I think you mentioned your retention rate among technicians is still very high. How has your message in recruiting changed over the years? How do you convince a millennial that the pest control industry is the right one for them?
John Wilson: James, that's a great question. We're always working on that. I don't know how you would answer that as far as millennials go. That is the largest group that we hire today.
Jamie Clement: Right.
John Wilson: So we're still continuing to or we are continuing to attract a good many of them. So our retention is slightly up, it's a low pressure. We just have to turn over a lot of law rocks and keep looking harder and harder.
Jamie Clement: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you, all, for your time as always.
John Wilson: Thank you, Jamie.
Gary Rollins: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris McGinnis with Sidoti & Company.
Chris McGinnis: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Nice quarter. Can you maybe just talk a little bit more about the growth in mosquito, maybe how penetrated that is throughout the network itself and it sound like you feel pretty confident going forward with the strength of growth maybe just a little bit more around that why -- why is that rate or at a pretty high rate?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Chris, thanks. This is Eddie. So we've offered the mosquito products for several years, but it is not been one that we really had put a lot of time and effort into from a coordinated basis on the marketing and the operation side. And so those that were kind of -- kind of on the forefront, we're out there trying to -- trying to work and win the mosquito business.But now that we have marketing that has really put a good push on the operators are on the same page, 2018 we saw a really good first step forward. We saw it in several of our brands, Orkin, Northwest HomeTeam, as well as other brands that were out there that had good growth. And I think that we'll continue to see that, as we've seen this momentum start in 2018. I think we'll continue to see this, as we move forward in time. John I don't know, if there is anything else you want to add as far as that concern.
John Wilson: I do. Our technicians have always -- we've always relied on them offering that service for our customers, as opposed to advertising Eddie touched on that. And so penetration has been not that great in many markets, but probably Northeast is where we started with our first and so that's probably the greatest as well as the Southeast. So those were the -- those were the two areas to answer your question about what's our market penetration. We just have a ton of opportunity both still in those two markets, as well as elsewhere.
Gary Rollins: I think the health risk has also created greater demand. I think you read about these articles almost every other week that there's been more mosquito-related health problems. We don't really see that even the CDC has not given us any attention or assurance that's going to change. I think it will -- we think it will just continue to pick up, plus the customers are highly satisfied with this service. I mean, we're really giving them their backyard back if they can barbecue and enjoy a better lifestyle when the mosquitoes are not keeping them in the house.
Chris McGinnis: Great. Appreciate that color. And then one other question, just on the organic growth rate and the new customer wins. Do you have any color in terms of were they -- were the customer beforehand or they did not have a solution prior to you coming in. Can you say -- give a little color on that -- offhand? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Chris, so this is Eddie. So we'll have some about. We'll have share of wallet and piece of that can be exactly what we're -- were' just talking about what the mosquito. So they are an existing pest control customer of ours. We cross sell them the mosquito and so we pick up new revenue at that point in time. But we also are incrementally taken some market share. I talked about this specifically in Northwest and the games that they're seeing in the markets that they're in. But we are seeing that with some of our other companies as well. So both -- I think it's really both that are -- that are going out for us.
Chris McGinnis: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Good luck in Q4.
Eddie Northen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean Kennedy with Nomura.
Sean Kennedy: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Sean Kennedy: I have two quick questions. The first, could you comment on the deceleration in commercial. Does that have anything to do with the hurricanes or just in general?
Eddie Northen: I don't think we know if it's impacted by the hurricanes, but the second hurricane would have probably the more impacted in the current quarter. The Q3 that we had this year we're comping the biggest growth that we had in 2017 beginning of the quarters. [Indiscernible] had a little bit of it. And then we're also going to always have a little bit of lumpiness kind of in between the quarters as well. When you look at the full year, it's absolutely in line with what we've seen over the previous probably three years now.
Sean Kennedy: Okay. Great. And then, I was also wondering if you could comment on the recent revenue trends for HomeTeam especially if you've seen any near term deceleration due to a recent slowing in housing economic data? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: We have not seen any slowing at all with HomeTeam. They have over a million customers that we put the -- or they put the Taexx system in. So even if housing does slow, which of course we know it will at some point in time, they have a database to be able to go and win new customers even without new homes being built. So they're constantly working on that. They also have a very robust mosquito business. And then also in the termite business that we talked about before the pre-treating for the termites as well as the recurring of termite service. So the Taexx is what they're known for and there are big things that they do, but they also have other revenues that they've been successful with.
Sean Kennedy: Great. Thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning, everybody.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: Can you give us a quick update on your tech initiatives, where you are at in terms of deployment of VRM Orkin 2.0 and maybe the BOSS system in Orkin Canada?
Gary Rollins: So I just think, I'll start with the last one first the BOSS system in Orkin Canada. They're on track for us to be able to see something early 2019. So we've gone through -- we're going through the development, going through the adjustments that need to be made for currency, for frequency of services, for some different service lines. But we feel like we'll be able to see something rolled out pretty well early 2019, which means we should be able to see some type of benefits toward the end of 2019 for Canada. As far as the other initiatives are concerned, we continue to test and roll out the new visibility that we're going to have for our customers that we talked about when you were at the Stock Exchange Analyst Day. We're -- we're continuing to get good feedback from customers with that that are feeling better about the communication that we're giving them and kind of giving them a better overall customer experience. The virtual route management, I talked a little bit about the improvements that we saw in September having to do with -- with our miles and that's even after lapping this over another year. So over 5% gain in September alone on top of what we've seen in previous -- in the previous year. So all the initiatives continue to move forward well. The IT team is staying on top of the request from the operations side to make sure that we are using BOSS most efficiently and most effectively. And I think on average, the IT group gets and implements 100 small upgrades on a monthly basis. So they're constantly just fine tuning and tweaking it, just to make it a little bit better and a little bit easier to use and little bit more customer-friendly for us. So continued positive momentum in those areas.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Thank you. Moving on -- maybe one more. Eddie a lot of services-related industries are highlighting higher labor costs and lower labor availability as key issues to consider particularly when forecasting margins. So maybe can you just remind us, what your total labor costs are, as a percentage of sales? And maybe what has been the increase in labor cost this year or maybe how much -- can you quantify how much its pressured gross margins in the quarter, just any -- any other detail?
Eddie Northen: I'll say it's not enough for us to highlight that as a headwind.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay.
Eddie Northen: It has kind of stayed intact based on our revenue growth overall. And as you know a lot of our operations are working kind of on a productivity basis. So it makes more sense for them to use this technology that we had in place for them to be more efficient to drive less and to be able to work more and they're getting a little bit of a benefit, where they're getting the benefit of that from -- from the pay perspective, when they get an opportunity to do more jobs. So we're really not seeing that as an headwind at this point, but we'll continue to manage that. The thing that we got to make sure that we're staying ahead of is, is retaining the employees best we can because of course, there are -- there are costs that are related to hiring, to finding and hiring new employees. But again it's not something that we wouldn't be even listed out as the top three or four item on any of our cost-related areas.
Gary Rollins: One of the reasons that we increased our benefits, people hold benefits certainly equal, if not higher than compensation or their -- their pay -- take home pay. So we made a pretty big move as far as improving the 401(k) and scholarships and stock to the -- our North American employees, which we think will make a big difference both in recruiting and retaining our employees. The other thing that we are proud of is how well the stocks done. We have about 85% and 90% of our employees were in the 401(k) plan. So when the stock goes up, you know, their assets go up and their retirement benefits go up. So we think we've got a lot of things working for us that -- that some of the others really don't. It was amazing how a few people really took the tax money and spend it, invested with their employees.
Tim Mulrooney: Right. Good point, Gary. Thank you for that color and thank you, Eddie. I'll hop back in the queue.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Fanelli with Gabelli Research.
Paul Fanelli: Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Paul Fanelli: Thanks for taking our questions. On the second quarter call, you've called out some higher startup cost associated with the growth in recurring revenue. Has that trend continued in Q3 or those sort of recurring revenues started to mature at all?
Eddie Northen: We did see, if you take a look at the income before taxes and the income after, you'll see we had a little bit of an acceleration compared to Q2 and the year-to-date number. So we are seeing some of the benefits from the historically high Q2 recurring revenue growth that we saw, but we did see our recurring revenue growth in Q3 grow at a higher-than-average rate. So we're continuing to see positive in that area not -- again not to the same degree we saw in Q2. So we saw little bit of benefits that are -- that are of the majority of that that have started and our -- our anticipation would be, we'll continue to see that as we move into Q4, and as we move into next year.
Paul Fanelli: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up. You discussed sort of the continued trends with the BOSS system and VRM being able to offset some fuel cost at least 5% improvement in the mileage. Can you give any color around, how much increase in leasing cost and fuel cost that you've been able to offset?
Eddie Northen: So we haven't broken that out. It did not offset a 100% of it. Our price per gallon was up $0.56 year-over-year, which is a significant increase. So we did not offset said that. But it offset more than half of it, I will say that.
Paul Fanelli: Okay, that's hepful. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: I would like to follow-up on one of the questions that was asked earlier on this margin, your investing margin and growth, but remember we saw that compression in the first half, we're starting to see some margin expansion in the second half. How do you frame how we should see the end of the year? Do we end up flat with a slightly positive bias in EBITDA or does this accelerate, I'm trying just to understand where we gain some of this operating leverage, as you benefit from some of the growth?
Eddie Northen: Michael, I think flat to slightly positive is what we'll see, as we finish out the year. And then I think as we go into 2019, we'll see a little bit more acceleration from that. The time that we see the benefits from this recurring revenue is after the third and fourth service. So based on the service frequency that the customer has will depend on when we will see the benefits from that. So again historically high growth rates in Q2, if you look at in every other months, where customer, you can do the math as far as when we would really see the benefits. And then again in Q3 like I just mentioned, we saw above average recurring revenue growth, which we'll see positive improvements from as we move forward as well, so.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then tying that margin story to your 401(k) investment the intention was to do it in 2018 at that level and then it stays at that level in 2019. So I should see, I get a benefit of that into 2019 all else being equal?
John Wilson: Yes, that' correct. The stock option as well. The stock options were a one-time event, but incrementally, you're right. We will have already lapped that on the 401(k).
Michael Hoffman: Right. Did we calculate it correct, ti's about 60 basis points of pressure on margins? What was the benefit of that?
Eddie Northen: I think it was a little bit more than that. I don't have that number on top of my head. We can take a look and see what that is.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And one last one, thank you for your patience. Where are you able to use technology in the things like bait traps, things like that where you helped us labor [ph] leverage thing particularly in commercial or sort of having to look at all 25 bait traps, you only have to look at something went in and chewed on the bait. And that where are we in progress in bringing technology to help drive labor utilization [indiscernible] much hiring issues as well as those people.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Michael, we'll take this as the last call for you or the -- I'm sorry, the last question for you. We continue to look at the opportunities from a technology perspective. We continue to look at all the different opportunities that are out there. We've tested, I believe probably every single opportunity that's out there, we want to make sure that we are understanding what the best opportunities that are. This is still a human business at the same time. Making sure that we have the right connection with our customers is an extremely important part. So we're going to continue to make sure that we understand what technology benefits exist and where that would make sense, we'll go through and we'll put those in place. We really only had the most opportunity, where we have the BOSS operating system and we don't have that in all places as well. But we'll be positioned when and if there is indeed from a market perspective to be able to put that in place.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Clement with Buckingham Research.
Jamie Clement: Yes. Thanks for the follow-up. I mean, Eddie my recollection is I excluding the noise from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in the fourth quarter of last year, your fourth quarter of last year my recollection was very, very strong. Is there anything we need to think about as we model the fourth quarter from a year-over-year perspective that hasn't come out on the call yet?
Eddie Northen: I don't believe there's anything it hasn't come out on the call. I think the last question, where we talked about the recurring revenue and where we'll see the improvements on the profitability side. I think we'll continue to see that help us in Q4 and moving into next year. I think based on everything we know right now, those are probably the most impactful items. We still don't have a full view of everything from the hurricanes. We don't anticipate it being anything material based on what we know right now.
Jamie Clement: All right, terrific. Thanks very much for the extra time. I appreciate it.
Eddie Northen: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes. Thanks for the follow-up. Eddie, I think maybe you said this in the prepared remarks, but how many companies have you acquired year-to-date and what was the total cash paid?
Eddie Northen: The number is 34. I'm looking to see if we have the numbers here. I don't think we've said the number of companies. But we're going -- we can take -- we can take a look real quick in dollars we do have, I believe it's $77 million [indiscernible] that's right. Yes, so $77 million this year, it was $127 million last year because we had Northwest that we purchased last year. So $77 million so far this year. And we'll take a look to see if we have the companies. But of course, that will be made available once we have our 10-Q available, the number of companies would be available.
Tim Mulrooney: You know what, I'll just wait for the 10-Q. Thanks, guys Congrats on the quarter. Bye.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Thank you for that. Appreciate it.
Tim Mulrooney: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no additional questions at this time.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you, all, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and year-end results in January.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilyn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO John Wilson - President and COO Eddie Northen - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jamie Clement - Buckingham Tim Mulrooney - William Blair Sean Kennedy - Nomura Brian Butler - Stifel Chris McGinnis - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Excuse me, everyone. Good day and welcome to the Rollins Inc., Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilyn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you, Todd. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746. And we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the pass code 3402261. Additionally, the call has been webcast at viavid.com. And the replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins’ Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Wilson, Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer and Eddie Northen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes Marilyn, and thank you, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2018 conference call. Eddie will read our forward looking statement and disclaimer and then we'll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We’re very pleased to report our 49th consecutive quarter of improved revenue and earnings. For the quarter, our revenues grew 10.8% to 480.5 million compared to 433.6 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 21.1% to 65 million or $0.30 per diluted share compared to 53.7 million or $0.25 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the first 6 months rose 9.9% to 889.2 million compared to 808.8 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 20.9% to approximately 113.6 million with earnings per share at $0.52 per diluted share compared to 94 million or $0.43 per diluted share for the same period last year. We experienced good growth in all of our business lines, with residential up 11.6%, commercial pest control rose 6% and Termite & Ancillary services rose 16.9%. Eddie will provide greater detail on our financial results in a few moments. We’re extremely pleased with the expansion that we continue to make with our global footprint. During the quarter, we made two significant acquisitions in this regard. In May, we acquired Guardian Pest Control in the United Kingdom. Guardian was founded in 2002 and is a well-recognized for its pest control services, legionella disease control and hygiene services. These services are provided to commercial customers throughout the UK’s midlands. This acquisition, our fourth in the UK, will help us to expand our footprint within this country. As in the past, we look forward to sharing best practices with one another. On July 2nd, we marked another important company milestone, having closed on the acquisition of Aardwolf Pestkare, our first company owned acquisition in Singapore. Founded in 1997, Aardwolf is a highly regarded company and known for its superior pest control and specialty services to both residential and commercial customers. In selecting to partner with Rollins, founders John Ho and Patrick Chong shared that it has taken them 3 years to find a company that had the same business philosophy that they had. Both of our company's share a commitment to quality service and care for our employees. We're most pleased that Patrick Chong will remain in a leadership role and we look forward to working with him and his fine team with the goal of becoming the dominant pest control provider in Singapore. The landmark acquisition expands our residents now into 54 countries worldwide. John will provide greater details on this acquisition. We received an overwhelmingly positive response from our employees, resulting from the tax related benefit improvements announced last quarter. If you look around, we granted Rollins’ stock to over 7,000 employees based on tenure with the company. This was a one-time charge for the second quarter P&L. On a going forward basis, our 401(k) plan was improved, which benefited all participating employees. This was complemented by an additional floating holiday and an enhanced college scholarship program. Investing in our people is always beneficial and critical to our mission to become the world's best service company. Before turning the call over to John, I'd also like to acknowledge HomeTeam is receiving for the 7th time in a row, David Weekley’s highly coveted Partners of Quality award. David Weekley Homes is the largest privately held builder in the country, implementing its rigorous supply feedback platform as a way to measure world class lender excellence. And to demonstrate their commitment to partner with our suppliers, believing that when a partner improves his relationship with them, they both become better providers in the marketplace. HomeTeam performs thousands of services for David Weekley Homes at 13 cities where they conduct this. This award confirms HomeTeam’s commitment to providing exceptional service to its business partners. I’d now like to turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. I’m often asked about whether the tight labor market and the competition for talent is impacting our business. As you well know, in April and May, the unemployment rate reached lows not seen since 2000. However, I'm pleased to report that our brands are dealing fairly well with this issue. We believe the strength of our various brands recognition and their reputation has helped, evidenced by the volume of applicants we continue to get for employment opportunities at Rollins companies. Through the first half of this year, our number of applicants per job opening was similar to a year ago. And for March and April, when unemployment figures hit their lowest, our applicant flow remained comparable to 2017 levels as well. That said, we recognize a strong applicant flow is not enough. We also have to ensure that our hiring processes are efficient and that we select the right people. Towards that end, we have made a few changes to our assessment tools and pre-employment screening processes to reduce the time it takes to get someone on board and begin their training programs. Any reduction in time we can implement around these processes reduces the risk that we lose a good candidate to some other employer. Most importantly, it allows us to review hard and ultimately choose well. One of the most important ways we do that is by having our top job candidates complete what we call, an observation day, where the candidate spends time shadowing one of our top employees who performs really well in the same type of work. This helps a candidate to decide whether the work we do in our company is a good fit for them. We get to see how they interact with co-workers and their likelihood to fit into the team. This additional step also helps to ensure we select the best people. One other added benefit of taking the time for the observation period is that it keeps the candidate engaged and active during the process and gives our managers a bit more time to check background and references on their candidates. 4.5 years ago, we pledged to hire 1,000 veterans over 5 years and we’ve put more effort into recruiting military veterans. These folks are returning from Iraq, Afghanistan and other places around the world and are well trained, very motivated and very disciplined. I am happy to report that we have exceeded that goal by 177 new team members prior to the 5th year being completed. At the end of last year, we also hired a human resources consulting company to review the effectiveness of our compensation programs. They found that our company is in the top quartile in compensation with comparable industries. However, they have also shown us areas to improve. We feel strongly that being the employer of choice for the pest control industry and even for the service industry at large will continue to provide us with a good supply of candidates to choose from. In addition to ensuring we get the right people on our team, we also want to get them up to speed more quickly. As I mentioned on a previous earnings call, we were evaluating the best way to move forward. Prior to making any ill advised decisions, we decided to survey our new hires to see how well we were doing with their on-boarding experience. We found out we weren’t always doing a very good job of providing these folks with an experience that would help them to be successful and leave our customers happy. In late 2017, we implemented new on-boarding processes to improve the experience. We wanted them to feel a part of the team from day one and to quickly get the training and development they need to learn their jobs more quickly. By making these changes based on this survey feedback, we have made improvements. Today, our on-boarding surveys tell us that 93% of our new hires are proud to work for our brand and over 90% said they would recommend our company as a great place to work. Of course, there is a lot more to this than just selecting and hiring new team members, we have to train them exceptionally well, provide them with all the tools necessary, show them that there is plenty of opportunity with our company, compensate them well and most importantly, treat them well. There are certainly a lot of moving parts to it, but it is well worth that extra effort to ensure that we build and maintain a strong team. So while the labor market is tight, we're continuing to adjust. We know talented people have choices and we want the Rollins brands to be a leading contender for the best talent. Following up Gary’s remarks on our acquisition of Aardwolf and Guardian, I wanted to reiterate how pleased we are to have them join our company. The depth and talent of the leadership team at Aardwolf played a major factor in our desire to join with this organization. With the strong history of growth and leadership in the industry, Aardwolf shares many similarities with the Rollins family of brands. Gary mentioned that Patrick Chong remains with us to lead this talented team forward. We wish John Ho well as he transitions into retirement and begins to travel and spend quality time with his family. We look forward to working and learning from these new members of the Rollins family for years to come. I will now turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thanks, John. The hiring method that John discussed is extremely timely, with the historic revenue growth rate that we've seen this quarter, which followed a very strong Q1. While M&A made up roughly half of the 10.8% growth rate that Gary mentioned, the remaining 5.4% organic growth rate drove the need for accelerated hiring and additional service payroll to get these new accounts, up and running with a quality service. Our financial results continue to show the impact of our extremely high level of acquisitions over the past six months, as depreciation and amortization impacted both our income before taxes and net income. That said, we look forward to the related profit improvement in the future. For the quarter, all of our service lines showed significant growth and keys to the quarter included historic commercial organic revenue growth, substantial increase in depreciation and amortization, as a result of multiple acquisitions and thirdly, fleet expense increase, which was impacted by lease cost and a significant increase in fuel price per gallon. Looking at the numbers, the second quarter revenues of 480.5 million was an increase of 10.8% over the prior year’s second quarter revenue of 433.6 million. Income before taxes increased 4.7% to 90.2 million from 86.1 million in 2017. Net income rose 22.1% to 65.5 million and earnings per share increased 20% to $0.30 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2017. As we discussed last quarter, there were two unusual items that affected the profit numbers compared to the typical quarter, as they will continue to do for the remainder of 2018. The first was the enhanced employee benefit that Gary referred to earlier. This impacted the second quarter by about a penny due in part to the expense related to our enhanced 401(k) match and the one-time stock grants to many of our US based employees. We received very positive feedback from our workforce on this tremendous use of a portion of our tax savings. Additionally, the second significant item is the increase in recent acquisition, which has increased our amortization of intangible assets for the quarter by 27.3%. Over the past five years, our average increase of amortization of intangible assets year-over-year has been 9.5%. Compared to last year, this significant increase also impacted the earnings per share by a penny and is a tremendous investment for our future. With our strong increase in pest control revenue generated, there is an aspect of our business that we have not spent a lot of time discussing in the past. This is related to start-up costs for new recurring businesses. This would include initial sale, materials and supplies, sales commissions and labor costs, all of which falls in the first month of service with only a portion of the revenue recognized. For commercial customers, this would include equipment need such as rodent trap, fly lights and base station, just to name a few. The time to get this equipment in place and to provide the needs of the new account reduced the profit contribution for the first three to four visits. Once we are at that four to five visit level, the profitability significantly improved and this is a key reason that we concentrate on high levels of customer service to ensure that we retain these customers for years to come. Because of the consistency of our organic revenue growth over the years, this has not been readily visible in our quarterly numbers. With the recent significantly accelerated organic growth, especially on the commercial side, the revenue growth of over 4% in Q1 and Q2, we felt that this was a timely discussion for us to have. A deeper look into our organic growth rates reveals that in Q2, our recurring revenue grew greater than 10%, well above our historic norm. We believe that our investments in technology, training and our employee base are paying these dividends. In comparison, we know that one time revenue is immediately profitable, but the recurring revenue will ultimately generate excellent profitability. With strong residential and commercial retention rate, this investment will pay dividends for years to come. Let's take a look through the revenue by service line for the second quarter. As discussed earlier, our total revenue increase of 10.8% included 5.4% from several acquisitions and the remaining 5.4% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control, which made up 42% of our revenue, was up 11.6%. Commercial pest control, which made up 37% of our revenue was up 6% and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 20% of our revenue was up 16%. Our commercial growth has trended higher over the past five years, but as I’ve mentioned, this quarter is the fastest growth that has occurred during that time period. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 5.4% and from that, residential was up 6.1%, commercial increased 4.2% and termite improved 3.3%.  When we take a look at the quarter, taking out the impact of foreign companies and currency, in total, we grew 10.9%, residential grew 11.5%, commercial pest control was up 5% and termite and ancillary improved 16.7%. In total, gross margin for the quarter was 52%, down from 52.8% in prior year’s quarter. A large impact was felt from gasoline costs that were up on average $0.39 per gallon compared to last year. However, our efforts around route optimization to our virtual route management system continues to see improvement and partially offsets the fuel increase. The second quarter and specifically June revealed the best improvement in stops per mile since we completed our rollout of the virtual route management system in 2017. Fleet expenses in total increased 3.5 million or 21.5% for the quarter, driven by fuel price increases that I mention and leased vehicle expense. Personnel related costs were up due to the 401(k) plan company match and stock grant that we began to amortize this quarter. Depreciation and amortization expense for the second quarter increased 2.8 million to 16.4 million, an increase of 20.8%.  Depreciation increased 936,000 due to acquisitions, vehicle leases and equipment purchases as mentioned before. Amortization of intangible assets increased 1.9 million, due mostly to amortization of customer contracts included in the various acquisitions. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the quarter increased 13.7 million or 10.6% to 29.8% of revenues, down one-tenth of a percentage point from 29.9% for the first quarter last year. The decrease in the percent of revenue is due to lower salaries, which increased slower than revenue and reduced professional services, as we wrapped up various projects. As for our cash position, for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, we spent 14.2 million on acquisition compared to 11.2 million the same quarter last year, as we continue to deploy higher levels of cash on acquisitions year-over-year and 61.1 million on dividend, an increase of 22%. We had 14.2 million of CapEx, which was up 27% from 2017, primarily from planned IT upgrades and the Northwest acquisition. We ended the quarter with 87.9 million in cash, of which 40.1 million is primarily held in non-interest bearing account at various domestic banks.  There is one other item to note related to our cash flow moving forward. We have initiated a process to transition our pension plan to an insurance provider. The time allotted will take the next 16 to 18 months, for which the pension plan over 100% funded, interest rates rising and pricing very attractive, we felt this was the best time to move forward. On an annual basis, historically, we have made a $5 million contribution to the pension plan. This means that we do not have any plans to make this payment moving forward in time. Last night, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.14 per share that will be paid on September 10, 2018 to stockholders of record at the close of business, August 10, 2018. The cash dividend is a 22% increase over the prior year. This marks the 16th consecutive year the board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. Before I turn the call over to Gary, I'd like to ensure that you are all aware of our Analyst/Investor Day on August 10 at the New York Stock Exchange, recognizing the 50th anniversary of Rollins, as a publicly listed company on the New York Stock Exchange. Gary, John, Julie and I will be giving an update on several parts of our business as we see them today and moving forward. Gary, I’ll turn the call back over to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you. We’re happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jamie Clement with Buckingham.
Jamie Clement: Eddie, if I can start with you if you don't mind. Typically, you guys don't talk about, on a quarterly basis, the difference between growth in recurring revenue versus organic growth. And I think based on the numbers you gave, the recurring number I think was like 2X that would be already pretty strong organic growth. So what exactly is the difference there? Because like generally speaking, if I think about you adding a commercial customer, I consider that recurring and if you sign a residential customer to a one year contract, I'd also consider that recurring, so what's the difference there?
Eddie Northen: Well, the reason why we’re pointing this out is because our profitability really begins after that third or fourth visit. Yeah. So, the first visit, the first, second and third visit, if it’s a commercial account, we’re setting up all this equipment, we’re setting up the base stations, we’re setting up the rodent trap, we’re learning the customer and by that fourth to fifth visit is really when all of that is behind us, the expense of all that is behind us and that’s when the profitability really improves rapidly. To a lesser degree, we'll still see that on the residential side. We may have sales commissions that may be a part of that new residential sale or we may also have a learning curve with the new consumer as well. So we were just pointing out with the rapid growth on the organic side, that’s a little bit different than what we've seen in the historical kind of regulated -- regular organic growth that we’ve seen think.
Jamie Clement: And then on the investments that you all have made this year into your employees, I think, you said it was about a penny for the second quarter. I think you said it was about a penny for the first quarter too. Am I right about that?
Eddie Northen: That’s correct.
Jamie Clement: I was little unclear, should that impact goal would be the same in Q3 and Q4 or should that go down because you've already given out the stock.
Eddie Northen: It will be slightly less than we began the amortization, we’ll have a slightly less amount of amortization in Qs 3 and Q4. So it will probably, to your point, I’ll probably round down slightly less than a penny.
Jamie Clement: Would it also be fair to say that based on John's comments about hiring more folks and that kind of thing, I mean, I would imagine that your technicians are more profitable, all else being equal after they’ve been on the job. I don’t know what the right number is, 9 months, 12 months, than when they just start. So if you’re adding a bunch of new business and you’re adding new employees, you sort of get a little bit of a double whammy that, right and it's temporary, right?
Eddie Northen: That’s right. We’re going to have the training expense, you’re going to have obviously hiring expense when you're hiring more people as we're able to grow this revenue as well as we're able to grow. And that’s part of the reason why John talked a couple of quarters ago about the on boarding process and making sure that we're doing the right things to move that retention in the right direction and why we wanted to follow up on that on this quarter. Do you have anything else to add to that, John?
John Wilson: Yes. Jamie, in some markets, depending on regulatory requirements, it takes us 90 days to get a new person on the street and producing revenue, sort of taking care of customer. So, you're absolutely right. The longer therefore, the more profitable and the better that is. In addition, costs, some number, anywhere from $5000 to $10000, just to source and hire new employees. So it's a pretty expensive proposition upfront but that's why we want to put so much effort into sourcing right, hiring right and retaining those people.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: So the gross margin contracted, I think, 80 basis points in the quarter, which was a little bit more than what we were expecting, how much of this was related to stronger organic growth, on boarding new customers as you discussed in your prepared remarks and how much of this was the impact from recent acquisitions?
Eddie Northen: Yeah. So I would say the organic growth was probably from a weighted average perspective, was probably the larger piece of that that we have, more employees are spending a little bit more time on those new customers as we added them so rapidly over these last two quarters. But then fleet it also a piece of that as well, but the fuel price is up on average, $0.39 per gallon and then our -- and our lease vehicle cost is up. So as we're adding these new customers and this new revenue and we're adding new employees, we have had additional vehicle lease expense as well. So those were two of the key items that really made that impact that you mentioned.
Tim Mulrooney: And then secondly, on international expansion. I mean with some of the recent acquisitions, you've expanded your presence in the UK, now Singapore. You guys have leading positions in Canada and Australia as well. Could you just talk about the international pest landscape? I mean, are there any other large international markets where maybe you have a smaller presence today, but they have a large TAM maybe right for consolidation or further investment in the future and are these mostly in Europe or are there others in Asian and South American markets as well for example.
Eddie Northen: There's significant growth opportunities in lesser developed countries. The growth rates that we see in places like Southeast Asia and in China through our franchise groups, the growth rate there is significantly higher. To your point in Europe, there are some very mature markets that are larger markets that are out there and we’ll continue to be able to go through and take a look at different countries where, at this point in time, probably going to continue to still take a look at countries, where we understand the language, we understand the culture, it is a business environment we clearly understand, but we're going to continue to use these franchises to be able to know and understand these markets as we're growing and we’re moving forward, especially in these higher emerging opportunity, countries that are out there.  And it is a formula that's worked very well for us. I mean, the franchise group in total, the International Franchise group has grown significantly faster than our overall company’s growth rate. Now, of course, we only have the royalties portion of that from a financial perspective. But it gives us an opportunity to be able to know and understand the footprint and the opportunities that are out there around the rest of the globe. So, we feel good with Australia moving forward the way that it has and developing that landscape, starting there in 2014 and then adding new countries in 2016, the UK and now 2018, in Singapore. It's been a good cadence for us, first to be able to digest that and learn and understand more about those parts of the world and we’re excited about what that future looks like.
John Wilson: Yeah. And Tim, I would just add. This is John Wilson by the way. I would just add that while we're excited about the opportunity, there's tons of opportunity in the countries that we've already expanded in and as you've got well no density, it’s really important to our businesses and so building out the footprint and the service capabilities of the countries that we're in already is real important to us improve in those businesses. So we're looking at opportunities and always interested, but I think my first priority is to take care of what we -- expand what we have I guess.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Sean Kennedy with Nomura.
Sean Kennedy: So I had another question that’s concerning the M&A, specifically the increase in M&A in recent years. I was wondering if there was a specific strategy behind the accelerating M&A over the last year, especially in mid to high valuations and competition for deals in the industry. Was decrease in taxes a factor?
Eddie Northen: I will answer the last piece of that. Our model, the decrease in taxes helped with the model when we take a look at it, but I would not say that that has been a driving factor behind anything. We continue just to find opportunities for good quality companies that want to join the Rollins family of brands that maybe aren’t necessarily looking for that biggest check and then happier company broken up. They’re looking for an opportunity to be able to join the Rollins family of brand and be able to continue to keep that legacy company intact and be able to continue to make improvements from there.  We’ve see that through the relationship that Gary and John and our other senior management folks have developed over the years that we continue to have these folks come to the table or come to us and in a lot of cases, we’re the only ones at the table. For the last two major deals that we did, it was not a situation of a bidding process. So the valuation that other companies are paying, we're not a part of that. It's more important that whole legacy piece and continuing to keep those good quality companies and employees and being able to go through and finally get to that.  And one of the key things and the most important thing to us, if you hear us talk about over and over is our company culture. And when someone else is selling a company and they have a very similar culture to us, the importance of their customers and their employee is, in a lot of cases, a driving decision. For Aardwolf, in Singapore, they told us that was the number one thing that made their decision for Rollins.  And as John talked about, it took them over three years to make their decision, but when they found us and learned about us and they found out more about our culture and who we are and what the company thinks about our employees and how we think about our customer experience and taking care of our customers, they said that was a perfect fit for them. Now, if they had chosen someone else where they had been a different price tag for them, it’s a possibility that that could have been the case, but the culture piece was really the most important part for them and we continue to see that with many, many opportunities that are out there from an acquisition perspective.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Brian Butler: This is actually Brian Butler for Michael today. Just to swing back on the international piece, in the markets -- the new markets are kind of in. Can you give a little color on the relative margins of where they are now versus kind of where the company is and what the opportunity is once you kind of get that density in those markets?
Eddie Northen: We don't break any margins down by any of our geographic areas. When we get an opportunity to be able to add density into a country such as we were able to do in Australia, things obviously move in the right direction, because we have one set of leadership that's going to be in place or the country. And as we were able to go through and add our third and our fourth and our fifth and sixth companies there, we're able to go through it and use that more efficiently. We're also able to be able to use our purchasing power at the company typically to be able to go through and enhance the margin in these existing countries and companies that we're buying. Our purchasing power for material and supplies and for vehicle and all those types of things as well as benefits in a lot of cases is a very positive thing what will impact the overall margin, but we'll break those out, but we'll have opportunities to be able to see how we can help our overall company's margin go forward when we add acquisition, not just internationally, but domestically as well.
Brian Butler: Okay. Without getting I guess into the detail of what the margins are, just kind of what that range is in the sense of, when you add that density, does that add 100 basis points of improvement or is it -- just trying to look at a relative kind of, what the impact of those additional acquisitions are.
Eddie Northen: So when we acquire a company depending on what's already in place, we can typically pick up 4 to 5 margin points, when we go through and we strip out cost that we would not need to continue to run the company when we use our purchasing power as I just talked about, when we use our vehicle leases, when we put them on our benefit. And if there are opportunities to be able to create further synergies from there, whether it’s back office or whether it is their management structure, we're able to sometimes do better than that. But we're able to use our tools typically to be able to make them better. A great example would be when we acquired Critter Control and they really didn’t have a very strong Internet presence. So we were able to go through and use our marketing group to be able to help them further develop and improve their revenue stream in a more efficient manner that enabled us to be able to improve the margins there. So having our structure in place just enabled us to be able to provide that. [Technical Difficulty]
Brian Butler: Switching over to the new customer, how long is it typically between the first and fourth visit?
Eddie Northen: It will depend on what kind of customer it is. So if it is a residential customer, let’s just say it is in every other month customer that we have, which is our most frequent visit, that third visit, you can help through the math there, so every other month times three visit is what we would be looking at. And then on the commercial side, I think the average of averages and I'm going to say that because you have some that, some customers revisit twice a week and some customers, we might have quarterly, the average of averages will probably be about a month. So now we're talking about that two to three month time period for the average of averages to be able to go through and --
Gary Rollins: Yeah, I think that's right. Six to eight months for a residential customer and for that third or fourth visit and three times in the quarter for the commercial. 
Eddie Northen: And that's the reason why our retention rate, leading the industry is such an impactful item for us as far as profitability is concern, with residential, retention rates well into the '80s and commercial in the high 80, that's what really helped with that profitability. We keep those that are profitable over a long period of time.
Brian Butler: Okay, great. And then on the SG&A side, I mean that kind of tracked with revenues from a growth perspective, it was up a similar amount. Looking forward, once you kind of anniversary some of the compensation changes you've made, is this -- what kind of leverage do you get on the SG&A side? I would expect it to be slower than revenue typically.
Eddie Northen: Well, so we'll definitely see leverage, this quarter was impacted by the enhanced benefit that we had for our employees. So if you kind of take that out, it’s kind of a one-time type of event, we would have seen a further improvement on the SG&A. But as we move through time, as we continue to streamline with the acquisition and one of the things that we're able to do is we're able to sometimes pull in back office support into a more consolidated environment and help reduce the overall cost. Those numbers should continue to move in a positive direction for us.
Brian Butler: Okay. And this is the last one. Was there anything seasonally about the second quarter unusual that contribute to any of the margin headwind there or was this fairly typical second quarter?
Eddie Northen: I don't know if there's ever. You all will have to help me. I don’t know if there’s ever a typical second quarter. In April, it was still a little bit cool. In May and June, it warmed up and every year that cycle looks maybe a little bit different, but like I said, that organic growth rate really moves forward very, very positively, the recurring growth rate has really moved forward very, very positively. And we just hope to continue to be able to see that as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris McGinnis with Sidoti & Company.
Chris McGinnis: Just have two quick kind of follow-ups. Just quickly around the acquisitions, obviously, in Q1, I think you highlighted 16 smaller acquisitions, I guess obviously given the number, was there a number for Q2 that I missed, I may have missed that, if I did, I apologize.
Eddie Northen: I don't know if I have that exact number off the top of my head. It was somewhere around 4, 5. I think in total, we’ve got somewhere in around 20. I think I did mention the dollar amount that we had that we deployed this year versus last year as well.
Chris McGinnis: And then just quickly on the increase in the fuel, is there any way to kind of offset that other than route out the optimization, is there a pricing mechanism, would that increase, just a little color around that would be helpful? Thanks.
Eddie Northen: We've really analyzed a hedge type of a situation and at this point in time, just isn’t really some expense for us to be able to look at that. Gasoline, in total, specifically has been somewhere between 3% and 4% in total. So to pick a chance of that, and being on the wrong side of that, we’ve not made a decision, we’ve made a decision not to do that at this point in time. Our real effort is around our routing scheduling and our route optimization and we have a lot of very, very good opportunity for us in that area as we move forward, not just in or chem, but in some of our other brands as well that have made some good improvement in the routing and scheduling piece.  So anything that we can do to continue to reduce our miles per stock, which we are in June with our best month we’ve had since the inception of this program, we continue to move that forward. That’s going to offset some of that fuel increase. And we're just not smart enough to be able to bet on almost every another on where that price per gallon is going to go as we move forward in time. So we’re going to do the parts that we can do and that’s making the routes more optimized and be able to reduce the miles that way.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Gary Rollins: Thank you all for joining us today. And we appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for joining today's conference. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilyn Meek – Investor Relations Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eddie Northen – Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer John Wilson – Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Tim Mulrooney – William Blair Sean Kennedy – Nomura Jamie Clement – Buckingham
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rollins Incorporated First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Ms. Marilyn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin, ma’am.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 with the passcode 1244009. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com, and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins’ Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter of 2018 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. For the quarter, our revenues grew 8.9% to $408.7 million compared to $375.2 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 20.5% to $48.5 million or $0.22 per diluted share compared to $40.3 million or $0.18 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Eddie, will provide greater detail on the impact of our recently announced enhanced employee benefits, the tax rate changes, and other financial numbers in a few minutes. All of our business lines experienced good growth in the quarter, with residential up 8.4%, commercial pest control grew 5.6% and, termite and ancillary rose 16. 2%. We’re continuing to expand our global footprint and are extremely pleased with the growing international presence for the Orkin brand. We’re accomplishing this to both company-owned acquisitions and our extensive and expanding franchise network. During the quarter, we announce the addition of four international franchises in South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Latin America. All of these locations will offer commercial and residential pest control as well as termite services were applicable The Orkin brand is now represented in 53 countries with 83 international franchises. In the first quarter we’re also pleased to acquire two additional fine companies in the United Kingdom, AMES Group and Kestrel Pest Control. AMES located in Birmingham has a rich history of providing superior pest control, bird control and specialty services to the commercial customers throughout the Midlands as well as London. Kestrel located in the Eastleigh, Hampshire provides commercial pest control services to customers in South Hampton and the surrounding areas of Southwest England. Kestrel will ultimately merge with our Safeguard Company. Important to us is, both of these companies share our commitment to continuous improvement in making an ongoing investment in training and employee develop. We’re also pleased that the founders and the leaders of these two new companies will remain with AMES and Kestrel. As we continue to expand globally we look for external opportunities promote our brand. To that end last month we were privileged to be a gold sponsor of the Global Food Safety Initiatives, GFSI at their Global Food Safety Conference in Tokyo. This is a unique annual event and brings together the leading food safety specialists from over 50 countries, dedicated to advance food safety practices. The organization addresses the entire food chain from production to consumption or as they like to say from farm to fork. This year’s event had over 1,200 attendees which was a record and a number of our existing U.S. customers were represented with their international affiliates; Nestlé, ADM and Land O’Lakes can name a few. We were representing two of our brands at the conference, Orkin and IFC, both leading providers of pest management services to the food industry. We believe that customer engagement is paramount to our success, and this event provided a good opportunity in this regard. Our presence at GFSI Conference provided us with a great opportunity to strengthen the relationships with existing customers and future prospects. We believe that through participation in events such as this we will continue to elevate our brand awareness around the globe. Shifting our focus to the U.S. now, we are also pleased to announce the acquisition of Louisville, Kentucky based OPC Pest Services. This leading pest control company was founded in 1972 by the late Lamon Blake and his sons Donnie and Terry Blake. I have known Donnie for a long time and have long admired the company he and his family have built. As a result of their hard work, strong customer values, and appreciation for every employee’s contribution to their company, they are recognized as Kentucky’s premier pest management company. We’re very excited to partner with them and look forward to working together to grow our business, while sharing best practices. We were especially pleased on us last week as a result of the U.S. tax legislation. Rollins will be using part of these tax rate savings to improve our employee benefits. John will review some of these details in a minute. Additionally, we further strengthened our management team during the quarter with a promotion of three of our team members, who will be expanding their responsibilities with our company. In January, Tom Luczynski was elevated to the position of President of Orkin Global Development and International Franchises, as well as Assistant Corporate Secretary. Since 2007, Tom has presided over the Orkin International Franchising Group and has led the company’s expansion to over 53 countries. In January, we also announced that Beth Chandler, Rollin’s General Counsel, has been appointed to the position of Corporate Secretary. Beth joined Rollins in 2013 as Vice President and General Counsel. In 2016 she assumed responsibility for the Risk Management Group. And last year the Internal Audit Group was added to Beth’s responsibilities. These moves will provide dynamics between risk, legal, and internal audit. In early March we’re pleased to announce that Julie Bimmerman was promoted to Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Julie joined Rollins in 2015 as Managing Director of Rollins Specialty Brands Accounting and was promoted in 2016 to manage the Rollins Finance Department. Previously she had worked at HomeTeam Pest Defense, where she served as Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller. And Julie’s new role, she has added Investor Relations and Rollins Payroll Group to her areas of responsibility. Her sanctum is a good example of Rollins benefiting talent wise from these acquisitions. Our congratulations and thanks go to these three individuals for the contribution they’ve made and will continue to make to our company. I will now turn the call over to John Wilson.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Over the past few months we have undertaken an extensive review of what actions other companies have taken as a result of the recent U.S. tax code changes. Many companies chose to give employees one-time bonuses or similar items that provide a one-time benefit to employees. As a service company though we have long recognized that our employees are our most important asset and we wanted to do something that would have a longer term effect for them and their families. We believe our benefit improvements realize that goal. Effective January 1, 2018 we improved the employee match to our 401(K) program, previously we matched employee contributions 50% on up to 6% of their contribution. We now match 100% on the first 3% of their contribution and 50% for contributions above 3% up to 6%. As a result of benchmarking with other service companies as well as feedback from our employee survey process, we concluded that an improvement to our paid time off policies was warranted. Adding one more floating holiday for our team members to use anyway they wish was determined to be the best way to make improvements there. Rollins has always maintained a strong commitment to education, and in that spirit we are increasing the number of scholarship opportunities by 50% for our team member’s children. Each scholarship has a value of $12,000 over four years. Last, we will reward our U.S.-based team members with a one-time stock grant of stock in Rollins. These grants recognize tenure and are being given on a tier basis to employees of 2 years to 10 years or more of service. The stock is expected to be granted in May and will vest in one year. During the quarter we were also pleased to have announced that Rollins and Northwest Pest Control were awarded 2018 Top Workplaces honored by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. This was the second consecutive year that Rollins has received this award and the several such awards for Northwest. This honor is based solely on employee satisfaction and engagement feedback gathered through a third-party survey. The survey measures several aspects of workplace culture, including alignment, execution, leadership and connection. At our core we are customer service company, so our track record of success is a direct result of the efforts of the dedicated and caring people that work at Rollins. To quote, Jerry Gahlhoff, VP of Human Resources and President of Rollins Specialty Brands, this recognition challenges us to continually raise the bar. We must strive to improve the work environment and reinforce our culture as we continue to build on our tradition of success. We’re also pleased for Rollins to have been recognized by Training Magazine as the Top 125 Training Company. For 12 years Rollins has been recognized with – excuse me, for 12 years Orkin has been recognized with this honor. This latest award recognizes all of the Rollins Corporation for the quality, commitment, and investment in training our people. According to the Training Magazine, the Training Top 125 ranking is based on a number of benchmarking statistics and is determined by assessing a range of qualitative and quantitative factors, including financial investment and employee development, the scope of development programs and how closely such development efforts are linked to the business goals and objectives. Thank you. And we’ll now turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. This is truly a transformational time for our company. As we see technology continue to mature, achieve record revenue growth and as John reviewed, we’re making industry leading investments in our employees through enhanced benefits as we recognized the difference they make each and every day. The quarter’s organic growth has been in line with our historic norm, but our overall revenue improvements have been strongly fueled by good quality acquisitions. During the first quarter alone we had 16 acquisitions for a total of over $40 million. These acquisitions enable us to continue to become more efficient in our business model and will produce sustain growth for years to come. There are only two other times in our company’s history that we have seen M&A play such a critical part of our growth, the acquisition of Orkin in 1964 and the acquisition of HomeTeam in 2008. I think we would all agree that these have been – that these have worked out extremely well for Rollins. For the quarter, all of our service lines showed growth and highlights included, enhancements to our employee benefits program that John discussed, a significant increase in amortization as a result of multiple acquisitions, and the strongest commercial revenue growth in the past five years. Looking at the numbers, the first quarter revenues of $408.7 million was an increase of 8.9% over the prior year’s first quarter revenue of $375.2 million. Income before income taxes increased 3.4% to $59.2 million from $57.3 million in 2017. Net income rose 20.5% to $48.5 million, and earnings per share increased 22.2% to $0.22 per diluted share compared to $0.18 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2017. There are two unusual items that impacted the profit numbers compared to the average quarter. As we noted in our press release last week, the enhanced employee benefits impacted the first quarter by roughly $0.01 and was equated to about $2.3 million. And we would anticipate a similar impact in quarters to come for the remainder of the year. This is a tremendous use of our portion of our tax savings as John stated we invest in our greatest asset, our people. Additionally, the significant number of recent acquisitions increased our amortization for intangible assets for the quarter by 40.8% which is the highest percent increase since we purchased HomeTeam in 2008. As a comparison over the past five years, our average increase of amortization of intangible assets year-over-year has been above 5.1%. Compared to last year this significant increase also impacted the earnings per share by a $0.01 or roughly $2 million after tax. And importantly, indicates a tremendous investment for our future. If you exclude these two items that are unusual, our income before taxes would have been 10.9% improvement year-over-year and income after taxes would have risen 31.2%. Let’s take a look through the revenue by service line for the first quarter. Our total revenue increased 8.9% included 4.2% from several acquisitions, of which Northwest was the largest and the remaining 4.7% was from pricing and organic growth. In total residential pest control which made up 40% of our revenue was up 8.4%. Commercial pest control which made up 40% of our revenue was up 5.6%. And termite and ancillary services which made up approximately 19% of our revenue was up 16.2%. Our commercial growth has trended higher over more than the last five years, but this first quarter displayed the fastest growth that has occurred during this recent time period. Our commercial sales team continues to improve through a better selection process of people, enhanced training and continued improvements to our key technologies, namely BizSuite, our customer facing iPad presentation tool. Our commercial operations are performing at the highest levels in the industry, and we see this through retention and new sales, especially in the areas – the segment areas of hospitality, property management and restaurants. We look forward to continue success in this area. Again total revenue less acquisitions was up 4.7%, and from that residential was up 4.2%, commercial increased 4.5%, and termite improved 4.2%. When you take a look at the quarter, taking out the impact of the foreign companies in currency, in total we grew 8.8%, residential grew 8.3%, commercial pest control was up 4.5%, and termite and ancillary improved 16.8%. In total, gross margin for the quarter was flat to last year at 49.6% for the quarter. The costs related to the enhanced employee benefit impacted the first quarter by 1 percentage point. Additionally, administrative expense was higher with the addition of our multiple acquisitions as well as increasing fleet expenses as gasoline costs were up an average of $0.25 per gallon compared to last year. The quarter benefited from improved efficiencies, and routing and scheduling technology which reduced miles per vehicle by 5% and also helped to lower service salaries as a percent of revenue. Insurance and claims were lower than prior year as a percent of revenue as we’ve reduced our litigated exposure. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the first quarter increased $3.1 million to $16.9 million, an increase of 22.8%. Depreciation increased $300,000 due to acquisitions and equipment purchases. And as mentioned before, amortization of intangible assets increased $2.8 million related to customer contracts included in various acquisitions which reduced our earnings per share by approximately $0.01 after taxes. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the quarter increased $11.1 million or 9.8% to 30.9% of revenues, up 0.2 of a percentage point, from 30.7% for the first quarter last year. The increase in the percent of revenue is due to higher administrative salaries and personnel related expenses due to acquisitions, and fleet costs due to increased gasoline price. The increases were partially offset by lower insurance, and claims expense due to reduced exposure in litigation. As for our cash position for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, we spent $43.1 million on acquisitions compared to $3 million for the same quarter last year, and $30.6 million on dividends an increase of 22%. We had $6.1 million of capital expenditures, which was up 12.5% from 2017 primarily from planned IT upgrades and the Northwest acquisition. We ended the quarter with $84.3 million in cash, down 48.1% from last year. But as a reminder, we use all cash for our acquisition to both, Northwest Exterminating and OPC. As we mentioned on our Q4 call, we anticipate a significantly lower tax rate for 2018. Our Q1 rate of 18% will be the lowest of the year and we anticipate a rate in the mid-20% for the remainder of the year. As a reminder the Q1 rate is lower due to the impact of the stock-based compensation plan. Last night, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.14 per share that will be paid on June 11, 2018, to stockholders of record at the close of business May 10, 2018. This is a 22% increase over the prior year and marks the 17th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time the floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning, everybody.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: So one of your competitors recently highlighted at the lay in the spring pest season that’s having a negative impact on their first quarter result, I’m curious that the unseasonably cold spring have an impact on your revenue growth at all. It doesn’t look like it did given the strong organic growth in the quarter, but I’m just curious if there was any impact there in the first quarter, and then any anticipated impact on the second quarter given the cold April that we’ve had.
Gary Rollins: We were – certainly we were impacted primarily due to the snowfall. The National Weather Service measures snowfall in the top 35 markets and it was up over 30%. So the snowfall and weather also affect demand, but they affect our ability to get around the service or customer, so certainly we’re impacted. Certainly I can’t say anything about the quarter. The second quarter, other than I’ve been in the business for 50 years and we always have a season, it drives you crazy when it starts off like this, but we have no doubt that the pest season will arrive.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, okay, thank you. Just tell me guys that –
Eddie Northen: I’m sorry.
Tim Mulrooney: Go ahead.
Eddie Northen: Yes. This is Eddie. So just to add on to that, we try our best, I mean, you’re spot on as far as it impacting actually what’s going on, but we try our best to take that away. And John and team do a tremendous job, continuing to hold the sales folks and the operations accountable. So just one of the ways to grow and to make sure you retain your customers and you are servicing them even above and beyond is the great service that they normally get, to make sure that we don’t have them and we will reduce our turnover the best that we can to take that out of the picture. But obviously when the weather does get better, and it is going to get warmer to Gary’s point, we hope to benefit from that as well.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, got it, Eddie, thank you. Maybe one more from me, did you say that VRM helps reduce miles driven by 5%?
John Wilson: So miles driven per vehicle is the measure that we reviewed. So we’ve got the Orkin brand on our Virtual Route Management tool as I think that you know and this was part of an offset for our increase of the fleet expense overall. By reducing our miles we were able to reduce our gallons used and improve our time in front of the customer or our technicians. So we’re seeing the maturity come to bear some good fruit for us.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. I think last quarter you said you were saying a benefit, your vehicle – miles per vehicle by about 0.5 mile. Is that consistent with what you’ve seen in the first quarter? I’m just trying to compare it and see if there was any incremental benefit as the system matures and you get better at rerouting and everything?
John Wilson: Yes, I’m not sure if we can use the previous quarter and this quarter and kind of extrapolate out from there. I would just say that the maturity continues to pay dividends for us. We’ve really concentrated on making sure that we’re improving our on-time delivery and part of that has been the use of routing and scheduling and optimizing these routes. And our operations have really done a tremendous job. It really, really almost throughout the entire U.S. and we’ve got 500 branches and almost everyone is at the mark that we wanted to be at or significantly higher. So we’re reaping the benefits of that and we know we’ve got more opportunities as this moves forward.
Gary Rollins: One benefit that we have to look forward to is putting our routing and scheduling in all of our brands. Currently we don’t have it in all of the brands and I guess [indiscernible] went up. So, you know, we should be able to have similar benefits as we roll it out to other brands.
Eddie Northen: And Tim, other byproduct that we see of this as we continue to have a better on-time delivery of services as John’s group continues to do that, our customers are going to respond more positively to that. So having the right technician on the right day at the right time at the customer’s location, because they’re running this route correctly saves us miles, but also puts that right technician in the right spot and we have a better customer experience because of that.
Tim Mulrooney: Yes, okay, I got it. Well, congrats on a great quarter and thanks for taking my question.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Kennedy with Nomura.
Sean Kennedy: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a strong start of the year and thank you for taking my questions.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yes, thanks, Sean.
Sean Kennedy: Yes, I was wondering was there anything else that affected the strong commercial growth of 4.5% ex-M&A? And do you think this rate can be sustained?
Eddie Northen: Well, I’ll say that – I’m sure John can talk about the operational side of that, but from the sales side of that, the three keys that I talked about the continual improvement of the individuals that we are bringing on from a sales perspective; having them use the technology almost without exception is helping us in front of the customer. And then the service that John and team are providing to the customer, they’re not turning over, they’re staying with us at a higher rate and it’s giving us something for our sales force to be able to sell better. As we talk about the industry in whole – as a whole, unequivocally we have by far the best commercial service that’s out there. And I think that some of our customers are seeing that, that they may have had service with someone else that is out there, they’re seeing the difference in the service that John and team are providing.
John Wilson: Yes, Sean, thank you for the question. I don’t think I want to add to what Eddie had just said would be that our National Councils team just had a terrific quarter with a 60% sales increase year-over-year. And so the question is will that sustain, that’s hard to keep doing quarter-after-quarter. But I think with the added emphasis and focus those guys have on getting out of hunting up customers has helped tremendously. So in addition to field based sales effort that Eddie referenced, our National Councils group did a great job and I shout out to them for that.
Eddie Northen: And Sean, Gary opened with talking about some of the international piece of our business. And we know today that’s not a big part of our business that’s growing. But things like this Global Food Safety Conference; it puts us in a position to be able to have a wider or more global approach. And as more customers come to us and they’re looking for a global solution, we’re in 53 countries and we have opportunities to be able to service from a global perspective. So in some cases from an RFP perspective, that’s going to knock out a lot of others that don’t have that global reach. So as we continue to spend time and energy there, I think that’s going to pay more positive dividends for us and give us more opportunity.
Sean Kennedy: Okay, great. I have one more. Can you comment on how the tuck-in acquisitions in North America like Northwest and OPC over the past year will affect operating margins like in the medium- to long-term? Specifically, how much will the added density affect the margin opportunity at Rollins?
Eddie Northen: So I’ll break that question down. So when we talk about – when we think about tuck-in acquisitions we think about 10 to 12 to 15 technicians that we are able to take and put into an existing, say, Orkin brand or an existing HomeTeam brand based on whatever, wherever they are. And at that point in time we are able to tremendously positively improve the efficiency; the density becomes better overnight, so all of those things get better when we have a tuck-in acquisition. For us in total this quarter we have 16 total acquisitions, and I would say, 12 to 13 of those were relatively tuck-in acquisitions. However, the others, the names that you mentioned there, such as a Northwest or an OPC, we run those as standalone brand. We see the value in the company that we bought and we typically buy companies that are growing at a faster rate than our overall growth rate, which both Northwest and OPC are. And frankly, they’re doing a good job, doing what they’re doing. So we’re just going to share with them the benefits of opportunities and services, the buffet of opportunities and services that we have as an organization, we want to learn from them, we want to steal their good people like we’ve done with Julie, bringing her onto our team, such as we have with Jerry Gahlhoff bring him on to our team to do more. So there’s a lot of other things that happen with that. But as far as the density, and efficiency, and improvement in margin, other tuck-in acquisitions are going to continue to be able to provide that opportunity. Did that –?
Sean Kennedy: Yes, yes, definitely. But do you also put kind of the Rollins machine, the BOSS and VRM? Will you overlay that on, say, Northwest and OPC businesses?
Eddie Northen: Yes. I think that’s absolutely – the radar is going to move forward in time. And we’ll go through each one of those, we’ll see what they have in place and see what makes sense as far as routing and scheduling in their individual company. And if they have a product that is already working well for them and they figure out what makes sense as far as they used to catch from there. As Gary and John just mentioned, Orkin Canada is next for us and we’ve already started down that path of that, which is going to make a lot of sense for us. And we think we’re going to have a good opportunity there. But these other brands that you mentioned will continue to assess those and we will figure out where the best place is for us to spend our time and energy and see improvement.
Sean Kennedy: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Good luck with the rest of the year.
Eddie Northen: Yes, thank you for that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Eddie Northen: Yes. If there’s no other questions, we will go ahead and we’ll wrap up. I’m sorry
Operator: We have one.
Eddie Northen: We have one more, okay. Yes.
Operator: That’s correct. We have – our next question comes from Jamie Clement with Buckingham.
Jamie Clement: Hey, gentleman, good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Jamie Clement: Gary, I was wondering if I could get your long-term perspective here. Seems like more family-owned businesses have come to market, it sounds like more perhaps on the way. It’s not – at least my opinion is it’s not as if the industry fundamentals have deteriorated. What do you think is going on? Is this just a question of family, legacy and financial planning and that kind of thing? Why they increase?
Gary Rollins: Well, I think that if we just look over, show over at the most recent ones, there’s family dynamics that are involved. Some of the family members want the money and some want to continue to work. We’ve been very fortunate that we’ve been able to keep a lot of the principles and the leaders with the company, their company. This just got more complicated and it requires a heavy investment in IT, a heavy investment in digital, in the Internet. And some of the companies are really kind of frightened by that. As it becomes more sophisticated you’ve got to rely more on technology and I think that’s a turning point. I think the values that are getting today versus two years ago, they’re getting more module. So that’s been motivating some of the people that when they see the market improved as far as that user concern. If they are on offense that’s kind of the knowledge that takes place to cause them to consider disposing of the business and we’ve got one for reputation and that people stay with us, and that’s not the case. And most of the other folks that we’re competing with, the retention of our people they acquire the promotions of the acquired are getting. It has really I think driven a lot of these great companies and interaction. We’re fortunate there.
Jamie Clement: A quick follow-up. And Eddie, I don’t know if you want to take this. Just on multiples, I mean, obviously, over the last couple of years we saw some big commercial just go with very high multiples. I kind of think that what you’re paying is not outside of your historical range all that much, right.
Eddie Northen: I would agree with your statement. I think Gray’s point is as companies hear about multiples that some other companies are paying, it will be getting them to think about, okay, maybe this is the time, maybe this is something for us to think about. And as they learn more about do I go after that biggest check or do I go after an opportunity to be able to take my business and partner with somebody who had done this for a long time and lives up to their word, and that’s when we win, it’s the latter one. We’re not going to necessarily be the one to write the biggest check, but we are going to live up to our work and we’re going to keep people on that that we say we’re going to keep on and we’re going to have them continue to run the business. Gary and Mr. Rollins have a track record of that for 50 years. And I think that’s a reason why people continue to come back to us over and over again and say, you’re the choice for us. For us this quarter 16 acquisitions, I think that’s just a testament to exactly how companies look at that.
Jamie Clement: Okay, terrific. Thank you all for the additional color, I appreciate it.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, I’d like to thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to updating you on our second quarter and our progress on the next call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your phone lines, and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO John Wilson - President and COO Eddie Northen - VP and CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: David Polansky - Lowell, Blake & Associates Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Sean Kennedy - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112, with the passcode 6022650. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and 2017 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we’ll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. For the quarter revenue grew 7.5% to $414.7 million, compared to $385.6 million for the same period last year. Income before taxes rose 30.5% to $68.5 million, compared to $52.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2016. As a result of the new Tax Act net income declined 11.2% to $33.7 million or $0.15 per diluted share, compared to $38 million or $0.17 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. However, without these significant tax related items net income increase 19.2% and earnings per share were up 23.5% to $0.21. Revenues for the full year grew 6.4% to $1.673 billion compared to $1.573 billion for the same period last year. Net income increased 7% to $179.1 million with earnings per share of $0.82 per diluted share, compared to net income of $167.4 million or $0.77 per diluted share for the prior period. Again, without the significant tax-related items for the year, net income was a $190.7 million, up 13.9% with earnings per share of $0.87, up 13%. Eddie will review in a few minutes the specifics on the negative impact of the Tax Act to our financials for the past quarter. All of our business lines experienced good growth in the quarter with residential up 6.9%, commercial pest control grew 5% and termite and ancillary rose 15.6%. In summary, 2017 was an excellent year for our company as we continue to execute our strategic plans and goals. These are initiated to our culture of continuous improvement in all we do. We remain committed to service improvement and employee development and are accomplishing both. In the past year, we had 12 international franchises to our network as we continue to increase our presence around the world; we also advanced our acquisition strategy having added Northwest Exterminating which was discussed in our last call in several small tuck-in acquisitions. We greatly improved our routing and scheduling capabilities resulting from the implementation of BOSS and its virtual route management features. John will elaborate on this shortly. Those of you are familiar with our company know that we recognize there's always room for improvement in all we do. We will continue to raise the bar in 2018 and look forward to taking our company to the next level. I’d like now to turn the call over to John Wilson, our Rollins’ COO and President.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. We are pleased to report the BOSS, our branch operating system, moved to full implementation for Orkin in 2017. And with this system in place we’re able to add the virtual route management software that has began to improve our technicians routing and scheduling of their customers. Many of the homes are technicians service are made of double income households, and as a result those customers expect reasonable and accurate arrival windows to accommodate their busy schedules. It is essential that our technicians are where they are supposed to be when they are supposed to be there. Scheduling is one the toughest tasks our people face due to constant and daily changes as new customers begin service or existing customers request an additional service or an appointment change. With the aid of this routing and scheduling tool we can improve delivery of our services to our customers by being there when they expect and want us to be. At the same time we are better able to build the most efficient schedules for our daily service. Further, this routing and scheduling tool has improved our miles driven which helps to offset any increase in fuel prices and vehicle-related costs. Our results today show reduction of average miles per stock by half mile. This may not sound like much until you multiply that by the more than 880,000 unique customer visits we perform each month. The 440,000 miles save both reduces wear and tear on our vehicles and saves our technicians thousands of hours of drive time. This effort also contributes to reduced accidents and lower employee turnover. But most importantly it improve our customer experience through better on-time service performance and living up to our promise of being there when we say we will be there. We will continue to move BOSS and the virtual route management capabilities forward and expect to see continued benefits during all of 2018 and beyond. For those of you that have followed the Rollins story for years you know that in 2010 we began enjoying revenue growth due to bed bugs. Since that time we have learned a lot about not only the revenue potential of this pest service, but the profitability of our offerings. Our marketing, sales and technical services groups have worked together over the past year to improve this service line and I'm pleased to announce the launch of our commercial ProAct bed bug offering. Orkin Bed Bug ProAct is an innovative proactive bed bug service developed specifically for the hospitality industry. ProAct creates an ongoing defense against bed bugs and hotel guest rooms that helps reduce the likelihood of costly bed bug infestations and lost customer revenue. The services performed by our trained specialists using residual products that create an effective barrier between service visits, which can now be scheduled as much as six months apart. The net takeaway with the ProAct in our testing is it reduces emergency service visits and hotel room downtime. We pinpointed three key benefits of ProAct that are unattainable with conventional bed bug service treatments; peace of mind, budget predictability and reputation management. 91% of hoteliers reported that they are worried about the impact of bed bug infestations. ProAct lessens the likelihood of an infestation putting their fears to rest and because ProAct is an ongoing yearly service these customers know upfront how much they would spent to prevent bed bugs, instead of on a more random case-by-case basis. Lastly, according to research, bed bugs sightings are the number one reason a guest would immediately switch hotels. And the biggest concern for hotel managers is negative word-of-mouth and reputation damage. By moving to prevent bed bug introductions from growing into an unmanageable infestation ProAct helps reduce the risk of negative online reviews and unwanted media coverage. We look forward to supporting our hospitality customers with this industry-leading service offerings scheme. I would now like to turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. We ended the year on a positive note with good growth in revenue and earnings in both pest control and termite. While the second half of the year had its challenges, we produce record-setting revenue, income and earnings per share. 2017 was a great transition year related to technology as John mentioned and has created a platform for continued improvement at Oregon as well as our other brands. With the signing of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act law, our tax provision went through some robust Q4 changes. As mentioned in our press release, we will review our numbers from the GAAP and non-GAAP perspective for this quarter and for the full year of 2017. Fourth quarter 2017 and full year 2017 results reflect the estimated negative impact of the enactment of the TCJA, which resulted in an $11.6 million charge of which $8 million was from transition tax on foreign earnings, $2.9 million was from deferred tax asset and 700,000 was from changes in tax on stock compensation or $0.06 per diluted share decrease in net income. Net income and diluted earnings per share excluding significant items are non-GAAP financial measures. For the quarter, all of our service line showed growth and key to the quarter included a significant one-time tax event, fastest growth rate since 2008 and strong international growth and profitability in all countries. Looking at the numbers the company reported fourth quarter revenue of $414.7 billion, an increase of 7.5% of the prior year's fourth quarter revenue of $385.6 million. Income before income taxes increased 30.5% to $68.5 million from $52.5 million in 2060. In 2016 we had a one-time expense items $9 billion related to our changes in our Canadian tax company. Net income was $33.7 million, down 11.2% from $38 million in 2016 and earnings per share were $0.15 for the quarter and $0.17 in 2016. We realized a 15.8% [ph] tax rate for the quarter significantly higher than our historic 37% rate due to the Tax Act. From an non-perspective for the fourth quarter net income increased 19.2% to $45.3 million with earnings per share of $0.21 versus $0.17 per diluted share last year in the fourth quarter, up 23.5%. Our revenue for the 12 months of $1.673 billion represents a 6.4% growth rate. Income before taxes was $294.5 million, up 13%. And from a GAAP perspective, net income was a $179.1 million, an increase of 7%. Earnings per share were $0.82, compared to $0.77 last year, up 6.5%. This total revenue growth is our highest since 2008. From an non-GAAP perspective for 12 months net income increased to $190.7 million, up 13.9% from $167.4 million in 2016. Earnings per share were $0.87 compared to $0.77 in 2016, up 13% increase. Let’s take a look at the revenue by service line for the fourth quarter. Our total revenue increase of 7.5% included 3.5% from several acquisitions of which Northwest Exterminating was the largest, and the remaining 4% was from pricing and organic growth. In total residential pest control which made up 41% of our revenue was up 6.9%, commercial pest control which made up 40% of our revenue was up 5%, termite and ancillary services which made up approximately 18% of our revenue was up 15.6%. The Northwest business contributed to this increase. Again total revenue, less acquisition was up 4%. From that residential was up 4.7%, commercial increased 3.9%, and termite and ancillary improved by 8.2%. When you take a look at the quarter taking out the impact of foreign currency in total we grew 7.5%, residential grew 6.7%, commercial pest control was up 4.3%, and termite and ancillary improves 16.2%. As we completed the year, our international operations finished on a high note with strong revenue and profit growth. In Australia our national presence and excellent service levels have enabled us to be involved in many national level tenders business. In addition to our initiatives we’ve been able to standardize pricing across the country. During this past year Canada expanded margin at the fastest rate in the last several years. In the U.K the Safeguard name continues to gain recognition and has enabled them to continue a pace of significant growth. As Gary mentioned in his opening, we had 12 new international franchises to which now totals 81 at the end of 2017. Each of these operations continues to grow in maturity which enables service levels to continue to improve and recurring revenue to grow. Our participation last year at the World Pest Day and our upcoming sponsorship of the Global Food Safety Conference in Tokyo will continue to elevate our brand around the globe. In total gross margin was flat to last year at 50% compared to the prior year as we incorporated Northwest Exterminating into our company. We experienced good cost control increasing our gross margin inserted salaries as we continue to improve efficiency and increase productivity from our technicians with the use of BOSS. We witness improved margins and administrative salaries as cost remain relatively flat to prior year, and we reduced insurance claims as we experience reduction in legal liabilities. The gains in productivity were offset by increases in materials and supplies as we spend more on termite product with our revenue growth, fleet expenses due to gasoline price increases and leased vehicle cost. Depreciation and amortization expense for the fourth quarter increased $1.1 million to $14.9 million, an increase of 8.1%. The depreciation portion has continued to subside with lapping of BOSS, but the amortization has increased with our M&A activity. Depreciation was $6.9 million decreasing 53,000 or $0.08 of a percent from last year. Amortization was $7.9 million which increased $1.1 million with amortization of intangible assets increasing due mostly to amortize customer contracts resulting from the purchase of various Orkin acquisitions throughout the year and Northwest Exterminating. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the quarter ended December 31, 2017 decreased $2.6 million or 2.1% compared to the prior year quarter. SG&A decreased to 29.8% of revenues compared to 32.8% for the prior year. The primary driver for the reduction was the one-time tax event to dissolve the subsidiary Kinro Investment Company in 2016. The fourth quarter 2016 SG&A expense increased by $9.1 million or $0.06 of a percentage point due to the one-time tax event that was offset by a credit and income tax expense. Other marginal decreases were to administrative salaries, sales salaries and personnel related expenses. The company experienced increased expense margin and professional services as we used outside contractors for various projects, maintenance and repair due to maintenance contracts on various IT upgrades and fleet expense. As per as our cash position for the 12 months ended December 31, 2017, we spent $130.2 million on acquisitions and a $122 million on dividends, an increase of 12%. We had $24.7 million capital expenditures which was down 25.4% from 2016 primarily from the completion of the BOSS project and ended with a $107.1 million in cash, down 25% from last year. As a reminder, we used all cash for our acquisition of Northwest Exterminating. As mentioned in our press release we anticipate having a significantly lower tax rate for all of 2018. Our historic rate of 37% will be reduced in the mid-20s and we will see further clarity as we know more details. In addition as we saw in 2017 our first quarter 2018 rate should be reduced even further due to the impact of the stock-based compensation plan. At this time we do not plan to repatriate any cash, but we’ll continue to look for opportunity to put this to use in our ongoing international operations and used for expansion opportunities. As far as the tax savings from the lower 2018 rate, we will continue to assess other opportunities related to our business, our shareholders and our employees. From a business perspective one way that we would use the savings will be in the area of technology projects. Based on our success in the U.S. with efficiency gains and improved routing and scheduling we’ve made the decision to roll out our BOSS technology to Orkin Canada. The development and rollout will take most of 2018 and should contribute in 2019. And will be a financial event for us in either late 2018 or 2019. We will keep you posted on the impact in future quarters. We are very excited of the possibilities of BOSS that BOSS presents for us in our Orkin Canada. And finally from a shareholders perspective, last night the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.14 per share that will be paid on March 9, 2018, the stockholders of record at the close of business February 9, 2018. The cash dividend is a 21.7% increase over the prior year. This is the largest percent increase since 2010. And this also marks the 16th consecutive year the board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. I’ll now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins : Thank you, Eddie. We are happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from David Polansky with Lowell, Blake & Associates.
David Polansky: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hello.
Gary Rollins: Yes. Hello.
David Polansky: Hi. Can you hear me?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Good morning, Dave.
David Polansky: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you guys were seeing any pickup during the quarter from the natural disasters from Q3. And if there’s any flow-through from that?
Gary Rollins: Well, we know that from Q3 to Q4 we had a lot more of our customers that were up and running or had their personal situation that improved during Q4. For those that were impacted by Hurricanes and things like that when a home is either destroyed in a worst-case scenario or is greatly impacted, they’re going to met our services, that’s not going to be something that’s a priority to them. To add those recovery efforts that continued, we continue to see more for our customers coming back to us in Q4.
David Polansky: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Joe Box: So incremental margins came in a little bit better than where they were at last quarter, but at 24% that was just a little bit below what we were thinking. Can you maybe just talk about if there was a sort of residual hurricane impact or carryover there? Or so it just be a mix factor related to taking in more termite business?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Joe, I think we were pretty much done with the hurricane impacts. I would say in Q4 it wasn’t really a prime situation from a weather perspective immediately a lot of areas that were shutdown and I think that impacted some things that we had to go above and beyond from a cost perspective in some areas because of that weather. And I think there was a little bit impact with that, but I'm not sure that we know exactly what the total amount that would be as far as the number that you were thinking that would be.
Joe Box: I mean, I guess, was there anything else in the numbers that would have cause the incremental margin to maybe a little bit light versus high 20s, low 30s?
Gary Rollins: There was nothing else this material
Joe Box: Okay. And again, I know its not your practice to give guidance, but I guess, in an effort to get everybody on the same page for 1Q, should we think about the tax rate going to the mid 20s in 1Q, and then we should exclude the additional tailwind from share-based comp. What do you think that should all be lumped into together?
Eddie Northen: I think for the full year 2018 we’re going to be in the mid-20s and I think Q1 will be slightly better than that because of the share-based compensation.
Joe Box: Do you have a sense what the share comp could be? Maybe as a percent or as a dollar value to give us a sense or no?
Eddie Northen: I don’t have that calculated. I’m sure we can go back and look at the impact that we have for 2017. We know what’s our historic rate was for 2017 and then the impact we saw in Q1 from that. I just don’t have that in front of me, Joe.
Joe Box: Okay. I’m sorry, just one more quick one if you don’t mind. Can you maybe just talk about where cash taxes were in 2017 and what your expectation is then for cash tax in 2018?
Eddie Northen: Again, we don’t have anything broken out on that as far as any specifics are concerned. The only specifics that we’ve gone through and we’ve looked at has to do with our deferred tax, our foreign assets and with our pension, those are the only things that we’ve broken out specifically. So I’d have to get back you with any other specifics on that.
Joe Box: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we’ll take our next question from Sean Kennedy with Nomura Instinet.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Kennedy : Good morning, gentlemen. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On termite growth, 8% growth ex M&A is certainly impressive and I’ve noticed that it's been accelerating about 100 bps per year the past few years. Is there anything strategically that management is doing to accelerate that growth overtime? Have the catalysts been success at HomeTeam?
Gary Rollins: Yes. HomeTeam is going to be a part of that, Sean. But John has got some thoughts on that as well.
John Wilson : Yes, Sean. Certainly termite has been accelerating, much of it is been related to our ancillary offerings. Termite demand in our industry for traditional termite services has been down over recent years, but we’ve added to our line, our people -- in a real effort originally that’s keep them busy and more productivity in the off seasons. But as termite demand has slowed it certainly helped us in the other seasons – other quarters as well, but that’s been a huge part of it. Our ancillary offerings is really what's sort of driving some of that.
Sean Kennedy : And could you call out a few of your, I guess, leading offerings?
Gary Rollins: Sean, could you say it again, I was I was interrupting, sorry about that.
Sean Kennedy : Sorry. No, I was just asking, could you maybe call out a couple of your leading ancillary offerings. Is that an example?
Gary Rollins: Yes. So something like installation in a home that has pest offerings in it that helps you reduce the pest opportunity is an example something there. But termite as we’ve talked about its not growing as fast as pest control is. But it still growing for us, but to John’s point we have these other items that are also able to keep some of our termite folks more productive as they are out. So they’re able to out beat the part of termite job and also have opportunities in some of these other areas as well.
Sean Kennedy : Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Gary Rollins: Does that help?
Sean Kennedy : Yes, definitely.
Gary Rollins: Great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Gary Rollins: Rollins are excited about the opportunities for 2018 and we very much appreciate your interesting in our company and look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR  Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO Eddie Northen - VP and CFO and Treasurer John Wilson - President and COO
Analysts: Jamie Clement - Macquarie Joe Box - KeyBanc
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112, with the passcode 4560105. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2017 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we’ll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We posted record results for the quarter as well as our 46th consecutive quarter of improved revenues and profits. For the quarter revenues grew 6.2% to $450.4 million, compared to $424 million for the same period last year. Income before taxes rose 3.2% to 82.6 million compared to 80 million with the third quarter of 2016. Net income rose 3.6% to $51.4 million or $0.24 per diluted share compared to $49.7 or $0.23 per diluted share for the same quarter last year.  Revenues for the first nine months grew 6% to $1.254 billion, compared to $1.183 billion for the same period last year. Net income increased 12.4% to $145.4 million with earnings per share of $0.67per diluted share, compared to $129.4 million or $0.59 per diluted share for the prior year period. In the third quarter all of our business lines experience growth with residential up 6.1%, commercial pest control grew 4.9% and termite and ancillary rose 10.1%. We were disappointed however with the impact to profitability and revenue at hurricane Harvey on several of the company’s branches and regions, South West in North Texas, South Central Commercial or Huston Metro, North Texas, Oklahoma Louisiana and Mississippi. These areas were negatively impacted by previous articulating preparation flood conditions, closed branches and our inability to service many of our customers.  Hurricane Irma followed starting at the end of August with a summer effect in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi again and Louisiana again. John and Eddie will provide more detail on this subject but I want to personally acknowledge how proud we're of our employees and their response to our customers during these two natural disasters. While all personnel were safe thankfully, many endured significant hardships in selling experience property damage of their own. Good dedication in getting our operations back up and running is admirable. We have some good news, on August 1, 2017, we completed the acquisition of Northwest Exterminating. Northwest was established in 1951 by the Phillips family and serves approximately 120,000 customers in Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, North Carolina and South Carolina. The purchase of this outstanding company will expand our presence in the Southeast. Northwest provides significant opportunity both for Rollins and Northwest to grow and learn from each other. We see many benefits from this combination. I would now like to turn the call over to John Wilson. John?
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. When we lose access to our customers and employees even temporarily it affects our business tremendously. 100s of our associates and thousands of our customers across multiple brands and businesses were impacted by these storms. In several states as Gary indicated we experienced damaged operations and the ability of our employees to service many of their customers. Our team members were dealing with close roads and flooded highways that the impact of their ability to reach and safely service those customers and many of the impacted branch areas. During our highest impacts day 55 of our branches were closed. As an example, our mason Florida branch was without power for two weeks after the storm passed. We are pleased however that our people were unharmed; many of those who were involved were compensated although they were unable to work. The wellbeing our employees is always the top priority for us. Those of you familiar with our company may remember that in 2015 we announced the Rollins employee relief fund, or REIF. This is a nonprofit organization which we set up to make funds available to employees facing tragedies such as natural disasters like these, and medical emergencies or other crises. Over the past several weeks the REIF committee has worked earnestly reviewing situations and issuing emergency grants to dozens of Rollins employees affected by Harvey and Irma. I want to personally thank this committee for their support of our employees during the time of need. Most of our locations in Texas Florida and another areas in the south east are back up and running normally. All of these locations were finding other ways to support customers based on what their particular needs may be. In some cases, we are providing moisture remediation services to homes with serious flood damage. For others we will be reapplying termite protective barriers due to flooding and for many others we are providing mosquito services in the areas primarily where standing water exists. It is also noteworthy that BOSS our new branch operating system was a major benefit to us during these times. It allowed us to run our business remotely communicate with customers close our books and locations directly impacted by flooding and other storm related factors that caused to close branches. Even though we wish that we had not needed this flexibility, we are pleased to find via another benefit from our BOSS investment. Given the challenges that our people faced our operations performed well, but we all look forward to getting business back to normal. Speaking of BOSS with the [contending] maturation of that system and virtual route management in our operations our branch locations are changing the way they do things pretty dramatically. We have made brief references in the past or [4.2.0] which is what we're calling these transforms branch locations. As technology continues to be added and transactional work has reduced, we're more able to have the front-line branch support teams concentrate on an improved customer experience and a more timely and accurate routing and scheduling of our technicians.  We anticipate these changes to be fully rolled out to all branches by Q2 of 2018. Some of the positive outcomes that we have witnessed today are improved communication with customers including more frequent one call resolution, fewer incoming calls to our branch locations as our customers are more certain of their schedules, technicians driving less miles, which translates to better customer care and better technician work life balance. And service mangers spending more time outside of the branch, couching and mentoring technicians to name a few.  As we continue to mature in this area, we believe that these efforts will enable us to continue to see margin expansion in the coming quarters. I would now like to turn the call over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. I also want to add my thanks to all the Rollins employees that helped during the hurricanes. Along with John I want to thank the members of our employee relief fund committee, who showed tremendous diligence and support as they always do for those in need. While we celebrated new growth through the addition of our latest specialty brand partner Northwest Exterminating, in the same quarter we saw demand greatly subside in the most impacted areas from the storm.  While we normally refrain from discussing weather on these calls extreme weather does impact our customers and employees. When home or businesses are destroyed or significantly damaged our service deliver is not a priority.  Even in the face of the storms adversity, we thanks to the support of our operations team, we were still able to set record profits and revenue in Q3. For the quarter all of our service lines showed growth and improvements keys to the quarter included integration of Northwest Exterminating into our company, demand and costs impacts related to the storms and as John mentioned accelerated BOSS, branch transformation and implementation.  Looking at the numbers the company recorded third quarter revenues of 450.4 million an increase of 6.2% over the prior year's third quarter revenue of 424 million. We closed on Northwest Exterminating on August 1st to realize two months of added revenue. For the third quarter as I mentioned our revenue and expenses were negatively impacted.  Income before income tax increased 3.2% to $82.6 million. Net income increased 3.6% to $51.4 million the difference related to positive tax credit and earnings per share was up 4.3% to $0.24 versus $0.23 per diluted share last year in the third quarter. Our revenue for the first nine months of $1.259 billion is at 6% growth rate. Income before taxes was $226 million up 8.6% and net income was 135.4 million an increase of 12.4%. Earnings per share were $0.67 compared to $0.59 last year up 13.6%.  Let’s take a look to the revenue by service lines for the third quarter. Our total revenue increase of 6.2% included 2.3% from several acquisitions of which northwest was the largest, and the remaining 3.9% was from pricing and organic growth. This 3.9% of organic growth is in line with our 2014 and 2015 growth rates.  In total residential pest control, which made up 43% of our revenue was up 6.1%. Commercial pest control, which made up 39% of our revenue was up 4.9% and termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 17% of our revenue was up 10.1%. Again, total revenue less acquisitions was up 3.9%, and from that residential was up 4.2%, commercial increased 3.9% and termite improved 3.3%. When you take a look at the quarter taking out the impact of foreign currency in total we grew 5.7% residential grew 6%, commercial pest control was up 3.2% and termite improved 10.5%. Many of you have asked about the impact of severe weather on pest populations as we move forward in time. Coincidently we recently had a meeting with Doctor Eric Benson, Professor of Entomology at Clemson University who is renowned for his study of ants. Doctor Benson shares that following hurricanes [indiscernible] in 1989, there was a significant increase later in the ant population. he surmised that their breeding was enhanced due to trees that had come down across the state. Additionally, many other pests have new moisture laden areas that creates prime environments for pest population expansion.  Finally, our critter control and [indiscernible] tech people advised that when areas are severally storm disrupted the natural wildlife often are forced to move to different areas, which sometime include where people live and work. Animals such as raccoons, possums, bats and others become more visible as they seek new surroundings. As a result, our critter control business should see increased demand. Overall as a result of the hurricanes we believe that our customers' needs in this regard will increase in the coming months because of these factors. Another of the pest that will be impacted by weather disruptions are rodents. Dr. Beavers our Managing director of Technical Services and his team have ongoing testing related to new technology and products related to rodent management and rodent control. This team is involved in different stages of testings of dozens of different products and technology and we will continue to move forward with properly tested embedded options for our different customers' needs. We are hopeful that we will find better methods for rodent management in the future. As a result, as Rollins has done successfully throughout the years the integration of Northwest has begun. Communication is such an important piece of any integration. John and our team along with the Phillips family hit the road to get in front of the Northwest team members and to welcome them to Rollins. This group has 23 meetings at 21 locations in eight days. The results were very positive. From a business and integration perspective we have already started the process of margin improvement at Northwest by adopting better materials and supply purchasing using our vehicle leasing discounts and sharing revenue opportunities as well. An example is that Northwest serviced a large regional retail customer and had previously outsourced locations where Northwest did not have a branch presence. Working branches have replaced those previously outsourced locations, which will help to ensure a more consistent customer experience for this account.  In total, gross margin declined slightly to 51.4% for the third quarter compared to 51.5% in 2016. Our reduction in revenue from the storm combined with additional cost related to the storms and expenses related to integrating Northwest impacted the margin. For the quarter we benefited from improved efficiencies in routing and scheduling with the continued reduction in miles which help to lower salaries as a percent of revenue. The gains the company experienced were offset by higher personal lead cost from incorporating acquisition additional fleet expense which increase due to higher fuel prices and higher vehicle cost. And materials and supplies which were higher as we encored, as we increased our term line [batting] with the addition of Northwest.  Depreciation and amortization expenses for the third quarter increased $1.2 million to $14.3 million, an increase of 9.4%. The depreciation portion has continued to subside with the lapping of BOSS but the amortization has increased with our M&A activity. Depreciation was $6.8 million increasing $354,000 with most of that increase related to our BOSS software, iPhone and printer depreciation. Amortization was $7.5 million, which increased $876,000 with amortization of intangibles assets increasing due mostly to amortize customer contract of the acquisition of various Murray acquisitions made throughout the year and Northwest Exterminating.  Sales, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter increased $9.5 million or 7.6% to 30% of revenues up four times of the percentage point from 29.6% for the third quarter of last year. The increase in the percent of revenue is due to high sales commissions related to increase revenue including Northwest and higher planned outside contractor cost to support continued BOSS and virtual route management enhancement. The increases will partially offset by an efficiencies and administrative salaries as a percent of revenues.  As for our cash position for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 we spent 128 million on acquisition and 75 million on dividend an increase of 14.8%. We had 17 million of capital expenditures which was down 30% from 2016 primarily from the completion of the BOSS project and ended with a 113.4 million in cash down 18.6% from last year. As a reminder we use all cash for our acquisition of Northwest Exterminating.  Last night the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.115 per share and a special dividend of $0.10 per share that will be paid on December11, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business November 10, 2017. The regular cash dividend is a 15% increase over the prior year. This marks the 15th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. We're off to a good start in the quarter to finish the year on a strong note and to successfully integrate Northwest Exterminating.  I’ll now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are happy to take your questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from [indiscernible] with Nomura. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: So, can you maybe discuss how quickly will you see the organic growth accelerate because of the hurricane? And then I have a follow up.
Gary Rollins: I have talked a little bit about some of the things from an entomology perspective that we will see overtime. I don’t know if we ever had two storms of this magnitude back to back, Katrina I think would be the only thing that we could compare that to which John was very involved with at that point and time. So, we know from an entomology perspective we are going to see growth in the future in these areas, but I would say -- during John's prepared remarks that he talked about some of the other different activities that the operations have going on separate from what our normal pest control may be. I think the other part of that is going to be as the residences and as the businesses will get back up and running that’s when our services will be needed and I don’t know any of us know exactly that will look like over the coming months.
Eddie Northen: I might add again it's really hard to quantify early on after these events what we have is one-time service revenue that we gain and much I talked about was that. As the areas rebuild as home owners rebuild as businesses rebuild then we start to add customers in a recurring fashion which is the organic revenue growth that we are looking for.
Unidentified Analyst: And then my last question is, can you may be quantifying the impact of the deleverage of the hurricane or maybe also of the M&A, so what would margins look like [indiscernible].
Gary Rollins: We are not going to break that out. These are big competitive markets for us. So, we are not going to break that out because that would give a lot of clarity as far as our total revenue and profitability in those areas. It's well into the millions and the quarter would have looked much more normal, had we not had these storms.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jamie Clement with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jamie Clement: I just wanted to be clear on what the metric was with respect to these community's cleanup activities and these kinds of things, I would have to assume that -- I would have assumed that you have 55 branches still down but are some branches still down or would you expect some residual impact from all this in the fourth quarter, I would imagine you have to right?
John Wilson: Yes, I'll take that. This is John Wilson. All branches are back up and running, I'll mention the number of 55 that was the peak and that was really only a day or two or three.  Our most heavily impacted branch, I would determine would be Key West Florida and so that branch is been pretty decimated, the rest are up in running and taking care of their customers as they, as they can and ready to accept our services, as you can well imagine when you have your roof torn apart, that’s a much higher power taking your pest control service. So that’s sort of where we are and it will be slow [bill] back to where we were. 
Jamie Clement: Okay and Eddie again, is the message that you know, you guys impression of the impact of this storm was it, we would have seen a Q3 very similar kind from year-over-year perspective in the growth rate and profitability that we would have seen it. In Q3, we would have seen a similar number what we saw in the first half of this year, is that kind of what we're hearing from you guys. 
Eddie Northen: It would have been much post to that Jamie, taking the consideration also the acquisition of Northwest and bringing that revenue on but we also, make sense that we related that as well. I think if you factor that in and net all that together, I think your statement is probably very fair. 
Gary Rollins: I would like to just add this, and John touched on it and it's hard to put a figure on it but based on our past experience, there will be quite a few termites what we call boosters done, where customers and non-customers will have to renew their termite barrier, the states typically send out the bulletin to the consumers that indicate that the termite barriers at risk, it's very difficult to measure that but this is again a key learning that we had from past hurricanes. John touched on the mosquito situation and we think we're going give a nice uptake in mosquitoes where we still have stand water and Houston still has standing water. And our moisture and [mildew] abetment, these homes that were flooded are going to have to have the structures treated a rest, the mold and mildew, so there is some positive if you want to look at that it comes from this, but it's very difficult for us to put a number to that. 
Jamie Clement: Garry I'm glad you brought that you, I do have a question about that, if a home is a [indiscernible] termite customer and the land was flooded brutally and that kind of, is it their responsibility to repay you to treat the outside of the home or do you have to go back and do it on the company’s dime. 
Gary Rollins: No, its really the home owner's responsibility but we really do it at just about a cost basis, this is a terrible situation itself into our customers and we don’t want to feel like we are preying upon it. So, they really get a tremendous benefit but as I say the state support this activity, so this isn’t really something that’s inappropriate, it is just obvious that if your surrounding yard is under deep little water for two days, you're going to have a deterioration of the termite barrier. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our next question from Joe Box with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Box: apologize obviously there is a lot of questions around just on hurricane impact but I do want to drill down because you guys aren’t explicitly quantifying the impact. Eddie just to go back to your comment that the quarter would have looked much more normal. I guess is it fair to assume that normal is something in the tune of about 5% organic growth and then an incremental operating margin in the tune of about 30% to 40% which is what we saw in the first half of the year?
Eddie Northen: I would say as long as you are take in consideration the northwest acquisition and again expenses we have related to that and getting them -- seeing them up and running then I would say it would be much close and your staking will be very close and true.
Joe Box: So, on that front I think you called that what $800,000 of incremental amortization?
Eddie Northen: I believe so.
Joe Box: What were the other integration expenses that we should think about?
Eddie Northen: Well we had legal that was the big part of that. We had other things having to do with some compensation plans that we put in place, that we are not going to breakdown and disclose. Those are the main items.
Joe Box: So, are we thinking $2 million box of Northwest items, if you would ex that out you would kind of be that incremental operating margin of 30 to 40?
Eddie Northen: I think that’s fair.
Joe Box: Should we think about there being a cost carryover in the 4Q I think that was a good color on how the expense would work for a termite rebuild but is there any sort of cost that we should be prepared for 4Q?
Eddie Northen: I don’t believe so. I think that worse part is behind us to Johns point we do have a couple of branches that have been much more decimated than others, he mentioned Key West, Naples Florida was the same. But I think for the most part the rest of them are back up and running the expense that we had were the preparation for the hurricane in some cases moving vehicles closing buildings up. After the hurricane we had some building repair we had some other different things that had to go on. But I believe all of that has passed us, I don’t think we are going to have any issues as of right now that we know of having to do with any of the storms. 
Joe Box: And then lastly for me, John can you maybe talk about the trajectory of margin improvement from installation of this new BOSS module that you are putting in place. I'm just curious if we are getting to a point where maybe we could start to see accelerating margin improvement a margin potential or is it just a steady stream of margin potential as you work through all the different modules that you are installing.
Eddie Northen: Hey Joe let me jump in before John gives you some color. So, this isn’t necessarily a new module this is a [audio gap] improved customer retention that’s really what we are after.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Gary Rollins: Thank you for joining us. We look forward to reporting on our fourth quarter and our year end results and share accomplishments in January. In the meantime, we are wishing you and your family the best for the holidays. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek – Investor Relations Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eddie Northen – Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer John Wilson – President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets Joan Tong – Sidoti Jamie Clement – Macquarie
Operator: Please standby. Good day and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112, with the passcode 4118006. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today and presenting are Gary Rollins, Rollins’ Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Wilson, Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer; and Eddie Northen, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2017 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we’ll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We were pleased to have posted record results for the quarter as well as our 45th consecutive quarter of improved revenues and profits. For the quarter revenues grew 5.5% to $433.6 million, compared to $411.1 million for the same period last year. Net income before taxes rose 11.9% to $86.1 million, compared to $77 million for the second quarter of 2016. Net income rose 12.4% to $53.7 million or $0.25 per diluted share, compared to $47.8 million or $0.22 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. In the second quarter all of our business lines experienced good growth with residential of 5.9%, commercial pest control grew 5.1% and termite and ancillary rose 6.1%. Revenues for the first six months grew 5.9% to $808 million, compared to $763.9 million for the same period last year. Net income increased 17.9% to $93.9 million. EPS of $0.43 per diluted share, compared to $79.7 million or $0.36 per diluted share. John and Eddie will provide greater detail in a moment. I want to personally express how pleased we were to have announced yesterday our acquisition of Northwest Exterminating, Inc. We have all admired Northwest, their management team and accomplishments and believe they will be an exceptional addition to Rollins. Founded by the Phillips family in 1951 and headquartered on the outskirts of Atlanta and Marietta, Georgia. Northwest has been servicing the Southeast Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, North Carolina and South Carolina for over 65 years. We look forward to working with the Phillips family and the Northwest Inc. During the quarter, we were also pleased to have expanded Orkin’s presence internationally by adding six new franchises in Central America, South America and Southeast Asia. These franchises are located in Nicaragua, Lima, Peru, Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and in Jakarta, Indonesia. We now have 76 franchises located around the world, building our Orkin brand. The new franchises will offer commercial and residential pest control as well as termite services where appropriate. The franchisees will receive their initial training at our award winning training center here in Atlanta, and they will receive ongoing training at their home location. As a people business, we believe the ability to advance and poise within our organization is important for the continued success of our company. In early May, we were therefore pleased to announce that Beth Chandler, Vice President and General Counsel has now assumed oversight for the Rollins Internal Audit department. One side with this Beth will also be serving on our Executive Steering Committee. Beth joined Rollins in 2013 as General Counsel and her role was later expanded to include the Risk Management group. And as I mentioned, we’re now adding the Internal Audit group to her responsibilities. This alignment provides stronger coordination between risk, legal and audit all with the focus of improving our fiduciary compliance. Congratulations are in order for Beth and we look forward to her future contributions. I’ll now turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. I too want to say how pleased we are to welcome Northwest Exterminating to the Rollins family of brand. The company has an excellent reputation and provides residential and commercial services including eco-friendly pest control and termite control solutions, Wildlife Services for animal control and removal and mosquito and bed bug services in each of the five states in which they operate. For their fiscal year ended 2016 Northwest recorded revenues of over $50 million. The company has 23 locations and 500 plus team members serving approximately 120,000 customers. Their revenue and customer base will significantly increase our market share in the Southeast. As Gary stated earlier Northwest is a company we have been attracted too for a long time. Their people, their culture and their commitment to quality service are all attributes that we value, when we look for the right company to add to our team. As we have successfully done in the past our plan is to support their impressive results by sharing best practices with one another. Northwest will be identifying areas of synergies that they can leverage are being part of Rollins. The addition of Northwest fits our strategic model and profile for acquiring leading regional pest control companies that will strengthen our company. We know that in the highly competitive service industry, a company’s positive culture helps create the environment for customer and employee retention. When you get the culture right, like Northwest obviously has, their team members drive customer loyalty and subsequently provides exceptional organic growth. Simply put a company like Northwest is an ideal fit for Rollins and aligns perfectly with our long-term business philosophy and strategy. As demonstrated in the past, Rollins has long distinguished itself acquisition wise by retaining key management, which helps us improve the overall business. Northwest Exterminating is no exception. The Phillips family with its third generations of family members, Steve – Stephen and Stanford Philips along with their impressive and highly tenure management team will continue to lead the Northwest operations. We are delighted to have them and all their employees as part of the Rollins group of leading pest control brand. People and people development are paramount to the future of our company. Rollins leadership is fully cognizant at this and we have stepped this as a top priority for our organization. Last quarter I talked about our employee on-boarding process. In future quarters I’m going to talk more about this as well as our employee development initiatives. We will be investing a lot of time and energy in these areas to ensure that we attract and retain the best employees possible across all areas of our business. I will now turn the call back over to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. Growing our business in the Rollins brand is always exciting for our company. When we look back over the acquisition through the years each time we have grown our top line revenue, customer count, net income and expanded our margin. We believe with Northwest that pattern will continue in a very positive way. I would also like to add my welcome for the team members at Northwest. When our family first moved to Atlanta four years ago, it was Northwest that knocked on our door and provided excellent pest control and termite services. The only sad thing for my family about my move to Rollins was having to part way with our Northwest test technicians. But as a side note, my wife does now love for Orkin technicians, so it worked out okay. I know first-hand that they are a quality company and how incredible their team members are at serving the customer. Well growing the business this way is exciting, our bread and butter is still our consistent recurring organic growth that John mentioned and it’s a great area that Northwest has done extremely well. For the quarter all of our service lines showed balance improvement and key to the quarter included strong organic growth, continued margin expansion tied to BOSS and virtual route management and an ongoing positive tax impact due to accounting standards update ASU 2016-09 related to our stock-based compensation. Looking at the numbers the company reported second quarter revenues of $433.6 million an increase of 5.5% over the prior year’s second quarter revenues of $411.1 million. For the quarter income before income taxes increased 11.9% to $86.1 million. Net income increased 12.4% to $53.7 million with earnings per share of 13.6% to $0.25 versus $0.22 per diluted share last year in the second quarter. Our revenue for the first six months was $808.8 million and that’s a 5.9% growth rate. That number is directly in line with our 2016 full year growth rate. Income before taxes was up $143.4 million up 11.9% and net income was $94 million an increase of 17.9%. As a reminder our Q1 net income was positively impacted by the stock-based compensation tax changes. Earnings per share were $0.43 compared to $0.36 last year up 19.4%. Operation has absorbed the increased summer demand extremely well. Let’s take a look to the revenue by service lines for the second quarter. Our total revenue increase of 5.5% included 6.1% from acquisition and the remaining 4.9% was organic growth. This organic growth rate is the best Q2 growth rate in five years. In total residential pest control, which made up 42% of our revenue was up 5.9%. Commercial pest control, which made up 39% of our revenue was up 5.1%. And termite and ancillary services, which made up approximately 19% of our revenue was up 6.1%. The lapping of Murray Pest Control in Australia had a slight impact on the overall growth rate. The total revenue less acquisition was up 4.9% from that residential was up 6%, commercial increased 3.6% and termite and ancillary improved by 6%. When you take a look at the quarter, taking out the impact of foreign exchange in total we grew 5.2%, residential grew 6.1%, commercial pest control was up 3.9% and termite improved 6.4%. Well our field team performed very well this quarter, our marketing group continues to do an outstanding job creating demand and it’s a key reason for our strong organic growth. This month our Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer Kevin Smith invited me to tag along for a meeting with Google in Silicon Valley to take a look at our current initiatives in the phase of digital marketing and learn about opportunities related to demand creation moving forward. We learned a lot of the visit and while we may not be adding fan volleyball courts or net pots to our Atlanta office anytime soon. We did get a chance for some other great takeaway as we assess the market while expanding our use of technology. A key takeaway was our ability to continue to enhance our digital footprint with a goal of improving access for our customers with special emphasis on enriched mobile format experience. This is a great example of the bold forward thinking by our marketing team that has sustained our growth over the past several years. As we assess these technology updates we will keep you updated. In total, gross margin improved to 52.8% for the second quarter compared to 52.3% in 2016. The margin for the quarter benefited from improved efficiencies in routing and scheduling in technology, which also helps us increase productivity and to lower payroll as a percent of revenue. The gains that we experienced were partially offset by higher fuel prices and leads to be eco-cost. While the cost per gallon increased the miles driven per vehicle were down a little over 4%. We believe this is in part the result of the improved efficiency from our enhanced routing and scheduling through the virtual route management system. We expect to continue to see these benefits overtime. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the second quarter increased $1.2 million to $13.5 million, an increase of 9.7%. This percent increase will continue to subside as we lap our 2016 rollout of the BOSS initiative. Depreciation was $6.7 million increasing $713,000 with most of that increase related to our BOSS software, iPhone and printer depreciation. Amortization was $6.9 million, which increased $484,000 with amortization of intangibles assets increasing due mostly to amortize contract – customer contract of the acquisition of Murray Pest Control, and Scientific Pest Control in Australia, as well as various Orkin acquisitions throughout the year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter increased $3.1 million or 2.5% to 29.9% of revenues down 9.1 percentage point from 30.8% for the second quarter of last year. The decrease in the percent of revenue is due to lower administrative salaries as a percent of revenues, which continues to see incremental gains from the BOSS project. As planned the company experience increased sales salaries, sales promotion and advertising expenses directed towards increasing sales and revenue. As for our cash position for the six months ended June 30, 2017 we spent over $6 million on acquisition and $50 million on dividend, an increase of 14.7%. We had $11.2 million of capital expenditures, which was down 39.1% from 2016 primarily from the completion of the BOSS project. Rollins ended with $194.8 million in cash up 54.1% from last year. A large portion of our cash balance will be used for the Northwest acquisition, but by no means would this limit our ability or apatite to continue to pursue good quality pest control and wildlife companies like Northwest as we move forward. As you’re probably aware, we hold $175 million line of credit and a $75 million credit sub facility that we would be willing and ready to use for the right opportunity. For many years Rollins has been considered the acquirer of choice, for many family owned companies. We feel that we are in a great position to continue to deploy capital to get the best return for our shareholders. From 2004 through 2010 the majority of our acquisition opportunity was only in the U.S. with the purchases of Western IFC, HomeTeam, Crane, Waltham and Trutech all of which are still run as independent brand. By expanding our pool for M&A opportunity outside of U.S. Pest Control, we’ve been able to continue to add quality company to our portfolio services in Australia and the UK. Our entry into the wildlife industry here in the U.S. also has provided great expansion opportunities. Let’s circle back to get some further details on Northwest from a financial perspective. Northwest historic growth rate is above our overall Rollins historic growth rate and we see that continuing by increasing prices, expanding sales of general pest to existing termite customers, continuing to grow the commercial pest services business, continuing to grow the mosquito service offering and possible geographic expansion. As stated earlier, we will run Northwest as a standalone company in our specialty brand category. As we look to make margin improvement our guiding principle when assessing our cost saving synergy is to first and foremost consider what is best for our new team members and their customers. We always want to make sure we are making things better. With this in mind we will evaluate opportunities in our back office support, utilizing Rollins’ purchasing advantage on materials and supplies, and we’re appropriate using Rollins’ negotiated rates for vehicle and telephone just to name a few. As is the case in most pest control acquisition there were little intangible assets that will be acquired from Northwest. From an accounting perspective the majority of what we book, will be goodwill and customer contract. As a result, we will record an annual non-cash charge of approximately $5 million in amortization and interest expense. This will minimize our accretion in 2017, but we feel that it will add between $0.005 and $0.01 in 2018. Last night the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.115 per share that will be paid on September 11, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business August 10, 2017. The cash dividend is a 15% increase over the prior year. We are pacing to have the 15th consecutive year that the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. Our continued organic growth coupled with our profit improvement and this excellent new partnership with Northwest have us well positioned for an excellent 2017. I’ll now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We’ll be happy to answer any questions that you might have at this time.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe Box: Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
Eddie Northen: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Box: So, thanks for giving some color on Northwest. I appreciate that. Obviously this was a sizable deal. I was hoping maybe you could put some additional parameters around the transaction maybe in terms of margin profile, multiple-paid and then I don’t know if you can give any color on what the breakdown would be between commercial, residential and termite. What is the comparison if it’s heavier or lighter relative to your current book of business?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Joe. So from a competitive perspective we’re not going to give a lot of details of the deal. This is a sizable acquisition. In the press release, we talked about their 2016 reported revenues of over $50 million. So this is our largest deal that we’ve done since HomeTeam. Their growth rate as I mentioned in my prepared remarks are better than our overall Rollins historic growth rate. Margins are going to help us overall. When you take a look at the business, the business is structured a lot like the HomeTeam business, they have – Northwest have an excellent relationships with a lot of builders, which has really enabled them to really have a foothold in the residential and the termite area of the business. So, I think from a structure perspective, you’re going to see a little bit more weights in those areas, which have been very positive for us from a HomeTeam perspective.
Joe Box: Got it. I guess with the business operating separately aside from just back office and probably some procurement savings that you guys could pick up. Can you just talk to maybe how you plan to leverage Northwest?
John Wilson: I think the fact that there are great brands in the Southeast, their growth rates again have been significantly better than our overall growth rates. So adding them to the Rollins brand of family, this is going to be an excellent – I mean excellent opportunity. From a tax perspective, it’s positive for us to structure the deal, within a very tax effective manner, which is going to enable us to amortize the intangibles over a period of time from a tax perspective. So for the financial side it’s going to be positive. And it’s another brand in the Rollins family of brand. This is going to continue to help us growth.
Joe Box: Last one from me, kind of changing gears. Just sort of dig into the 43% incremental EBIT margin in 2Q. Can you maybe just help us understand how much of that incremental margin tailwind came from your traditional price volume improvement that you saw in the quarter? Whereas how much of the benefit maybe came from the BOSS tailwinds?
John Wilson: Well, I think the BOSS tailwinds continue to improve. I think every quarter, we’re seeing improvements that are coming from the routing and scheduling, which is tag onto BOSS. We’re seeing improvements in the area of retention and certain pockets that have been on the longest, which of course is helping on the revenue side. So, pricing continues to be consistent, we are seeing good consistent pricing over the last now probably seven years. So I think that’s a help for us. But I think the BOSS project overall, as we had said, that we felt it will continue to pick up theme and we’ll continue to see the benefits from that.
Joe Box: I guess maybe just – I don’t want to hold it to something here, but I’m obviously at 80 basis points of margin expansion – actually I’m sorry, 120 basis points in margin expansion year-over-year. I mean was that 50% price volume, 50% BOSS?
Eddie Northen: I don’t know how to breakdown.
Gary Rollins: It would be 50% BOSS. Where you are going to see the benefit in BOSS is then you’re fleet and your payroll, and really the capacity. What they able to do is the service technician would be able to do take on more accounts across, you would be better organized. But it’s going to be a slow situation. It’s just a nature of our business, you’re not going to go in and have your productivity go up 25% in six months or anything like that. But we’re pleased with what we see and I think at this stage, you are about – more we expected to be at this point.
Joe Box: Understood. Thanks guys next quarter.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Joan Tong from Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Joan Tong: Good morning. Congratulations on signing Northwest into the Rollins family. And I do have a question regarding the brand specifically the Northwest brand. Can you just give us a little bit color? It seems like they are on the high-end side in terms of pricing, the brand identity and strength. Is it very similar to your Orkin brand?
Eddie Northen: Yes. I’ll let John kind of help with that easy. He’s really been directly involved with it. But I’d say, in the Southeast area here and as I mentioned with my personal story in the Southeast area here, they’re very strong. If you take a look at the Atlantic areas, North up here and then up in other states that we talked about Tennessee and Alabama and some into North Carolina. It’s a regional brand that is extremely well known, they’ve grown well overtime and continue to expand their footprint as they’ve gone through time.
John Wilson: Yes, Joan. Thank you for the questions. Northwest is a company we’ve admired a long time, I’ve known Philips, both Steve the father and then his two sons. They have an excellent reputation for great customer service, tremendous tenure in their staff. So they have a really, really good brand in the markets they operate. They are probably most similar to HomeTeam, and that they leverage relationships with builders. And the markets that they are in, they’re very good competitors with them. Maybe compete less though with Orkin. But good business, very solid great leadership, tremendous team but they have a more of a residential mix and termite mix than Orkin does.
Eddie Northen: Yes. And Joan just from a recognition perspective here, we have the Orkin diamond that this recognize, their recognize is from a pesky moth that is kind of their spokesperson, as far as their advertising and marketing concern, which has been extremely effective. I know in the areas here in the Southeast. So they are very well known from a recognition perspective. And I think that helped them with that and of course the quality of service that they provided has been an extraordinary…
Joan Tong: Okay, got it, got it. And then historically you guys are very discipline with evaluation metrics when it comes to acquisition. So I know that for comparative purposes, you can’t really disclose a whole lot of information, but just want to make sure that if evaluation is within your sort of like historical discipline? The way, we think about it.
Eddie Northen: Yes, it is Joan. I mean we’re on the higher end, of course we work for a great quality company that we have here. But that we’re absolutely within, the areas that we would normally be, from an acquisition perspective.
Joan Tong: Okay, got it, got it. And then, how about on the margin expansion side, and I have a question, regarding – seeing the margin expansion pretty nicely, showing up in your numbers. Obviously, better than last quarter, like it might have been by fuel cost is less of a drag. Can you just talk a little bit about like the puts and takes there and what is the fuel cost increase – negative impact in the quarter if there is any?
John Wilson: Yes, the fuel cost net impact the quarter it was less than Q1, I don’t have, Joan that number is in front of me, I can get that for you. Our miles that we’ve reduced improved in Q2 then comparing it to Q1, so I think we’re seeing – continuing to see those incremental benefits from BOSS and from the virtual route management team. We’re continued to see it on the salary side, the portion of our salaries that we see reducing in our overall function that continues to incrementally improve. And we know that a piece of that is from some of the technology that we’ve been able to put in place. We talked in previous quarters about being able to use the technology of BOSS on things like termite billing. Those types of things were being manually done in the past. And now they are being done using the technology through the BOSS system. And each time our IT team that’s been able to identify and our operations have been able to implement that. We’re getting those incremental benefits. And I think we’re just seeing the accumulation of that as we’re going through time. I mean, adding on these new items and then also seeing the accumulation of those, as we move in forwarded time. So miles, miles per gallon definitely help and then the payroll pieces it’s been a substantial help as well.
Joan Tong: Good, good, good. And then finally, I’ll jump back in the queue. The additional marketing that you guys highlighted, during your prepared remarks. Any color, like what specifically you are looking at and maybe the timing to – maybe invest a little bit more. You guys have already been very proactive on that front. Just want to make sure that like at least talking about like the next six months. Or is it more like 2018 event, that you might have another step up, perhaps in the Northeast spending?
John Wilson: We’re actively evaluating everything from a customer experience perspective, both existing customers as well as customer acquisition. So before we get to a point, where we are ready to move forward any substantial dollars at all. We’ll absolutely share that information with you. But I feel confident, we’re down some good path, both with specifically the marketing side, taking a look at the mobile enriched format, as well as the items have to do with the strategy, and the customer experience in the technology that would go around that.
Joan Tong: Okay. Thank you.
John Wilson: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Jamie Clement from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement: Gentlemen, good morning and thanks for taking my question.
Eddie Northen: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Clement: So with respect to Northwest, and as this relates to builders, I mean, obviously with HomeTeam, we often the tax system. But it’s risky as it’s sounds like there’s been a lot of success down there. In the PermaTreat business, is the PermaTreat business with builders, sufficiently geographically segmented, where Northwest has an advantage over somebody like HomeTeam in the Southeast is that part of the attractiveness here? How does that exactly work?
Eddie Northen: Yes. We’re not going to a lot of specific. I think your assessment of this is pretty well done. Northwest has been in this geographic area for 65 years and made developed relationships with builders over that period of time. And they provided great quality of service. So they’ve had a foothold with a lot of the builders in the Southeast area for a long period of time. Even when HomeTeam goes to compete against those types of relationships, honestly it’s been difficult for HomeTeam, to compete in some of the markets, where Northwest has had a long-term relationship. And that’s part of the attractiveness to this deal into this company, because there’s longevity, the quality of service they provide, and longevity with those relationships.
Jamie Clement: Okay.
John Wilson: Yes. Jamie let me – I may add, HomeTeam is relatively new company in our industry 20 years, anniversary last year. And so, Northwest has been in business for some 60 years. So HomeTeam has the Tubes in the Wall and they have good relationships with builders. Northwest has great people and great relationships with their builders. And while HomeTeam maybe have all the customers, we’ll have Northwest take the rest. How about that?
Jamie Clement: Sure, sure, absolutely. And different line of question, it didn’t really come up much in your prepared remarks. I think you’ve mentioned it once or twice, but can you talk a little bit about the mosquito business, you now that we’re in the mid of the summer. It seems like, five or 10 years ago maybe customers weren’t necessarily convince that the efficacy of mosquito offering was out of your industry. It seems like now you all demonstrated the customers that these services actually work. So expecting another summer of growth there?
Eddie Northen: Yes, for sure, we are and Jamie, this is an area that has always been kind of one of those add-on that we’ve had in the operation and we kind of sold it, when there was time to sell it. Marketing and the operations group maybe two years ago, really decided, we need to really put some more focus around it. Unfortunately we were squaring the time of the concerns on the Zika virus. So it was not something we were going to be proactive, and go out and try to market itself with the public fears that were out there.
Jamie Clement: Right.
Eddie Northen: Customers, as customers reached out to us, and if it makes sense at that point in time, we would talk to our customers about it. But the fears of Zika, kind of subsiding sound at least in the U.S., we actually run our first ever national TV commercial, which was taking back to yard…
Jamie Clement: Yes. I noticed, I noticed.
Eddie Northen: Yes, yes so that’s the first time, we done a national commercial, we’ve absolutely seen a positive impact from that and a lot of our operations are squarely, squarely focused in on this opportunity. Now, it’s just been a matter of us being able to help educate and prepare our technician to make the act is really what it has been. Those pockets where they have been able to do that effectively, they’ve been able to see some good results. I was visiting in the St. Louis area with our South Central division President, Commissioner and they had things up on the wall, number of days in a row if that they have change to sell a mosquito lead. They had dollar amounts up there. So making it fun, making it interesting and making it something that’s kind of friend of mine. The sell of the product is an easy sell, if there is a need there, the product itself is an excellent, excellent product. 95% retention rate for our mosquito customers, so once people have a need and they see the service, it’s a service that they really appreciate it and they want to hold on too. That’s kind of where we are with that and we’ve had good rates with that. We’ve had low-teens to mid-teens for our growth rate, low base, obviously a low base it is not something that we concentrated all in the past. But we feel this is an opportunity for us, there is a little bit in forwarding time.
Jamie Clement: Okay, great and last one if I may for Gary, you had Western Pest predominantly operating in the East. Now you got Northwest predominantly operating in the Southeast, what’s the background of the Northwest Pest Control operating in the Southeast, any amusing story there?
Gary Rollins: Yes, okay John insist, I assume this.
John Wilson: That just happened to know it was named Northwest, way back in the 50, when they opened it on the Northwest side or section of Atlanta.
Jamie Clement: Oh, okay.
John Wilson: Up in Marietta.
Jamie Clement: All right.
John Wilson: Marietta is Top County based primarily.
Gary Rollins: And that’s very similar to the Western, because the way they got their name was, they were in Western New Jersey. So but anyhow they have done an excellent job with their advertising. As they said they have a concept, they have a mouse very colorful drawings and artwork. They do a lot of outdoor advertising with outdoor. And they’ve done a very good job promoting their brand.
Jamie Clement: Okay, terrific. Thanks so much for your time, as always.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Jamie.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Gary Rollins: Okay. No further questions. So I’d like to thank you all for participating and being here today. We look forward to sharing our next quarter’s performance with you. And we’ll be working diligently on the programs and really creating – beginning of a good working relationship with the Northwest people. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO John Wilson - President and COO Eddie Northen - VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Sean Kennedy - Nomura Instinet Sean Egan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Joan Tong - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112, with the passcode of 2672355. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer, John Wilson; and Eddie Northen, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we will open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2017 conference call. Eddie will read forward-looking statement and disclaimer, and then we’ll begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We’re extremely pleased to have posted record results for the quarter as well as our 44th consecutive quarter of improved revenues and profit. That’s 11 years. I don’t know where the time went. For the quarter, revenues grew 6.4% to $375.2 million compared to $352.7 million for the same period last year. Net income before taxes rose 11.9% to $57.3 million compared to $51.2 million for the first quarter of 2016. Net income rose 26.1% to $40.3 million or $0.18 per diluted share compared to $31.9 million or $0.15 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. While our operating results were outstanding, the higher net income and earnings per share for the quarter were significantly boosted by a lower tax rate, which was mostly related to the adoption of ASU 2016-09, which Eddie will discuss going forward. All of our business lines experienced good growth with residential up 7%, commercial pest control grew 5.3%, and termite rose 7.5%. Our employees service millions of people every year; we’re well aware of how our customers’ lives could be affected by pests that are a health threat. That’s why health and public safety are always top of mind with us. Earlier this morning, CNN -- this month rather, CNN released a study recognizing that the world is at more risk than ever for a global pandemic. And while I’m not on going to draw [ph] on this, material reinforces the importance of the services we provide, both to our customers as well as the public at large. According to CNN’s material, more than 28,000 people were infected with the Ebola epidemic during 2014 through 2016, with over 11,000 deaths and as of March 10th this year, 84 countries have reported Zika transmission. This disease was discovered in the 1940s but had its first outbreak in 2007 in Micronesia and really began spreading toward the end of 2015. As the U.S.’s largest or one of the largest providers of residential mosquito service, we feel that we have an important role in protecting and educating the public concerning this pest. We routinely provide mosquito information through our internet sites and other means with guidelines on how people can reduce the risk of having a mosquito problem. When there are significant instances of record-setting heat and flooding events as were recently experienced, regrettably, they create the ideal opportunity for mosquito infestations along with exposure to accompany transmitted illnesses and disease. In order to ensure that we stay at the forefront of mosquito research and data, we partner with numerous related organizations and universities. Most recently members of our Orkin technical service team attended a two-day event hosted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The purpose of this gathering of experts from around the world was to share scientific and practical initiatives on reducing the incidence of disease transmitted by the mosquito, specifically Aedes aegypti, this mosquito is also known as the yellow fever mosquito. Discussions centered primarily on Zikas, dengue, and chikungunya virus with those are [indiscernible]. We have been a collaborative partner with the CDC since the early 2000 on a wide range of initiatives including developing educational pest related material, field pest elimination project, participating in research studies, conducting Train the Trainer courses and jointly providing public service messages about pest prevention measures. We are convenient to these collaborations and initiatives of public service, while internally providing our technicians with the best products and industry-leading training. This enables us to deliver safer and more effective pest protection for all of our customers. Well, enough about pest and related health initiatives. I would like to now turn the call over to John.
John Wilson: Thank you, Gary. As an example of our deep commitment to the further development of our people, this year marked the 20th year of conducting our companywide leadership meeting. In January, we engaged our top managers in team building exercise and reinforced our priorities for the New Year. As Gary voices contentiously, we know we can always do better for the benefit of our customers, for our employees and our shareholders. And we always approach that annual event with that challenge in mind. During this two and a half day conference we participate and exercise that’s focused on improving our operations with the primary objective to improve our customer service experience, specifically through improving our all important employee engagement experience. We know a happy and engaged employee will always deliver a better customer service experience. When I joined the Company 22 years ago, we were a much smaller organization. But thanks to the hard work and dedication of our employees, we have continued to grow year after year. Successfully growing our business depends on our ability to hire the right people, train and then and most importantly to retain them. A tenured, well-trained employee helps to ensure the great customer service experience. Our model is to never disappoint, which well explains our commitment to customer satisfaction. Those of you who attended our analyst day in September last year may recall my having said the one thing that remains the key to our success in the past, present or future will be our people. In order to survive and thrive, we have to maintain the highest standards for those people. Our objective is to hire A players to bring to the Company. We look at every opportunity when we add an employee as an opportunity to improve our team. To accomplish this, we consider many candidates, and prior to inviting them to join us, we spend a lot of time learning about them and educating them about us, our Company and its culture. We are looking for the ideal fit. Notably, our employee demographics are rapidly changing. Last year, over 60% of our new hires were millennials, born between 1982 and 2000. Recognizing the significance of this, we engaged Jason Dorsey, as our guest speaker at the leadership meeting. Jason is a highly recognized authority on millennials and Gen Y. Jason provided great insight about this group of individuals and how we can mutually benefit as they join our workforce. We believe the evolution we are experiencing in our workforce can have tremendous upside for our customers and our business. But we recognize, in order to retain these new hires, we have to be more knowledgeable of their characteristics and adapt accordingly. That challenge begins with their first day on the job. To that end, we’re improving our onboarding and new hire orientation processes. This introduction helps provide them a sense of belonging to our Company and to better understand our culture. We’re also surveying our new hires at regular intervals to gauge how they feel about their experience with us and to ensure that appropriate initiatives are being implemented in the field. In summary, we feel strongly that we need to stay connected with our changing workforce to ensure that we can continue to attract and keep top talent at our company. With these changes, our shared and other initiatives, we’re seeing good improvement in employee retention, which as we have explained in the past, results in higher customer retention. In that regard, we were extremely honored this year to have been recognized as one of our areas’ top workplaces by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The top workplaces lists are based solely on the results of an employee survey administered by WorkplaceDynamics, a research firm that specializes in organizational health and workplace improvement. Special aspects of workplace culture were measured, including alignment, execution and commitment. This was a great recognition for us and is another example of our Company’s commitment to our employees and their future. This time every year, we enjoy viewing our latest commercials, which began airing last month. They help us deliver Orkin’s primary branding message of Pest Control Down to a Science. This year’s subtheme, Every Home is Unique, supports that branding message. Let me take a moment to share one or two of my favorites with you. One commercial centers around a neat freak that his house is really, really clean but as the home owner discovers, pests can still find their way into even the neatest of homes. Enter the Orkin Men with his great knowledge and scientifically-based treatment. But those of you familiar with the new trend in the growing population living in tiny houses, you’ll discover that rats can find their way into these unique homes quite easily. Again, the Orkin Men to the rescue. Hope this entices you to take a moment to view these unique commercials. Before handing the call back to Eddie, I wanted to note a couple of promotions which recognize our management strength and depth. Mitch Smith has been promoted to Division President Orkin South Central Division. Mitch began his Orkin carrier as a branch manager in 1989 and has risen through the ranks during his tenure having served as Regional Manager, Regional Vice President and most recently, Division Vice President. Brady Camp was promoted to President of our HomeTeam Pest Defense. Previously, he served as Vice President of Operations and Division Vice President of HomeTeam’s Eastern operation. Speaking of HomeTeam, last month, they achieved a significant milestone of having 1 million installations of their Taexx built in pest control system. This accomplishment emphasizes the strength of HomeTeam’s relationship with its over 1,000 home builders nationwide, which include the top ten national home builders. Congratulations to Mitch, Brady and HomeTeam. I’ll now turn the call back to Eddie.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, John. 2017 is off to a very good start. Our operations, both domestic and international are energized as an outcome of our January leadership meeting that John mentioned. All of our service lines showed consistent growth and keys for the quarter included continued margin expansion, updates for the BOSS system which improved overall routing efficiency, processing of termite billing and credit card payments and an ongoing positive tax impact due to accounting standards update ASU 2016-09 related to our stock-based compensation. Looking at the numbers, the Company reported first quarter revenue of $375.2 million, an increase of 6.4% over the prior year’s first quarter’s revenue of $352.7 million. For the quarter, income before income taxes increased 11.9% to $57.3 million. Net income was positively impacted by the tax changes that Gary mentioned, and increased 26.1% to $40.3 million with earnings per share up 20% to $0.18 versus $0.15 per diluted share last year in the first quarter. When you take out the impact of the tax changes, net income rose 12.7% and earnings per share was up 13.1% to $0.17 compared to $0.15 last year. Overall, our operations and sales teams started the year very well, and our BOSS system continues to support additional improvement. In Atlanta, we had more than our fair share of growth disruption of the past few months, and enhanced routing and scheduling functionality has been especially helpful around here. Our routing and scheduling efforts continue to become more mature each quarter they’re in use and our IC [ph] group also continues to enhance the capabilities by automating the route optimization daily and adding capabilities for our call center to have better visibility to branch capacity when scheduling a new customer. This will be extremely useful during our busy time for the year, to ensure we’re improving the initial customer experience that we provide. Another IC improvement related to customer experience is the enhanced functionality of accepting credit cards by our technician through the BOSS application. This was -- this has improved the payment process for both the customer and our operations for many of our accounts. And finally, the use of the BOSS system to complete the billing of our termite customers has improved this entire process. We anticipate continued customer and financial benefit as we move throughout 2017. Let’s take a look to the revenue by service line for the first quarter. Our total revenue increased of 6.4% included 1.2% from acquisition and the remaining 5.2% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control which made up 41% of our revenue was up 7%. Commercial pest control which made 41% of our revenue was up 5.3%. And termite and ancillary services which made up 18% of our revenue was up a very strong 7.5%. Again, total revenue less acquisition was up 5.2%; from that residential was up 6.8%, commercial up 3.4% and termite was up 5.8%. When you take a look at the quarter, taking out the impact of foreign currency, in total, we grew 5.3%; residential grew 6.8%; commercial pest control was up 3%; and termite was up 6.3%. Commercial was most impacted by the weak Canadian and Australian dollars as most of our business in these countries is commercial. Bed bug revenue continues to grow at a faster rate than our Company growth rate. For Q1, our bed bug revenue grew at 9.3%. Our data analytics continues to help us to set the best way to grow recurring bed bug revenue and to improve our profitability. Each of the last several quarters, we have continued to improve our sales process to ensure we are prioritizing the right customers to grow this product the best way for both the top and bottom line. I mentioned the efforts our marketing and advertising group last quarter, and I hope that you’ve had a chance to see their most recent work. In addition to what John mentioned, we have featured our Orkin woman in a great termite fight and have run our first ever ad dedicated to mosquitoes with the theme of taking your yard back. We believe these efforts will help to continue to drive our termite and pest control demand as we move throughout the year. In total, gross margin for the quarter was flat the last year at 50.4%. The margin for the quarter benefited from improved efficiencies in routing and scheduling, which helped both service and administrative salaries as a percent of revenue. In addition, personnel related expenses were down as a percent of revenue as group insurance and auto liability expenses were less quarter over quarter. This was offset in part by an increase in fleet expense with higher fuel prices. While the cost per gallon for Orkin increased $0.44, the miles driven per vehicle were down 2.8% as a result of our improved efficiency from enhanced routing and scheduling through the virtual route management system. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the first quarter increased $2.1 million to $13.8 million, an increase of 18.3%. Depreciation was $6.9 million, increasing $1.5 million with most of that increase related to our BOSS software, iPhone and printer depreciation. Amortization was $6.9 million, which increased $597,000 with amortization of intangibles asset increasing due mostly to amortized customer contracts of the acquisitions of Murray Pest Control, and Scientific Pest Control in Australia, as well as various Orkin acquisitions throughout the year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased $2.9 million or 2.6% to 30.7% of revenues, down 1.1 percentage points from 31.8% for the first quarter last year. The decrease in the percent of revenue is due to improvements administrative salaries and overtime as a percent of revenue which has been held by the BOSS implementation. This expense was offset by planned higher sales salaries and advertising expenses. Let’s take a minute on the tax impact. For the quarter, the effective tax rate in 2017 was 29.7% versus 37.6% in 2016. The decrease was primarily due to the adoption of financial Accounting Standards Board Update number 2016-09, also known as ASU 2016-09, which recognizes the excess tax benefit of stock-based awards as a reduction to income tax expense instead of the previous methodology, which reported the benefit on the balance sheet. The adoption of this standard generated a $0.01 benefit to the earnings per share in the quarter. We expect the effective rate to be slightly less than the last year number for quarters two, through four. The Company is currently projecting an effective tax rate of below 37% for the 2017 year. We expect to see continuing favorable volatility in the first quarter’s tax rate for the next several years. Most of our Company’s stock grants vest in the first quarter of each year. As for our cash position for the three months ending March 31, 2017, we spent over $3 million on acquisitions and $25 million on dividends, up 14.7%. We had $5.3 million of CapEx, which was down 39.1% in 2016, primarily from the completion of the BOSS project and ended with a $162 million in cash, up 32.7% from last year. Last night, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.115 per share that will be paid on June 9, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business, May 10, 2017. The cash dividend is a 15% increase over the prior year. This marks the 15th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12%. We’re off to a great start and are well-prepared to continue to move forward in 2017. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We’ll be glad to take any questions that you might have at this time.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Sean Kennedy with Nomura Instinet. Please proceed.
Sean Kennedy: Good morning, guys.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Sean Kennedy: I was wondering if you could provide a bit more detail on the ASU tax benefit; specifically, what we can expect going forward? Can we expect the lower tax rate in the first quarter, could you just comment on that?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Sean. So, for us, as I’m sure you are aware that the tax benefit is based on the share price, the difference between the vesting time and the grant time. For us, our stock price has been up. And therefore, we received a tax benefit. So, the $4.3 million will be obviously the biggest impact in Q1. But as I stated below what we would historically see year-over-year as far as tax rates for two through four. And we anticipate the full year rate being slightly less than 37%. And the way that this pronouncement is written, we would see again based on the -- based on the stock price at the time of vesting, we would see similar gains in future years for that.
Sean Kennedy: Great. Thanks for the detail.
Eddie Northen: Helpful?
Sean Kennedy: Yes, yes, definitely. Also, one follow-up question. Do you have a sense that you’re gaining share versus your competition? And then, could you comment on specifically commercial, residential and pest control?
Eddie Northen: We believe that we’ve been incrementally growing market share in total for the last several quarters. And we believe a piece of that is because of the digital marketing efforts that our marketing group has had in place that has helped us to be able to reach, especially on the residential side, been able to reach, I think a broader group of customers. And in addition to that, we continue to fine tune on the commercial sales side and continue to grow there as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from Sean Egan with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean Egan: I had a quick item on what we can expect to see as far as a reasonable incremental operating profit figure, heading forward, now that we’re starting to get into a lot of the benefit to the BOSS. We’re not trying to be nitpicky here, but it was about 27% this quarter. I think we look for a little more, just kind of looking for a little bit of guidance there.
Eddie Northen: We know that we’ll continue to see improvements in the overall margin, I think at all levels I think starting with the operating margin and gross margin as well. And of course, we feel that BOSS is going to continue to be able to be a driver of that. We’re not going to give guidance as far as specifics. We’re going to continue to get incrementally better. And I think we continue to find areas or ways where BOSS is going to be able to help us with that. I mean, we talked a lot about the routing, scheduling and on future calls we’ll give some more specifics on what we’re seeing there as far as improvement. But just the fact that IC was able to bolt on with some addition this quarter having to do with termite billing and the acceptance of credit cards by all of our technicians at this point in time. All those things are going to continue to help streamline, both in the operational and the non-operational side as we’re continuing to move forward. So we’ll give some more specifics having to do around the BOSS metrics again on future calls. But we continue to see good improvements in a lot of areas.
Sean Egan: Got you. And then, moving to the M&A front. Have you seen valuations rise at all or at least asking prices, given the move in public equities over the last, call it six months?
Eddie Northen: I mean, there’re lots of companies that we would probably like to have a part of the Rollins family. From a multiple perspective this makes sense to us and other companies that have been buyers that it does make sense. So, we will continue to use the same prudence that Rollins has had in place for years. And when there is a good fit, if the seller’s trying to find the right partners to partner up with that’s when we win. We deployed 40% more capital a year ago than we -- in 2016 than we did in 2015, and that included the Critter Control franchise that we bought in 2015. So, we continue to find good quality partners to match up with and to be able to acquire. Are some of our competitors paying other higher multiples than historic multiples? Absolutely. And you know who some of those are and what those sellers are. But we feel that we will continue to be prudent and as we are continue to find those that make sense both financially and from a cultural perspective, then we will pull the trigger and we’ll move forward.
Gary Rollins: And if I can add something, we think that we have got really a lot of opportunities in critter control area. People, the franchises have not had an exit program per se; their strategy was just to add franchises and really had very little to help the franchises with their business. We have a full time personnel that really is leading and travelling with the franchisees and sharing key learnings because if we improve their business, they are certainly going to be improving our royalty stream and they are also going to be improving our likelihood of want to buy them when their franchise expires. So, I witnessed waste management come into the industry several decades ago, paid a lot of money, had a lot of different companies to try to put together, had a very difficult time doing so, and then retracted from the industry. I am not saying that’s going to happen again but I did learn a key thing from that is that when you buy these companies, they have different operating systems and different procedures and policies, and you start trying to roll them up and put them together that’s a very complicated difficult endeavor.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from Joan Tong with Sidoti & Company.
Joan Tong: You guys talked about 60% of your new hires is like millennials. And I just want to see if there is any change in employees, turn rate. And also the second question is regarding the receptive -- or reception to technology. Obviously, I can imagine it’s pretty high and that should play to your because there was already new technologies, and the route management and all this new stuff that employees have to use and have Gen X being pretty receptive to technology; I think it should be a benefit to you guys. Can you just comment on those two?
Eddie Northen: Joan, I’ll give you my view and John is much closer to it than I am. But kind of starting with the latter. You’re spot on. I mean, the technology piece is much easier for the Gen Ys and for Xs, much easier to adopt I think in that perspective. But I got to tell you in my personal interaction with probably 100 plus technicians of all ages, there has been an overwhelmingly positive feel for the technology and for the capability. Gary said it very well. The technology is enabling them to have a smoother day and have a more fulfilling overall involvement with their job because things are more scheduled. So, I think that part is going to definitely be a help. And I think as far as the overall churn rate or retention rate of our employees, it’s relatively the same. And I think that’s part of what, John, was talking about is the onboarding of these employees may look a little bit different. I think it’s the reason why John’s taken that on. John, I don’t know if you want to comment more on that.
John Wilson: Yes. Thank you, Eddie. And the turnover rate, Joan, has not been hugely different between millennials, surprisingly to me. And as a matter of fact, when we looked at it, I learned that baby boomers were the highest. And I suspect that that’s largely because physically as they age, they’re struggling to complete the work or do the job. But it’s not been a huge difference, despite what you hear about the millennials taking a job and leaving it compared to our older workforce. What we want to do is zero in through the various methods that I outlined, and try to improve that, not only with them, but the other categories as well.
Joan Tong: Okay. Fair enough. And then, my next question is related to, you talk about investing back to the business. I know that you guys don’t make any proprietary pesticides or chemicals, but in terms of the pest control methods, have that evolved over time with technology improvement? I just wanted to see what you’re doing on that front. And obviously, Gary, you mentioned about mosquitoes. Is it like a new method or new way to improve efficacy to your competitors. They have been pretty vocal talking about enhancing pest control methods, just want to get an idea of what you guys are doing on that front. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Well, I think it depends on the pest. Certainly, there’s not been any big technological changes as far as mosquito control is concerned. It doesn’t mean that there’s not some new material around the corner. But so far, there has not been a secret weapon per se. But if you look at some of the other ideas, heat has been a new and different form of pest control, which is very effective in the bed bug area. That has not characteristically been pest control means. They are experimenting now with dry ice as far as rodent and control. They’re trying to take statistics and so forth. One of the difficult things about that is it’s hard to get death counts because when a rodent dies, -- it is going to be complicated to measure the effectiveness. There’s birth control product that’s out being tested now as far as growth rodent control is concerned. I think those things would be the most memorable or remarkable I guess the way to say it. But the industry is evolving. There is major pesticide producers typically. The path of residential pesticide is to agriculture. Agriculture is so much larger than the conventional pest control. And those products are developed and perfected and often they migrate into pest control. But other than those, say those three new forms of technology, there’s not a lot of change they can put.
Joan Tong: Okay. Got it.
John Wilson: Joan, if I may, the only thing I might add is commercially, for rodent control, there’s been the development of RFID type of technology for rodent base stations where you can monitor from afar activity. But that’s an evolving piece of technology. We’re still fiddling with that as are others in our industry, just trying to figure out the economics of that. And the concern is always, it doesn’t work what in enough time to react for your customers, particularly sensitive ones like food processing and manufacturing.
Joan Tong: Got it. Thank you. And then, one last question, I will jump back in the queue. Obviously the tax discussion from tax plan discussion in front and center today, I just want to get a reminder from you, how much of your business is actually based in U.S. because you did make some acquisitions recently in UK as well as in Australia, just want to get a sense, I believe a majority part of it is generated from the discussion from U.S., just want to get a percentage there.
Eddie Northen: Joan, you’re exactly right and we listed in our 10, about 93% of our total is in the U.S., so of course we’re paying the U.S. tax rate on that. And historically we’ve had a tax rate that’s been close to full rate at almost 38%. Based on this discussion, we had today, separate from corporate tax reform, based on discussion we had today on our ASU 2016-09, we feel as though that our tax rate will be a percent lowerish than where we have been historically, but yes 93% is in the U.S.
Gary Rollins: I think you also got a wildcard on what they’re going to do in Washington. Certainly, I think we are well-managed and performing company. And I think that certainly the reduction in our tax rate would help and I would also say, bring foreign money back into the country. We have quite a substantial operation in Canada. And here’s the talk of changing the rules where corporations are more encouraged to bring foreign profits back into the United States. That would certainly be welcomed as far as we’re concerned.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you. We really appreciate your interest. We look forward to reporting our second quarter results. And I think we’ll have more, as Eddie said, we’ll have some more information with BOSS. I think we now have two regions where our virtual route management automatically is in place; we’ll have more conversion as far as that’s concerned. We think it could be a game changer as far as our business is concerned. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference. We’d like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman & CEO Eddie Northen - VP, CFO & Treasurer John Wilson - President & COO
Analysts: Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Joan Tong - Sidoti & Company Sean Kennedy - Nomura Alex Connelly - SM Investors
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112, with the pass code of 2262830. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer, John Wilson; and Eddie Northen, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we will open up the line for your questions at which time all three gentlemen will be available to take your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year end 2016 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are extremely pleased to the posted record results for the quarter as well as our nineteen consecutive years of improved revenues and profits. For the quarter revenue increased 6.4% to $385.6 million compared to $362.5 million in last year's fourth quarter. Net income 19.7% to $38 million or $0.17 per diluted share compared to net income of $31.7 million or $0.15 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the full year increased 5.9% to $1.573 billion compared to $1.485 billion for the same period last year. Incidentally, the 5.9% increase was the greatest percent increase since 2010. Income before income taxes grew 7.2% to $260.6 million compared to $243.2 million in prior year. Net income rose 10% to $167.4 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.77 compared to $152.1 million or $0.70 per diluted share last year. All of our business lines experienced growth during the quarter with residential pest control up 7.9%, commercial pest control grew 5.5% and termite rose 5.7%. We're also pleased with the growth experienced by our specialty brands and international and wildlife brands all of which reported impressive growth for the year. As stated previously I believe it bears repeating that we think the results underscore the value that we are experiencing in selectively acquiring market leading specialty pest control and wildlife companies. At the same time our ancillary businesses although are relatively small part of our total business continued to perform well. Bed bugs have certainly not going away, although we believe we'll experience a slower growth rate in this business going forward. Earlier this month we released Orkin's Top 50 bed bug cities based on services provided this past year in the leading U.S. metro markets. While these 50 cities have the most treatments last year our Orkin technicians treated for bed bugs in all 50 states as well as internationally. This past year our bed bug revenue increased 10% over the last year. We also experienced growth in our mosquito business. As we have discussed in the past, mosquito borne diseases continue to be an increasing threat around the world. We continue to provide educational materials on the precautions that can be taken to protect against mosquito bites, infestations, and how mosquito populations can be controlled. Revenues for our mosquito business increased over 20% this past year. We continue to make inroads in expanding Orkin's brand recognition to growing our international presence this past year, both through Orkin's expansion in Australia and our entry into the United Kingdom. Also as announced earlier this month in the last quarter of the year we created 17 new international franchises, 12 of these franchises are located in China while the other five are located in Mexico, Ecuador, Bolivia, Malaysia and the Kingdom of Cambodia. All of these franchises will offer commercial and residential pest control, as well as termite services as applicable. With the addition of these new franchises we now have established Orkin's presence in 45 countries through 70 international franchises. Our international expansion is an excellent example of our culture of continuous improvement or in this case continuous expansion. A core element of our culture is a deep commitment to build long-term relationships with our customers based on our quality of service. One means of how we accomplish this is our Listen360 customer feedback surveys where we generate thousands of customer e-mails surveys daily for each of our 600 plus province locations. To enable us to obtain real-time feedback on how our customers view what we're doing, Listen360 organizes customer feedback into three categories; promoters, customers who would recommend us to family and friends; passives, who are neutral; and detractors, those with negative feedback. These scores and rankings by location are shared throughout the company and our people take them very seriously. We are committed to turn any customer with a negative survey to become a promoter and we respond accordingly. Our survey results are provided monthly and we closely monitor our progress from the latest survey results to previous survey findings. We're pleased that in three years that we've had the Listen360 program in place that we've made improvements of over 20% from the positive scores which translate into better customer retention and customer referrals. Our objective is to have over 85% positive promoter's scores and retention of customers for all of our brands. We have a number of operations that are at 85% or better now and are striving to expand that number. As Jerry Gahlhoff, our President in Specialty Brands and the pioneer of this programs has stated, the feedback we get, both good and bad keeps us humbled about our service and focused on ways to improve the customer's experience. We can see exactly what and where our successes and failures are so we can build on our trial and improve on our shortcomings. To further help ensure that we provide the best customer experience as we grow our business we continue to make it a key objective across organization to identify and hire the best employees. We bring them along through our extensive and award winning training, thereby providing them the opportunity to build a satisfying and rewarding career at Rollins. 2016 was a momentous year for our company, one in which employees in North America and around the globe continued to advance our mission to be the best service company in the world. We're even more excited about our prospects for the New Year and beyond. We will continue to make strategic acquisitions that meet our criteria as well as expanding international and domestic franchise. At the same time will be benefiting from the investments we've made, specifically BOSS, our new brand CRM and operating system. BOSS's primary objective is to enable us to improve our customer's experience for the benefit of all of our constituencies. We look forward to sharing our progress with all of you throughout the year. I'll now turn the call over to Eddie who will provide you with more details on our financial results.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. 2016 was another incredible year on a lot of fronts which included record-setting financial results during a time of significant change. We successfully wrapped up our CRM BOSS and virtual route management rollouts made several acquisitions, both, inside and outside of the U.S. and made promotional changes in our executive ranks. I cannot be more proud of our sales, operations and support teams for their resiliency during 2016 and their ability to produce these results. Each of our service lines showed the sustained growth and key to the quarter included the best growth rates since 2010, cost savings based on safety improvements and a reduction in medical claims and continued maturity of our new technology and the operations. Looking at the numbers, the company reported fourth quarter revenue of $385.6 million, an increase of 6.4% over the prior year's fourth quarter's revenue of $362.5 million. Before I go through the income results, I want to bring you up-to-date on a change we've made in Canada concerning tax planning. In 2004, Kinro Investments was created as part of Rollin's tax planning strategy. However, recent changes in Canadian Tax Law eliminated the benefit of this strategy and we dissolved Kinro before the end of 2016. As a result a one-time withholding tax expense had to be recognized. This expense which reduced income-before-tax by approximately $9 million was offset by a tax credit of approximately the same amount. Have we not removed Kinro from Canadian taxation, the company would pay approximately an additional $100 million of taxes over the next ten years. Rollins after-tax income and earnings per share for 2016 were not affected by the dissolving of Kinro. For the quarter the pre-tax margin of 13.6 would have been 16.0 without the one-time withholding tax expense, an 11.9% improvement over 2015. As a result for the quarter, income before income taxes only increased 1.4% to $52.5 million, net income was not impacted by the tax charge and increased 19.7% to $38 million with earnings per share of 13.3% to $0.17 versus $0.15 per diluted share last year in the fourth quarter. Our operations performed very well through the quarter but as an organization we also received the benefit of lower personal related expense, primarily healthcare and casualty cost due to improved safety results. At the beginning of 2016, we restructured our risk and our safety groups and are benefiting from those changes. Outside of the cost savings, we believe our improved safety in the area of accidents and injuries will create other opportunities such as improved customer experience with fewer absences of our technicians, less negative impact to the brand and the P&L through decreasing vehicle damage. Additionally, we saw a reduction in personnel related expense, primarily healthcare as we experienced fewer claims than expected during the year. Both of these items are encouraging but as we continue to mature on our virtual route management path, we also know that reduced miles will further help us with our safety and casualty expense. Let me expand a little about the early positive operational results of our BOSS and VRM investments. Even with the historically high conversion and training expense pushed into the first two quarters of the year, our year-to-date net margin has expanded 70 basis points. However, the Q4 taking out the impact of the tax withholdings, the net margin improved a 140 basis points which we were pleased to see partially as a result of our related gains from BOSS and VRMs, also included in this improvement or gains in our casualty and healthcare expenses as I mentioned earlier. As you may recall, January is the month of our annual leadership meeting where our Top 100 leaders throughout North America come together in Atlanta to recap 2016 and get the New Year kicked off. With all of the Orkin branches now on BOSS and VRM, we were able to take quality time to discuss pest control route management best practices and align our priorities for the Orkin operations related to the customer with the use of this technology. For the twelve months, our revenue grew 5.9% or $1.485 billion in 2015 to $1.573 billion in 2016. Income before income tax grew 7.2% from $243.2 million in 2015 to $260.6 million in 2016. Net income grew 10% from $152.1 million in 2015 to $167.4 million in 2016. Again, as I explained the full year income before taxes was impacted by our one-time tax charge to dissolve Kinro and net income and earnings per share were not negatively affected. Let's take a look at revenue and revenue by service line for the fourth quarter. Our total revenue increase of 6.4% for the quarter included 1.2% from major acquisitions and the remaining 5.2% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control which made up 42% of our revenue was up very strong 7.9%. Commercial pest control which made up 41% of our revenue was up 5.5% and termite and ancillary services which made up approximately 17% of our revenue was up 5.7%. Again, total revenue less acquisition was up 5.2% and from that residential was up 7.7%, commercial was up 3.7% and termite was up 3.9%. When you take a look at the quarter, taking out the impact of foreign currency, in total, we grew 5.4%, residential grew 7.8%, commercial pest control was up 3.7% and termite was up 4.2%. Commercial and termite were most impacted by that weak Canadians and Australians dollars as most of our business in these countries is commercial. When looking at revenue and its service lines for the full year, our total revenue increased 5.9% and included seven-tenth of a percent from acquisitions and the remaining 5.2% was from pricing in organic growth. In total, residential pest control was up 7.3%, commercial pest control was up 4.4%, and termite and ancillary services was up 6.3%. For the full year total revenue less acquisitions was up 5.2%, from that residential was up 7.2%, commercial was up 3.5% and termite was up 4.8%. When you take out the impact of foreign currency for the year, in total, we grew 5.8%, residential grew 7.2%, commercial pest control was up 4.7% and termite was up 5.1%. Many of you have inquired about our mosquito business and even though this is still a relatively small base of revenue compared to our total. As Gary mentioned, we grew well for the quarter and for the year. When we look back over the past five years, we've grown in the mid-teens range. However we have not and will not market in a way that will be perceived to prey on public fear related to well-known Zika and what's now [ph] virus transmission. Our marketing team will continue to explore ways to solicit and provide this service to our existing customer base. At extremely high retention rate, the benefits of the service speak for themselves from a quality of life safety perspective. We look forward to continued positive results in this area. In total, gross margin for the quarter increased to 50.0% versus 49.7% in the prior year. The margin for the quarter benefited from improved efficiencies and pest control customer routing and scheduling, increased technician productivity and reduced miles driven. Additionally, personnel related expenses were down as a percent of revenue as group health insurance and auto liability expenses were down quarter over quarter. This was all set by an increase in maintenance agreements and software costs related to BOSS  Depreciation and amortization expenses for the fourth quarter increased $2.5 million to $13.8 million an increase of 21.9%. Depreciation with $6.9 million increasing $1.8 million with most of the increase related to our BOSS software, iPhone and printer depreciation. Amortization was $6.9 million which increase $648,000 with amortization of intangibles asset increasing due mostly to amortize customer contracts of the acquisition of Murray pest control, scientific pest control in Australia, as well as various Orkin acquisitions throughout the year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter increased $8.7 million or 7.4% to 32.8% of revenues up, four-tenth of a percentage point from 32.4% for the fourth quarter last year, the increase in the percent of revenue is due mostly to our one-time tax event to dissolve Kinro which impacted us for the quarter by $9 million and increased SG&A by two percentage points. This was partly offset by the lower administrator’s salaries and over time as a percentage of revenue, which is then helped by the BOSS implementation. Personnel related expenses as prove insurance expensive down and telephone call as we call it decreases with a change of data service provider. As for a cash position for the full month ended December 31, 2016. We spent over 46 million over acquisition, of 38.4% year-over-year and included the charges that the change of our special dividend, were total of $109 million paid in dividends, which is up 18.8% over the last year. We were active with share repurchase in the open market during the year, but not in Q4 and purchased for the year a total of 835,559 shares for $22.7 million. We had $33.1 million capital expenditures, and ended with $143 million cash up 5.7% from last year. Last night the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.115 per share that will be paid March 10, 2017 stockholders of record that close the business February 10, 2017. The cash dividend is at 15% increase over the prior year, this marks fifteenth consecutive year the board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12% or greater. We’re encouraged with the results of 2016 and look forward to 2017. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well Eddie, John and I are happy to answer your questions, I'm glad to proceed forward. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital, please go ahead your line is open.
Joe Box: Hey, good morning everyone. So just from a high level, obviously 2016 was the strongest growth rate that we seem since 2010. I'm curious your thoughts as we get into 2017 X the 1.2% from acquisitions that you had and actually that might just been for the quarter, but X the M&A, I mean do you think that these are sustainable growth levels or should we expect some level of moderation as we finalize our models. 
John Wilson: So Joe, I will take that, this is John Wilson. That’s sort of our plan is for them to be sustainable. We don't start any of our years without -- without our plans to get better. We maintain a continuous improvement mindset. So our plan, we think there's sample opportunity out there to continue growing our free service lines of business, they we have.
Joe Box : Okay, and I guess I'm just a follow up on that then. You called out bed bugs is theoretically growing at a lower rate and I guess that's just a small component of your business, but if you look at a lot of the other big drivers for your business, where there be the home team deployments or Mosquito deployment. Are there any kind of big one-time drivers that you might not step up in 2017 anything that we should just be aware of. 
John Wilson: I don't know of any single one-time driver. Eddie mentioned and Gary did too about our mosquito business our bed bug business. They are both growing faster than our -- than our regular service lines but they are -- they are not that large. So I don't know of any single thing. 
Gary Rollins: We don’t -- weather-wise we had our share of bad weather, so I think as Eddie shared with you these different segments of our businesses grow with different rates, different times. Which complement each other frankly with we don't have all down, all of the two different degrees. We don't see any big obstacle out there that’s going to knock us off those plans.
Joe Box : Got it. One quick one for you. Eddie you mentioned increased tech productivity, can you just put some numbers around the average stops for technician or maybe revenue per tech. Just to give us a sense of how much it was up in Q4.
Eddie Northen: We don't -- we don't break that out, we will have technicians that will be in range of 8 to 10 jobs, it will tend on density and role verses urban areas but we are continuing to be better stops per mile from our virtual management system and we're able to see better productivity that's kind of a byproduct out there. So that's what we're -- you know, as we continue to have BOSS become more mature and our last regions went on in August of last year. So as those become more mature, and as virtual management becomes more fully adopted, I think we will see these numbers continue to incrementally get better.
Joe Box : Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from [indiscernible]. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Gentlemen, good morning. Gary I don't -- I don't recall ever seeing a press release announcing seventeen franchise starts in a single press release. Can you give us a little bit more color on that and the following questions that would be is are creating new franchises that more of a point of emphasis now and maybe fill us in on some of the economics to get an upfront from nice folks. How is that all work. 
Gary Rollins: Well we did get a kind of an initiation fee. Depending on the population we have for the bases what that first major payment is, we have minimal requirements as far as the payments going forward. We certainly don't want to give in involved in having to audit the books of 50 different businesses. So we have a percent that we get and then we have a minimum. So we feel like we are kind of protective as for the accounting concerned, there's accounting standards that are different from country to country. We've done very well in China, we have a very good relationship with the head of the Chinese pest control authority, which is a government employee, in fact, she came to a month ago and I think that's been helpful. But we've been working, this is not been a quick thing because we've been working in China for five or six years, it just it they all kind of came to head at the same time, they're like 15 or 20 cities over there with five million plus people and most of them most of us don’t even know their names. We think there's going to be a lot of potential, it won't be much residential business, but commercial wise and China's really growing by leaps and bounds and we think it's going to have very beneficial commercial pest control market.
Unidentified Analyst: Now did you all the announcement came, I guess the week or so, but I think in your prepared remarks you said these were actually created in the fourth quarter is that it was just a 4Q event or 1Q event.
John Wilson: Jamie, this is a 4Q event. 
Unidentified Analyst: Q4, okay.
John Wilson: They were added in Q4, which took us total of 70.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then just follow the question, when you say most of it's commercial, I mean presumably, I mean these big cities, you've got a lot of apartment buildings; so are these residential apartment buildings that you are all just defining as commercial, is that how we should think about it or am I wrong?
John Wilson: Yes, so Jamie, in most there is outside of the U.S residential pest control is not necessarily -- there not a lot of countries that look at residential pest control something they would pay for, there are some exceptions that the U.K. is an exception, exception of Australia, and there are few others that are out there, Canada is an exception, but most of the other countries it's all do yourself on a residential to a personal perspective. So some of the markets are making some slight changes with that, but for the most part we say commercial, we're talking about food, we're talking about hospitals, other different areas purely commercial perspective. There may be a sprinkling of those buildings that are like that, but for the most part it would be purely commercial residential.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, well, I appreciate the clarification. 
Operator: And we will go next to Joan Tong with Sidoti. Please go ahead, your line is open. 
Joan Tong : Hi guys, a very good quarter just have a couple of questions here. Eddie, so the VRM or maybe Gary, for the VRM we are talking about last quarter you said you optimize half of the route. Can you give us a quick update in terms of are you making any progresses, like maybe having that model or that platform to optimized more route and you talk about improvements and productivities, and all that. Just kind of sort of give us an update.
Gary Rollins: Yes, so that number of 50% Joan moved up closer to 75% of the route been optimized on a daily basis. And again this is just us going through and getting everybody more comfortable with -- with not only the technology itself but with the use of the technology, and have that become part of the daily routine. So as we -- as we're able to continue to do that, we will be able to get more of the, more of the route optimize that front, and in the next step from there is to take the steps that we can to not disrupt those optimized routes, as best as possible. So we're going to continue to see incremental gain that are going to occur. I think quarter by quarter by quarter with that as the branches learn and understand better ways to be able to keep those routes that have been optimized run in the best way to can. 
Joan Tong : I see.
Eddie Northen: And Joan, if I may add; so that the savings there with optimizing is the 20% to 25% reduction in miles driven, the benefit the company will show up with our improved fuel cost and wear and tear on our fleet. The big bang for the buck, we feel is an improved customer service and attention to our customers and what we're really working with our teams in the field now, is to just to improve the amount of service time they spending quality come and spend with that customer. So that's what that's all about.
Joan Tong : Right. I'm just wondering is there any way to sort of like things some sort of any of you can talk about any tangible like resulting how we measure our customer service and Gary, obviously you mentioned the positive like promotion for and that's one thing. And also that costumer 360 maybe you can incorporate some of those survey results back to the analytics, you have and drive better improvement a customer like experience going forward. Can you just give us a little more color?
Gary Rollins: Yes, so that's exactly right. The 360 survey scores really we see that correlating with our customer retention metric, and improving that can be big for our company, no question. 
Joan Tong : Got it. And then obviously very strong like operating margin. If you exclude that $9 million one-time items there, you had talked about 16% like operating margins for a seasonally weak quarter, very strong results and then all of Eddie, you mentioned that some of the reasons behind other than property is the BOSS benefits but also you get some reductions or some gain in their group health, insurance costs and all that. Can you sort of quantify like how much of that expansion margin expansion is related to health care costs coming down? And how much is more sort of the benefit that we are actually seeing on the process?
Eddie Northen: Yes. So Joan, Q3 we saw an expansion of about 90 basis points, we think that we're continuing to see maturity in the BOSS with VRM, we think that's going to be a little bit better which is -- which is helping with the total net margin that we are operating margin which you see. Those are dollars obviously push back in the previous quarters and you look at the full year margin of the 70 pests I think that is really representative of where we are with it. So I think that Q3 and we had a little bit more maturity in BOSS and VRM, and it proves that 90 basis points I think that's probably more representative of where the quarter would be outside of the casualty and the medical.
Joan Tong : I see, got it. And then finally for next year I would say for 2017. I think in the past you mentioned that you would continue to stand in technology to stay ahead of the competitors and making sure good customer experience and all that, and I just want to see if you have any like initiative you can call out that you're planning for 2017 in terms of technology spending, and then maybe you can quantify that in terms of maybe the impact to operating expense. Thank you. 
Eddie Northen: Yes Joan, I think that's a good question. We're still getting down the path of that, we're from this from a strategy perspective, we kind of narrow down about three or four items that we want to continue to spend our time and energy on, and ultimately our dollars on, part of that focus on customer experience. But we've not finalized exactly what that is going to be that time with dollar amount at this point. So we'll keep you informed as we -- as we kind of talk through this as we can figure out next steps, the good news is that we have some good opportunities in a few different areas, and we've got some good folks with great expertise that I think can help us get down these path. So we’ll share more once we get that kind of narrow down. 
Joan Tong: All right, thank you guys.
Eddie Northen: Thanks, Joan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'll take our next question from Sean Kennedy. Please go ahead, your line is open. 
Sean Kennedy: Good morning guys. My question also concerns growth. How are you finding the current hiring environment in terms of attracting enough quality employees necessary to sustain your growth, has it become more difficult since we've been hearing that and challenging for other companies as employment has gotten tighter generally, thanks. 
John Wilson: Yes, Sean this is, Joe Wilson. It is difficult but it always has been, I don't think our industry jumps out it whether its college graduates, recent college graduates or people seeking to leave where they are today to go -- to come work in our industry. So what we what we try to do is have a very defined process around the hiring process and our operations and our branches are taught to follow that pretty rigorously and they turn over a lot of rocks to find those good quality people. And I think the final thing I would say is our greatest source of new employees has been our current employees. We get somewhere near 40% or so of our new employees from referrals of our current employees and we have a reward system that in place that pays them for bringing forward those good people but that's our best source. 
Sean Kennedy: Yes, got it. Thanks, but have you -- has it been more difficult lately, have you seen that just as employment gotten tighter or has it just generally been the same. 
John Wilson : I think it's generally the same, we still have to turn over a lot of rocks to find the ones we want, but it is I think is still the same. 
Gary Rollins: Sean, it's just how do that, we take a look at retention our employee retention rate and how they have friended and we compare that to the overall unemployment rate, we could do better in the overall employment rate, unemployment rate. So I think to John point, we're having work a little harder but once we're finding those employees were able to -- able to retain at least better than the overall unemployment rate has [indiscernible].
John Wilson : I think I can add one thing to that as far as VRM we're creating a better job for service technicians, there was been a tremendous amount frustration for the technician, getting himself organized, and find out he's in an unfamiliar area and we didn't -- he doesn't live, absolutely he has more capacity because of being better organized, most of our technicians are on a productivity pay plan, so they can make more money and if you have a more satisfied employee, with a better work experience, earning more then you're going to have less turn around. 
Sean Kennedy: Great, I got it thanks for the detail guys. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] and we have a question from Alex Connelly with SM Investors. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Alex Connelly: Thank you. I have only one question left at this point which is just [indiscernible]. You are talking about a $9 million charge for the Canadian entity, that's an SG&A. I'm assuming that the contract or the credits that is in provision for income taxes, is that correct?
Eddie Northen: Yes, it is correct. It would impact the overall tax rate which was lower and ultimately had no impact on the net income, so that’s exactly right.
Alex Connelly : Alright, thank you so much.
Operator: And at this time we have no further questions. I will turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to our new year, and we'll continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. Thanks, again.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - Investor Relations Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eddie Northen - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer John Wilson - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Joan Tong - Sidoti & Company Sean Kennedy - Nomura
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112, with the pass code of 6530216. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rollins’ President and Chief Operating Officer, John Wilson; and Eddie Northen, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we will open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2016 conference call. Eddie will read out our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are pleased to report that we maintained our pace of generating record revenue and earnings results. The third quarter marked our 42nd quarter of improvement. Revenue grew 6.1% to approximately $424 million, compared to almost $400 million in last year's third quarter. Income before taxes increased 10.4% to approximately $80 million, compared to $72.4 million for the third quarter of 2015. Net income rose 10.2% to $49.7 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, compared to net income of $45 million, or $0.21 per diluted share, for the same period last year. Revenues for the first nine months increased 5.8% to $1.2 billion, compared to $1.1 billion for the same period last year. Net income rose 7.4% to approximately $129.4 million, with earnings per share of $0.59 per diluted share, compared to $120.4 million, or $0.55 per diluted share for the prior period. All of our business lines experienced good growth during the quarter with residential pest control up 7%; commercial pest control grew 4.9%; while termite increased 7.2%. Eddie will provide more detail on these numbers in a few minutes. Last month we are privilege to have hosted Rollins Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange. It was a wonderful day for members of our senior management team to interact with analysts and investors that follow Rollins. Nine key members of our team enjoyed sharing their fields of expertise and providing greater depth on what is occurring in their area of responsibility. We feel that all involved gained significantly from this experience. It was hard to believe that year-end is rapidly approaching and reflecting on this in our meeting in New York, I’m once again reminded of what a great company we have, great customers and great employees. I realized that I'm a little biased however. The following is a quote attributed to me recently in one of the trade magazines. For me, it summarizes why we have a great company. “If someone ask you what Rollins most important assets are, you would probably answer, our people and our customers”. That's a no-brainer. I would add our culture as number three. You see, I believe that a strong positive and enduring culture is critical to a company’s success. The mantra of our culture is continuous improvement. As I've said numerous times, we all know we can do better. There is not one aspect of our business that we don’t think we can improve, and we all subscribe to that every day, not just in corporate headquarters but around the globe. In August, ahead of schedule, we completed our rollout of BOSS to Orkin’s 400 U.S. locations. We now have an excess of 7,000 pest control and termite control iPhone-equipped service technicians. Our new system is allowing us to communicate at many touch points with our customers, thus improving the customer experience. Our Orkin technicians and employees have a tool now that helps them to do a better job. As a result, we believe that this technology will ultimately lead to improve customer and employee retention. We've referred to BOSS in the past as a game-changer, and we believe that we're just scratching the surface of what will enable us to do as we continue to build our business. One good example of one of these new features is our latest addition to BOSS. The enhanced route management and scheduling tool, Virtual Route Management, or we refer to it as VRM. It allows us to better organize our technicians day and week in the most efficient manner. Further, it will provide our service personnel the ability to reduce miles driven, have fewer fuel stops, and reduce windshield time. Less drive time translates to a better customer experience with more time available to be with an existing customer or new customer just starting our service. Eddie is going to provide you more details on VRM in a few minutes as well. Another great thing about having our 7,000 plus technicians onto an iPhone is it is enabling them to reduce their paperwork. This also enables them to engage more fully with the customer. Our latest phone app called Scalp [ph] is an excellent example of how we are working to provide our technicians with the tools they need to further enhance our customers’ experience. Scalp [ph] provides a collection of Orkin services and pest information available on the technician's mobile device. As good as our technicians are, their occasionally comes a time when they encounter a pests or something in doing a service treatment they haven't experienced. A good example what we call an occasional invader would be nematodes in a pantry. No problem, the technician goes to Scalp [ph] and pulls up a quick video that shows the eight steps necessary to take care of those pest problem. Technicians are the face of our brand every day. And by empowering them to deliver better customer service, we are enhancing their expertise and earnings, and the ultimate result in better customer relationship. This is just one of the benefits of Scalp [ph]. As Eddie mentioned last quarter, we are still assessing how we will address and prioritize implementation of BOSS technology at our independent brands. We'll keep you posted on this. I want to personally acknowledge and thank all the members of our IT and operations team that contributed so much to the successful conversion. During the quarter, we continue to expand our global presence having acquired Scientific Pest Management in Australia. Scientific provides pest control services through owned and franchise partnered companies. The company offers both commercial pest control and termite service, specializing in large contracts. This acquisition gives our Robbins brands’ nationwide coverage and now positions us as of the third largest pest control company in Australia. We also added to our international franchise portfolio having created five new franchises in South America and Asia. Year-to-date, we have established a total of eight new international franchise or today a total of 56 international franchises. Incidentally we also have 50 U.S. franchises. One aspect of our acquisition strategy is our purchase of Critter Control franchises. Our priority for wildlife expansion is to assess the top Critter Control markets in the U.S. and match them up where we have existing to Trutech operations. We then will make a strategic decision on whether we combine our efforts or not. Year-to-date we have purchased 10 franchises. We have identified a list of target markets, and when the opportunity arises, we will methodically expand this program. In the meantime, we still have our company-owned locations to operate under our brand of Trutech. I want to give a big happy birthday shout to HomeTeam, which is celebrating its 20th birthday this year. Over the years, HomeTeam has grown from 13 branches and 180 employees to 50 branches and 1,600 team members. And if that isn't enough to celebrate, let me share one more milestone, we’re just days away from HomeTeam completing their one million installations. Happy 20th. Thank you HomeTeam, we appreciate your contributions to our company. The next time we speak of 2017 as I said at the beginning of my remarks, we think we have a great company for which we are most thankful. We believe that we’ll end the year having accomplished our financial plans and goals. We are thankful for our customers, employees and stakeholders that have been a part of these accomplishments. With that said, I'll turn the call over to you Eddie. Eddie?
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. I would also like to say thank you to those of you that were able to spend some time with us at our recent Investor Day in New York City. The time enabled us to highlight our greatest asset, our people. On September 20, we introduced our top executives to a group of investors and leading analysts at the New York Stock Exchange. While tests the bed bug sniffing dog almost stole the show, we were able to share the depth and breadth of our management team that is helping to lead this great company. I recently attended a luncheon where a local university professor gave an economic update that shared that as a nation, we are in the 88th month of the economic expansion, and Rollins has exceeded that record of growth with our equivalent of 126 month of growth and improved earnings results. We had a solid 6.1% revenue growth and return to our historical double-digit net income growth at 10.2%. I also want to express my thanks to our IT team for an incredible job rolling out arguably, the most complex project in our company's history. Each of our service line showed sustained growth and key to the quarter included continued strong residential termite and ancillary revenue gains, the largest commercial gain in the past seven quarters and enhanced margin expansion even with the cost for the completion of the Orkin BOSS rollout. Looking at the numbers, the company reported third quarter revenues of $424 million, again an increase of 6.1% over the prior-year's third quarter revenue of $399.7 million. While we do have lumpiness in our quarters, as we had discussed, our nine-month revenue growth is the best in the past five years. For the quarter, income before income taxes increased 10.4% to $80 million. Our foreign taxes were a bit higher than last year due to the growth in our foreign operations, and as a result, net income increased 10.2% to $49.7 million with earnings per share up 9.5% to $0.23 versus $0.21 per diluted share last year in the third quarter. As I mentioned, our results were positively impacted by the very early operational benefit of our investments. Even with the historically high additional BOSS expense pushed into the first two quarters of the year, our year-to-date net margin has expanded 10 basis points. However for the third quarter, the net margin has jumped to an expansion of 50 basis points, which we are very pleased to see. For the first nine months, our revenue grew 5.8% from $1.1 billion in 2015 to $1.2 billion in 2016. Income before income tax grew 8.7% from $191.4 million in 2015 to $208.1 million in 2016. Net income grew 7.4% from $120.4 million in 2015 to $129.4 million in 2016. As I just mentioned, our early operational improvements positively impacted our results. Let's go through an update of how BOSS can potentially impact our future. With roughly half of our branches reaching maturity at some time during the quarter, we are getting more clarity on operational and business improvements related to the technology and we are extremely encouraged. During our Q1 earnings call, we gave an update on some areas where we were seeing some quantifiable improvements, and I want to update these results. While we still have roughly half of our branches that need to move to maturity, we have seen a double-digit reduction in administrative over time, customer pest control retention improved slightly, termite retention improved by mid-single digits, and we believe that our termite renewal improvement is due to more attention spend on the customer and less on administrative tasks. Miles per customer service decreased by low-double digits with the help of turn-by-turn directions given to the technicians. I should point out we have not seen significant impact yet by the rollout of our Virtual Route Management system. In these mature branches, we experienced a greater than 25% improvement in pest control bad debt as the administrative groups were able to concentrate more on collections. We are guardedly optimistic about these results. However we need to have a lot more data before we celebrate. Now that our Orkin operations have finished their rollout, we are prioritizing improvements to enhance functionality of BOSS. One of the first improvements that was added in the quarter was the BOSS iPhone functionality for all of our termite technicians. Up until a couple of months ago, they were still doing everything manually on paper tickets and the posting was still done the next day by branch administrative staff. They are now on iPhone, so all termite technicians are now like our pest control technicians and have paperless and real-time posting capabilities. There will be more updates on our progress to share in future quarters. Let's take a look through the revenue by service line for the quarter. Our total revenue increased 6.1%, which included eight-tenths per percent from acquisitions and the remaining 5.3% was from pricing and organic growth. In total, residential pest control was up which made up 43% of our revenue was up a solid 7%. Commercial pest control, which made up 40% of our revenue was up 4.9%, and termite an ancillary services, which made up approximately 16% of our revenue was up a strong 7.2%. During the quarter, we acquired Scientific Pest Control Company in Australia, which made a slight improvement on our commercial and termite businesses. Again total revenue less acquisitions was up 5.3%, from that residential was up 6.9%; commercial was up 3.6%; and termite was up 5.5%. When you take a look at our domestic revenues for the quarter, in total we grew 5.7%; residential grew 6.9%; termite was up 5.7%; and commercial pest control was up 4.4%. Commercial and termite were most impacted by the weak Canadian and Australian dollars, as most of our business in these countries is commercial. We are now into our sixth year of tracking the impact of bed bug revenue. Our four-legged friend test at Western Pest Control has assigned bed bug duty at only one of our brands, but most of our independent brands and Orkin provides bed bug services. For the quarter, bed bug grew 9.5%, and for the year, bed bug revenue is up over 10%. As experience has increased, we have improved our profitability, and just as importantly, our recurring revenue in this area. Another milestone during the quarter and a byproduct of rolling out BOSS was the completion of training on the Virtual Route Management system that Gary mentioned. This add-on to BOSS has the potential to give us further improvements in the routing and scheduling of our technicians. The program takes the planned work of the technician and optimizes the route travel while addressing known customer request for specific service times. When we first rolled this out to our branches in June, less than 10% of our routes were optimized, and as of September, over 50% of all routes are now being optimized each day. The effectiveness of this new tool will continue to improve in the future. This optimization has a couple of large benefits. First, it gives more structure to the technician today, which enables them to concentrate more on the customer and not the logistics of the day. Second, and arguably more importantly, will enable us to better meet our appointments for customers that have requested service time. The optimizer calculates the time of each service and travel time between the services to better ensure arriving during the committed service window. Our technicians will have more time to concentrate on pest services and less on travel. In total, gross margins for the quarter increased to 51.5% versus 51.1% for the prior year. The margin for the quarter benefited from improved efficiencies that I discussed in routing and scheduling and improved technician productivity that helped to lower salaries as a percent of revenue. The improved pest control technician productivity contributed to a reduction in fleet expenses. Personnel-related expenses were down as a percent of revenue as group insurance and auto liability expenses were down quarter-over-quarter. This was offset by an increase in maintenance agreements and software costs related to BOSS. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the third quarter increased $1.9 million to $13.1 million, an increase of 17.3%. Depreciation was $6.5 million, increasing $1.6 million with most of that increase related to our BOSS software, iPhone and printer depreciation. Amortization was $6.6 million, which increased $362,000 with amortization of intangible assets increasing due mostly to amortized customer contracts of the acquisition of Murray Pest Control and Scientific Pest Control in Australia. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter increased $3.5 million or 2.8% to 29.6% of revenues, down nine-tenth of a percent from 30.5% for the third quarter last year. The decrease in the percentage of revenue is due to lower administrative salaries and over time as a percent of revenues, which has been helped by the BOSS implementation. Personnel-related expenses were lower as group insurance expense was down and telephone costs reduced as we saw decreases with the change of data service providers. As for our cash position for the first nine months ended September 30, 2016, we spent almost $41 million, up 30.1% year-over-year on acquisitions and paid out $65.5 million in dividends, which is up 25% over last year. We were active with share repurchase in the open market purchasing a total of 835,559,000 shares for a total of $22,718,000. We had $27.1 million of capital expenditures and ended with $139 million in cash, up 3.7% from last year. Last night, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share and a special dividend of $0.10 per share both to be paid on December 9, 2016 to stockholders of record at the close of business November 10, 2016. This marks the 14th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by minimum of 12% or greater. We are positioned to finish the year on a strong note and I'm looking forward to reporting a good finish to 2016. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Mary, John and I will be happy to answer any questions that you all might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Joan Tong with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.
Joan Tong: Hi Gary, Eddie and John. How are you guys?
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Doing well.
Joan Tong: Good. I have a bunch of questions here. First off, just want to ask about the BOSS system. Thank you for all the update in terms of the operating improvement metrics. It's really helpful. And with the BOSS system implementation completed and you are now focusing in enhancing functionality and then also like Virtual Route Management looks really encouraging. So I'm just wondering like going into next year, how should we think about any incremental spending in technology, if there is any?
Eddie Northen: Yes, so Joan thanks for that. As we talked when we were at the Analyst Day, our anticipation at this point in time is to return to the historical norm that we’ve seen. On that day the graph that we showed went back to 2008 and showed our much higher capital expenditures spend when we opened up our call center. And then that graph kind of fast-forwarded through time. You saw kind of the historical norm of capital expenditure spend. Then you saw a spike obviously in 2015 and ‘16 with the BOSS rollout. And we anticipate it returning back to that historical norm. And again as we move forward and if we see anything that's going to be material in nature, we will communicate that ahead of time as far as anything that would deviate from that historical norm.
Joan Tong: Okay. Got it. And then for the Virtual Route Management, you talked about that functionality actually improve or optimize 50% of the route. Is there a reason why the rest is not being optimized or you’re just kind of still in the middle of rolling that out to all your Orkin brands?
John Wilson: Yes, so we've gone through the training for all the Orkin brands and now it's a matter of having this become part of the daily routine of what they go through and do. So each branch we are going through and as follow-up training is needed then will continue to do that to make sure that we are maximizing opportunities as quickly as we can. Just like with anything, you have very early adopters and you have others that take a little bit more time to be able to make a change. So this is a relatively material change in the life of a branch where we are having to have routes that are adjusted and changed. And probably most importantly, we have to make sure that we have all of the customer-related service times that need to be locked in that all of those are accounted for. So we want to make sure that as we are going through and we are optimizing that all of that is taken care of. And I think we've had good improvement since the beginning to get over the 50% number and we'll continue to move that forward.
Gary Rollins: Joan, we also have the ability to know whose is using and who is not. But the great thing is the excitement that the branches are going through is that we haven't had to poke anybody, but do have the ability to know where we stand in every branch.
Joan Tong: Got it. I see. Thanks for the update. And maybe you guys can talk a little bit about the lead activities or the operating metrics? And if I recall correctly in the second quarter there was some sort of softness in the lead generation on lead closure, and just want to see if that has improved? And also I have follow-up on Critter Control.
John Wilson: Okay. So Joan if it’s okay, we'll answer this one and then we’ll move on and let someone else get in the queue and please come back into the queue if that's okay with you. But as far as lead generation is concerned, all of our different areas, our termite control, our commercial and our residential, all are a little bit different states, but they are all in the single digits as far as our lead control to low-double digits. So we see lead enhancements continuing to be healthy in all of the different areas and we'll see - we think that we’ll see sales that will continue to move along based on that as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We’ll go next to Sean Kennedy with Nomura. Your line is open.
Sean Kennedy: Hi, good morning guys.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Kennedy: I was wondering if you could give an update on the size in terms of the revenue of HomeTeam, and also it's grown at install base about little over 10% since ‘07. I was wondering if you could sort of moving trends recently, if it’s accelerating or decelerating from that number?
Eddie Northen: Yes, so Sean we don't break out the size of HomeTeam at this point in time. We continue to see very positive trends and on previous calls I've given some specifics both the installation improvements as well as the actual revenue improvements. We see HomeTeam growing regularly faster than our total company growth rates, so that's a very positive thing for us. And as we continue to improve on the installations, as Gary mentioned in his remarks, it just gives us that many more opportunities to be able to have potential new customers through time. So all good things from HomeTeam and we’ll continue intermittently giving updates as far as specifics are concerned, but nothing really noticeable to necessarily report outside of the good results that we’ve talked about in previous calls.
Sean Kennedy: Got it. And are you able to give the active customer count?
Eddie Northen: We are not.
Sean Kennedy: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Great quarter.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll pause for a moment to allow further questions to queue.
Gary Rollins: No more questions?
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Joan Tong with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.
Joan Tong: Hi. Yes, the follow-up is regarding Critter Control. It seems like it’s a very nice growth area, and then Gary you touched on that a little bit on your prepared remarks. Can you just like remind us the economics in terms of the benefits of folding that back in or buying back the Critter Control franchisees, and also when you're reaching out to those franchisees just want to see what type of feedback you got from those proposal?
Gary Rollins: Well, the well-run Critter Control branches have certainly good margins. I mean some of them are better than some of our pest control margins. It's really a great fit for us. Critter Control was the number one brand in the market. We've already seeing big jumps in leads when we updated their internet coverage. They've not been very aggressive in that way and we can benefit from what we've learned from our pest control side. So we are excited. I mean, we - these folks have really never had a buyer per se. The guy that found Critter Control really all he wanted was to have franchises, so I think they have approximately 200.
Eddie Northen: For the franchise?
Gary Rollins: Yes.
Eddie Northen: So about 200.
Gary Rollins: Yes, so there is 200 franchises, so it's not insignificant. We just think it's a great fit and we also know how to do it. I mean with our Trutech operation, we've had a very good success. And so this is not really getting into something that we are not familiar with. So we're very optimistic about it.
John Wilson: Yes, so Joan since we bought some of those back where, I guess, we're little low over 100 now as far as the total franchises are concerned after we bought some of these back. And of course we bought the master franchise or we had the royalty fees that we were receiving. And to Gary's point, now in these key markets we're able to roll that brand name and the customer base into our existing wildlife operations and we are able to see some very good opportunities by combining those efforts together. And it took us a little while. We purchased them I think February of last year, and we’ve worked through all the economics of it to make sure that we started this correctly when we started the buyback. So it took us almost 10 months before we bought the first one back, so we wanted to make sure that it was done correctly in the right markets for the right price. So now that we have that down, we've been able to go through and get that process started and it's been very positive results for us so far.
Joan Tong: Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Joan.
Operator: And this does conclude our Q&A for today. I'd like to turn the call back to our presenters for any closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you for joining us today and we look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and year-end results on our next call.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - Investor Relations Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Eddie Northen - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Jamie Clement - Macquarie Joan Tong - Sidoti & Company Sean Kennedy - Nomura
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Rollins, Inc. Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you, Valerie. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin 1 hour after the call and run for 1 week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1888-203-1112, with the pass code 9004116. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Eddie Northen, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we will open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2016 conference call and Eddie will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are pleased to have posted positive results for the quarter marking our 41st consecutive quarter of improved revenue and earnings. For the quarter, revenue grew 4.8% to approximately $411.1 million compared to $392.2 million in last year’s second quarter. Income before taxes increased 6.4% to $77 million compared to $72.3 million for the second quarter of 2015. Net income rose 6% to $47.8 million or $0.22 per diluted share compared to net income of $45.1 million or $0.21 per diluted share for the same period last year. Revenues for the first six months grew 5.6% to $763.9 million compared to $723.1 million for the same period of last year. Net income increased 5.8% to approximately $79.7 million with EPS of $0.36 per diluted share compared to $75.4 million or $0.34 per diluted share. Historically, the company’s revenue and profit performance are somewhat lumpy from quarter to quarter. As examples, the weakest revenue percent increased last year was the third quarter. And in 2014, it was the fourth quarter. This repeated itself this year as the second quarter percent increase of 4.8% was a pace less than the first quarter. We think Mother Nature has a role in this regard and unfortunately we can’t control that. After saying that, I want to add that all of our business lines experienced good growth during the quarter, with residential pest control up 6.7% and commercial pest control grew 2.6%, while termite increased 5.2%. Eddie will provide more details on these numbers in a few minutes. The rollout of our CRM and new operating system, BOSS, went extremely well in the second quarter with over 95% of the working branches on the system by quarter end. We remain on track to have this rollout completed by the end of this current quarter. Eddie will also provide further information on this, but we are very pleased with our conversion and I won’t express my thanks to all of our employees that have worked so hard to make this happen. As I have said in the past, we believe this new operating system will be a real game changer for our company. We are also pleased to have made our first acquisition in the United Kingdom, Safeguard Pest Control and Environmental Services. This purchase further expands our global footprint. Safeguard is headquartered in Westerham, Kent and provides residential and commercial pest control services for its customers in Greater London and in surrounding Southeast counties, which by the way is one of the most densely populated English regions. Established in 1991, Safeguard is a UK pest control leader, with a rich history of providing exceptional pest control and bird control and other related services to residential and commercial customers. The company has a wonderful reputation and management team headed by Paul Butterick and Tim Sheehan with whom we share a mutual commitment to continuous improvement. They will remain here to run Safeguard’s operations and we look forward to sharing best practices between our two organizations. This quarter, we added 8 other pest control companies to our growing network. We are benefiting in many regards from these additions as all of us are smarter than any one of us. Earlier this morning, we announced several changes to the company’s operational leadership. The first situation involves Gene Iarocci after a long and successful business career at Rollins and Orkin, Gene will be retiring at the end of September. We are most fortunate to have Gene on our team for 13 years. He began his carrier as a regional manager trainee in 2003 starting in South Florida. Gene was very quickly promoted to Louisiana Region Manager in 2004. And the by the way, Gene is one of the few in our company’s history to have successfully operated a region without having managed a branch, no small fee. In 2005, Gene was promoted to Orkin’s Atlantic Division President and did an outstanding job. 5 years later, he was elevated to Rollins, Vice President of Corporate Services. In 2013, he returned to operations and was promoted as President of work in North America. In this role, Gene led Orkin to pass the $1 billion revenue milestone for the first time in our history. Gene will truly be missed both as a friend and a valued associate. We wish him and his wife truly the best as they entered the next chapter of their lives. We are truly blessed to have strong leadership across the country. And with Gene’s retirement, we have made several new assignments that will help us to exceed the $2 billion revenue mark. Freeman Elliot has been promoted to President of work in U.S., with the responsibility from leading five Orkin U.S. divisions as well as work in this national sales and client services teams. Freeman came to our company right after graduating from the University of Georgia at 1991. And like many of our superstars, started as a technician at that time, in our lawn care division. Following he successfully assume many other management roles, including having led two different working regions in two separate divisions. Most recently, he and his team have led the southeastern division to an excellent record of operational achievements. In addition to serving as President of home team, pest defense for the past 5 years, Jerry Gahlhoff will be elevated to assume responsibility for our Western Pest Services and Waltham Services brands. Jerry has been tremendously successful with HomeTeam in finding and cultivating outstanding employees that are making important contributions to our business and culture. Additionally, he will also be responsible for Rollins Human Resources and our training organization. Both of which help us recruit, educate and retain the very best people, our most important asset. Steve Leavitt who has headed our group of specialty brands will be leading our new emerging opportunities group. This group includes Orkin Canada, our Australian companies, Safeguard, the company that I just mentioned and any future international acquisitions. Steve will also be responsible for Trutech and Critter Control while retaining responsibility for IFC and PermaTreat. He is going to be very busy man. We have a great and experienced team at Rollins and worked diligently over the years to build our bench strength. Today, we see our efforts paying off as is evident from these announcements. Management development will be a never ending initiative as we maintain our crown of being the best pest control company in the world. I will now turn the call over to Eddie. Eddie?
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. We had a solid revenue growth that helped with our 41st consecutive quarter of improved earnings results. Even with accelerating BOSS related costs pushed into the first quarter, into this quarter as well, we had a strong 6% net income growth. Many of our operations have gone through a substantial effort during the very busy time of the year in order to get this project finished in August. Each of our service lines showed continued growth and key to the quarter included continued strong residential and termite revenue gain, new international market expansion, strong HomeTeam results and significantly higher year-over-year BOSS expense. Looking at the numbers, the company reported second quarter revenues of $411.1 million, an increase of 4.8% over the prior year’s second quarter revenue of $392.2 million. Good steady growth continued in 2016. For the quarter, income before income taxes increased 6.4% to $76.9 million. Last year, we had a small positive tax adjustment, which didn’t repeat this year. Our foreign taxes were a bit higher than last year due to the growth in our foreign operations. And as a result, net income increased 6% to $47.8 million with earnings per share of 4.8% to $0.22 versus $0.21 per diluted share last year in the second quarter. I will talk in a few minutes about our BOSS results to-date, but first I want to circle back to share some of the tremendous results that HomeTeam continues to produce. As they approach their milestone 1 million Taexx tubes in the wall pest control installations since inception they continued double-digit installation growth. Year-to-date, new installations were up 11.6%. Each install gives us an opportunity for HomeTeam to capture a new recurring pest control customer. Part of the continued overall Rollins termite success can be attributed to the excellent builder pre-treat and recurring termite customers of HomeTeam. This service is offered when HomeTeam works with builders during the new construction phase. Year-to-date, the number of homes receiving this pretreatment service has grown 12%. This installation opens the door for HomeTeam to continue to provide termite protection to that customer on a recurring basis moving forward, plus they enjoy the prospect of a potential pest control customer. Let’s take a look through the revenue by service line. Our total revenue increased to 4.8%, which included a small 0.04% from acquisitions and the remaining 4.4% was from pricing and organic growth. Residential pest control was up a solid 6.7%, commercial pest control up 2.6% and termite up strong 5.2%. During the quarter, we acquired Murray Pest Control in Australia, which made a positive impact on our termite business. And as I mentioned earlier, HomeTeam has been a key to our continued termite gains. As I have mentioned earlier, we have pushed a lot of expense into the first and second quarters to get this rollout wrapped up. But we are very pleased to see improvement that BOSS is producing on a limited basis today. Since the last call, we have added 1,200 new pest control and termite control iPhone equipped technicians to BOSS for a total of over 5300 active users. For those of you that are bit more tech-savvy, BOSS is a greatly improved platform that enables integration and products, which will speed the delivery of future enhancements. Separately from that, we see the business benefits to-date falling into three buckets employee, customer and financial. Starting with employee benefits, millennials to our most season employees love the ease of use and professional presence with the customer by moving from the old CN50 handheld to the new iPhone. The system helps to organize today for the technician and allow the needed changes to the route throughout the day. This is another way that we are creating a better overall job experience for our people. In addition, the system has built in turn-by-turn directions that will populate when the next customer is selected to help with ease and efficiency of navigating the route each day. Also when an employee is in front of the customer, the technician will have visibility to all of the services that are active with that customer. If one of our service technicians are with the customer they can more readily tell what of our other services they should offer, based on that customer’s needs. This will improve our ability to increase share of wallet as well as customer retention. As our war data shows, the more services a customer has, the stickier that customer will be going forward. The customer benefits are a key to the long-term success of the project. Customers now are able to receive an e-mail of an improved service ticket as soon as the service is complete instead of the former paper version. Currently, over 50% of our customers are taking advantage of this feature. Our customer experience will improve with our ability to schedule or reschedule a follow-up appointment in the future. The updates will be sent to technician’s iPhone, in some cases while the customer is still on the line. In the past, it was a very manual process and those same requests were received at our branch locations where the administrative group would have to call or text the technician to see how their day looked and then explain the change needed. This new scheduling process is much more customer friendly. One of the many financial benefits is the real-time thinking of customer service tickets and billing. This saves time from our administrative ranks no longer needing to post these services and will speed up the billing and collection cycle between one and two days. Beginning in Q3, our implementation in handheld expense for new iPhone kits were dropped dramatically. By Q4, these conversion costs will be completely eliminated. As we noted before, we are still assessing how we will address implementation of the other independent brands with this technology and we will keep you posted. With more regions now deployed, over the 12-month comparison period, we continue to see improvements in administrative overtime, customer retention both pest control and termite as well as reductions in pest control bad debt as the administrative groups are more able to concentrate on this important area of cash flow. We will continue to assess and monitor these and other areas of benefits as we continue down the maturity path of the system. In total, gross margin for the quarter improved to 52.3% versus 51.5% in the prior year. The margin for the quarter benefited from lower personnel related expense as group insurance claims were down year-over-year, lower fleet costs due to a decrease in fuel prices and service salaries as a percent of revenue with the better employee productivity. Depreciation and amortization expense for the second quarter increased 7.1% totaling $12.4 million. Depreciation was $5.9 million, increasing $1.16 million with most of that increase related to our BOSS system. Amortization was $6.4 million, which increased $57,000 due to the addition of Critter Control customer contracts that will be amortized over 7 years. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the quarter increased $7.9 million or 6.7%, but deteriorated slightly to last year at 30.8% of revenues. Increases were in the areas of professional services, mostly due to the Safeguard acquisition and higher sales salaries needed for the increased demand and increased administrative salaries due to the accelerated BOSS implementation. As for our cash position, for the first six months ended June 30, 2016, we spent almost $36 million on our 21 acquisitions and paid out $43.7 million in dividends, which is up 25% over last year. We were active with share repurchase in the open market, purchasing a total of 419,329 shares for a total of $11,158,491. We had $19.9 million of CapEx and ended with $126 million in cash, up 15.3% from last year. Last night, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share that will be paid on September 9, 2016 to the stockholders of record at the close of business August 10, 2016. This marks the 14th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12% or greater. We look forward to finishing the BOSS project and to begin realizing the benefits of our investments. For our analysts and the investment community, I hope that you will mark September 20 on your calendar for our first Rollins Investor Analyst Day in New York City. I look forward to the opportunity for you to meet our top executives and learn more about our businesses. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well, Eddie and I are here to answer any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from the line of Jamie Clement of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement: Gary, Eddie, good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Clement: Gary, when you were talking about your comments on HomeTeam, you mentioned that it had a contributing factor on the high growth rate in termite that you had during the quarter. Obviously, we know about HomeTeam. I don’t recall really historically you calling out HomeTeam is being a major contributor to termite. So, have you emphasized pre-treat through them more in recent quarters or in recent year or so or is it something that’s been there all along?
Eddie Northen: Hey, Jamie, this is Eddie. So, I am the one who had this comment.
Jamie Clement: My bad, I am sorry.
Eddie Northen: That’s okay. I think this is something that has been there through time. I don’t know that it’s necessarily tremendously different as far as the overall impact. Just wanted to highlight the fact that they do continue to have substantial growth in this particular part of what they offer, especially with the new builders. The thing that’s a positive there as we get a chance for that pretreatment and we are getting another opportunity to have a new customer, which has really given us an opportunity to continue to grow both on the termite and on the pest control sides.
Gary Rollins: And I think the size of the builders that we represent gives us a wonderful opportunity. One of the requirements of financing and most states require that there would be a pretreatment done on new homes. So, we are handy and we are taking advantage of it.
Jamie Clement: Now, Gary, with that requirement, is this sort of like does the homebuyer actually have to opt into that in some technical way or is it something where the builder just contracts with you and it’s going to happen regardless of what the incoming homeowner wants once that happens?
Gary Rollins: It’s a builder requirement.
Jamie Clement: Okay, got it.
Gary Rollins: As the homeowner at the time is not a typically – is not a homeowner.
Jamie Clement: Right, right.
Gary Rollins: It’s one of the first things that are done when a home start comes out of ground when the slab is poured is when the pretreatment is done.
Jamie Clement: Got it. And just to follow-up. Eddie, with respect to the BOSS system rollout, I think you gave us the kind of the incremental depreciation expense year-over-year. In terms of operating expense both that you can quantify as well as the stuff that’s a little bit less tangible, what do you think the total cost during the quarter other than depreciation related to BOSS may well have been that by let’s say the fourth quarter or first half of next year will be gone from your quarterly numbers?
Eddie Northen: Well, so in Q1 and Q2, we enhanced our rollout and a large part of the cost of that are the implementation teams. So, we basically in Q1 and Q2 kind of doubled up our efforts of what we have seen in previous quarters. So, we have contractors that we use for that where we actually have people at each one of the branch locations that are there as trainers that they are going through the implementation phase. So, that’s a large part of the overall expense as we roll this out. And then of course, the actual iPhone kits themselves. So, again in Q1 and Q2, we are doubling up our expense and our efforts there as we are getting those rolled out and that’s how we got to this total of over 5,300 total active users.
Jamie Clement: Okay. Are you depreciating the – are the iPhones CapEx though or are those actually OpEx or was it a mix?
Eddie Northen: Yes. So, the iPhones are OpEx, the depreciations for the system. So, the depreciation obviously will continue to build over time. And we will have that full Q3 as you move forward, but the implementation costs should be the part that will be reduced substantially in Q3 and will be eliminated in Q4 and the same thing with the iPhone kits.
Jamie Clement: Alright, that’s helpful. Because I think I may have had that wrong, because I would assume iPhones, I assume that was actually CapEx rather than actually flowing through the P&L, so my bad on that. Anyway, thanks.
Eddie Northen: Yes, okay.
Jamie Clement: Anyway, thanks very much for the time, Eddie. I appreciate it.
Eddie Northen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will move to our next question from the line of Joan Tong of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Joan Tong: Good morning, Gary and Eddie. How are you guys?
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Joan.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Joan Tong: So, the first question of regarding the growth rates and Gary, you mentioned the growth rate a little bit lighter in the first quarter. And if I were to ask you about the operating metrics that you always seemed to comment on that on each conference call, for example, the lead, the retention rate as well as the customer closing rates. Are those numbers, like in line with what you expected?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Retention was in line with what we expected. The phenomena of the pace, I guess, everybody has got a theory. I think my theory is that Mother Nature has more to do with that than anything. We were staffed. Our advertising was going. Our digital marketing was going. I mean, there was no operational hiccup. It was just a matter of leads and demand really.
Eddie Northen: Joan, if you look at the total revenue through the first two quarters and you compare back to the last three years, we are ahead of the pace of the last three years. So, I think Gary’s word of lumpiness is probably the best way to look at that. Q1 obviously was strong and Q2 not quite as strong as that. But to his point, retention rate is still well in line with where we expect them to be and sales results for service lines are in line as well.
Joan Tong: Okay. Because if you look at the commercial growth rate it’s particularly weak, I wouldn’t say weak – it seems to be growing at that 2%, 3% range. So, other than the lumpiness of the business, is there anything else like changes in competitive landscape, any specifically for that particular business line on commercial?
Gary Rollins: I really don’t think so. Our leads were not as strong as we like. Our commercial businesses, lot of good commercial businesses are sold in the branches and it’s influenced by the leads that we get. So, you might think, first of all, that commercial shouldn’t be impacted by Mother Nature, but it is and it doesn’t influence the lead flow. So, that’s our staffing was there, our pricing was there. We have had competition from the start. So, I don’t really think that anything unique is taking place in the competitive area. That would be my take, Joan, on the situation.
Eddie Northen: Yes. Joan, I think we have had good growth on the residential and on the termite side. And if you take a look at the commercial kind of like our revenue in total, if you look at our commercial year-to-date, we are higher at 3.6% than we were for the full year 2015. So, it’s not growing at the same rate necessarily as the residential or the termite in this quarter, but still well in line if you look at it just from last year’s number.
Joan Tong: Okay, alright. That’s fair. And maybe moving forward to the expenses – to the expenses questions, I mean Jamie asked about the depreciation and amortization expenses, I got it like what $12 million for this quarter, is it a good run rate, so next quarter are we going to see like a further hedge up that I assume that’s the case. And that’s first question. And then second question, it seems to me like your iPhone kit expenses is not done yet, so fourth quarter, I am not sure you talked about it might edge down but maybe there will be more next year, can you just elaborate on that two fronts?
Eddie Northen: So let me go to your second question first. So we are 95% done with the Orkin brand at the end of the quarter. At this point in time, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are still assessing what we are going to do if anything with the other independent brands. We are going to take a look and see what makes sense from a financial perspective with the changes we would have to make to the system and then what the return would be for those independent brands. So once we get done with this work and at this point in time, we will be done with the iPhone kits as far as the add-on and again we have 5% of total Orkin left. That will be done in Q3 and we won’t have any expense at all in Q4 unless we would make the decision to move forward with one of the other independent brands which of course we will share with you once we know more along those fronts.
Joan Tong: Okay.
Eddie Northen: And when we take a look at – if you take a look at some of those other independent brands and the reason why we are having to go through and do this assessment is because they are very different than Orkin. Some of their business models are different. Some of them are more weighted towards commercial where it may or may not be the same benefits that we would see as an overall more balanced Orkin groups. So that’s what’s going on with that analysis right now.
Joan Tong: Okay. And did you disclose like what’s the elevated expenses related to BOSS and that it’s going to roll off in the fourth quarter, is it like a major impact on your bottom line a $1 or $2?
Eddie Northen: Yes. We didn’t break that out. But I think we are going to be along the same lines of what we saw a year ago when we talked about what the impact was for the entire year. So if you think about what we talked about as far as entire year, we finished everything off through the first two quarters. And then we will go through from there and be able to have virtually nothing in the fourth quarter and much less in the third quarter. The implementation piece is a big piece. It’s going to go away. And we won’t need as many developers to be able to help with the changes that we had to make as we have been rolling this out. So those are all going to be pieces they are going to go into that.
Joan Tong: Okay, great. Alright. Thank you. And then maybe talk a little bit about the UK pest control landscape, is it your first acquisition in that area, so I assume that like you are – we will continue on like making effort there in terms of expanding that region, just like how you did that in Canada years ago and then like in Australia. And so can you just maybe talk about like how the competitive landscape like we know that there is a sizable competitors on the top, but is it also pretty fragmented at the bottom?
Eddie Northen: It is. It’s very fragmented. I am not sure if it’s to the same exact degree that we have in the U.S., but it’s a very, very fragmented market. And I think we are just going to have this be another one of the opportunity areas that we look at as we are looking at the best way to deploy our cash from an acquisition perspective, as we look around the world.
Gary Rollins: Joan, there is another advantage to this acquisition. We really want an international model branch to show our franchise owners and potential owners. I mean now they come over to the U.S. and they visit our commercial operations typically in our residential. And they are just not the same that that independent owner really has to model his business after. So one of the pluses, I think that we are going to get is we are going to have a model operation that they can get a better sense of really how to get organized and how to conduct their business.
Joan Tong: Alright. Thank you, guys.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Thanks Joan.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from the line of Sean Kennedy of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Sean Kennedy: Good morning Gary and Eddie. Thanks for taking my questions.
Eddie Northen: Good morning Sean.
Sean Kennedy: Eddie, you mentioned the way BOSS has affected the business so far, but have you identified any new opportunities related to BOSS as it becomes more mature?
Eddie Northen: Well, I think when we first looked at BOSS over 2 years ago, they were I am sure a few things that came to everyone’s mind that would be able to benefits to make this, make sense. And I think as we roll, I think a few different things. I think the role of the administrative team and the branches is going to be completely different. We knew they were going to tasks that we are going to be eliminated which had been eliminated. But I think to the degree of how we foresee them being, we are really going to be change that branch administrative person now to become much more customer focused. We are seeing that in the retention rates that I mentioned earlier. I talked about specific numbers on last quarter, but I talked about just in general we continue to see our pest control and our termite control retention numbers continue to get better. And I think those branch service folks as well as service technicians are all going to be able to improve that customer experience, which is going to help us with our retention. And anything that we can do to spend more time with the customer is going to do nothing, but help us with our existing customers and as far as growing our customer base. I think that’s one area. We have talked in previous calls about the routing and scheduling. I don’t know if that was on our radar to the degree that it is today with this virtual route manager as a bolt-on. So I think those are couple of areas that are going to be a key to us as we are moving forward. But the bottom line is, anything we can do to make that customer experience better, we are just going to be better for it and we think both of those pieces are going to enable us to be able to do that.
Sean Kennedy: Great, got it. And just won more question, one of your competitors just announced collaboration with Google to develop an Internet of Things for pest control like applying Big Data and predictive analytics to pest control, how do you think it will impact the industry and are you engaged with similar developments at Rollins?
Gary Rollins: Well, I can tell you that our marketing group has been really involved with the data analytics piece for probably in the last 2-plus years now, breaking everything down in all the different service lines and taking a look at all the different factors that go into retaining customers, growing customers, customer segments, customer segments by income, by geography, by our different independent brands. And that’s a lot of what they use when we go through and we make our decisions on how we advertise, how we price, how we go through and make the decision on what, where we want to spend our management resources as well as our capital to be able to go through and grow our business. So I am not familiar with the specifics of what you are talking about with the competitor, but I do know that our internal marketing group from my perspective has done a tremendous job with that and helping the guidance as we continue to move forward.
Sean Kennedy: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Gary Rollins: Does that answer your question, Sean?
Sean Kennedy: Okay, that’s it. Thanks.
Gary Rollins: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we have a follow-up question from the line of Jamie Clement of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement: Hey, Gary and Eddie. Just want to follow-up. I would assume this question would have come up already, but it hasn’t, I did want to ask you about the mosquito business this summer obviously with the serious Zika virus concerns that are out there?
Gary Rollins: Okay. You just want general kind of...
Jamie Clement: Yes. Just your general thoughts like I mean I know that’s obviously historically pretty small part of your business, but it doesn’t sound like it’s been the equivalent of bedbugs from a couple of years ago to your industry, but I would imagine in certain areas of country you probably get more phone calls?
Gary Rollins: Yes. I think that’s a very serious assessment. We absolutely are. We are getting more phone calls and we are having more opportunities in lot of areas, areas that you would expect we are probably seeing more. So we saw growth in Florida earlier, because they are going to have much demand than we would see in other parts of the country. If you take a look at a very, very small base that we have, sales in a lot of areas have grown tremendously. I mean they have doubled in some areas as far as mosquito growth, but again, small base. That’s the phenomena and as you know, it’s something that built over time. Year one was big growth. But I am not sure that anybody knew that it was going to be 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, 6 years, 7 years phenomenon. And we are kind of in it’s year one right now from the Zika perspective of the mosquito. So we will continue to – we want to continue to make sure that we are playing the right role in this. We want to make sure that we are educating the community to make sure the people know and understand what they can do to be able to help reduce or eliminate the concerns they have. And if they need professional help, we actually want to be the ones to be able to help them in that perspective. But we also have a benefit of marketing our other services. I mean we may get a mosquito call, but we have an opportunity to have a recurring pest control customer. And then we also have an opportunity, we have a termite customer. So in addition to the revenue that it generates directly, there is revenue that’s generated indirectly.
Jamie Clement: Now Gary, I wanted to ask it doesn’t seem to me that the industry has historically done much advertising on regarding mosquito service and I have this feeling and maybe I m totally off base here, but that the technology that you guys can bring to bear the treatment protocols and then maybe even the chemicals are a lot better than they were 15 years ago, I just have this feeling that Americans kind of doubt whether your mosquito treatments or the industry’s mosquito treatments really work all that well, do you think there is a disconnect here and maybe an opportunity over the next couple years to push the service?
Gary Rollins: Well, we obviously we think our service is better. We do mystery shopping where we see what the competitors are doing. And there are several things that we do that in addition to what’s done. I believe as long as this Zika situation stays covered as far as the press is concerned, it generates a lot of mosquito business and that mosquito customers are really happy. I have been in this business for five decades and I never had a service that people will stop to you, talk to you at cocktail parties. I mean they are very excited about the fact that they get their back yard return to them.
Eddie Northen: Jamie, from the advertising perspective remember not everywhere in the U.S. has mosquito demand. It’s only in certain areas. I mean everybody has ants, everybody has cockroaches, everybody has other stuff, not everybody has mosquito. To Gary’s point, that he just made I am the personal mosquito customer of ours. And I have lived in this out for many, many, many years and I tried every other off the shelf product that was out there. And it does not hold the candle to this mosquito service. I mean you actually do reclaim your yard at that point of time is that something you are trying to do. And the stats are behind it. I mean it’s our best retention product that we have it over 95%.
Gary Rollins: And I think that the environmental concerns that the consumer has really sets us apart from Joe in his pickup truck and the fogging machine. And as Eddie said, we have – on the Internet, we have quite a few spikes where we really explain to the homeowner what they can do, how they can eliminate mosquito trap.
Jamie Clement: Okay. I appreciate that additional color a lot. Thank you all very much.
Gary Rollins: Thanks Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Gary Rollins: Okay, I guess that’s it. And we want to thank you for being here. We look forward to reporting in the third quarter. I think we will know more about BOSS at that time because we have another quarter under our belt and branches getting more material. And we look forward to it. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO Eddie Northen - VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Denny Galindo - Morgan Stanley Dan Dolev - ‎Nomura James Clement - Macquarie Joan Tong - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Rollins Incorporated First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you, Tony. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 with the pass code 7012944. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Eddie Northen, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2016 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on the call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are pleased to have posted solid results for the quarter, which represents our 40th consecutive quarter of improved revenue and earnings.  For the quarter, revenue grew 6.6% to approximately $352.7 million compared to $330.9 million in last year's first quarter. Income before income taxes rose 9.8% to $51.2 million compared to $46.6 million last year. Net income rose 5.4% to $31.9 million or $0.15 per diluted share, compared to net income of $30.3 million or $0.14 per diluted share. I’d like to point out that net income for 2016 did not include a favourable non-recurring tax adjustment present in the 2015 net income figure.  All of our business lines experienced good growth during the quarter with residential pest control up 7.6%; commercial pest control grew 4.7%, and termite rose 7.4% for the quarter. This was the best performance in that area in quite some time. Eddie will provide more details on these numbers in a few minutes.  As we stated in the past, the strategic acquisitions continue to be an important component in our initiatives to further grow our business. And we are pleased to have closed seven acquisitions in North America this quarter, as well as one in Australia. The acquisitions we made across the US add to our primary service lines: residential and commercial pest control and termite. These companies were located in Southern California, one in Washington state, two in Texas, one in Florida and another in Georgia.  Our nationwide branch network provides great merger opportunities with a dispersed graphical group like this. As announced in March, we are pleased to have continued our expansion in Australia with the acquisition of Murray Pest Control, which is based in Adelaide, Australia. This company provides traditional residential, commercial and termite service offerings through a mix of company-owned and franchise operations. This purchase will also give us an opportunity to learn first-hand about Australian franchises.  On our last call, we mentioned the nine Orkin international franchises that we had established at the end of 2015. This quarter we expanded our presence in Central Asia with the addition of a new franchise in the Republic of Kazakhstan. One of the investments that we're making in our international expansion plan is the hosting of an annual summit meeting for our franchises from Europe, Central and South America, the Middle East, India and South Korea. This conference provides the opportunity for franchisees in these countries to share successes and to benefit from marketing and sales training, among other topics which help improve their businesses. These meetings are proving to be so valuable that we will be hosting our first summit meeting for franchise owners in the Asia Pacific region next month in Xiamen, China.  Closer to home, we're pleased to have hosted here in Atlanta at our Rollins Learning Center a delegation of 22 representatives from the Chinese Pest Control Association, which included the President of the Federation of Asian & Oceania Pest Managers Association. We scheduled this event a day following their attendance at the National Pest Management Association's PestWorld conference in Nashville. The participants were anxious to improve their knowledge of the US pest control market. They spent a day at the center where they were involved in both classroom instruction and hands-on activities. The delegation received a variety of presentations on specific topics and information, including advertising, internet management, marketing and technical subjects.  They also heard from several other Rollins departments, fleet, IT, purchasing and so forth which cover the role that each has in our business. It’s proved to be a great experience for all concerned and we look forward to hosting visitors from other pest control associations from around the world. These events provide us excellent networking opportunities.  HomeTeam continues to garner business and recognition from its home builder partners. For the fifth consecutive year, HomeTeam received the David Weekley Homes’ Partners of Choice Award. HomeTeam has been a builder partner with David Weekley for 10years and was one of the only eight companies to receive A quality rating last year. They also are the only pest control company ever to receive this award.  In addition to this national recognition, several of HomeTeam’s regional operations have also received honors and awards. The company's Fayetteville, North Carolina team earned the McKee Home Quality Vendor award. This coveted award goes to the top five McKee vendors. Additionally, HomeTeam’s San Antonio branches received the Pulte Top performer award for their outstanding service. All of these company teams are to be congratulated.  Recognition within our organization doesn’t stop with HomeTeam. At the National Pest Management Association Annual Conference, Dr Ron Harrison of our company was recognized as a winner of the 2015 PCT Syngenta Crown Leadership award. This award spotlights individuals who have contributed positively to the growth and development of the structural pest control industry festival, as well as established ties with fellow business leaders, civic groups and customers. Ron certainly fits all of that criteria more and is very deserving of this important award.  Ron serves as Rollins’ technical services director who joined us in 1998 and was instrumental in planning and constructing the Rollins Learning Center. Additionally, he helped develop our curriculum for service, sales and management courses and oversaw introduction of this training to the field. Ron was involved in bringing distance learning programs to more than 400 working branches. Additionally, Ron works closely with industry regulatory agencies, the academic community vendors and the media.  Last month, based on his customer service excellence, Waltham Services’ Peter Gorman was named by PC Magazine as commercial technician of the year. This award is sponsored by BASF Pest Control Solutions and recognizes pest, termite and commercial technicians who offer the very best service in the industry. I'd like to thank Ron and Peter for their contributions to our company and our industry. On our last call, the Zika virus had just raised its ugly head and was beginning to gain attention through the US media. In the three months since then, the concern about Zika has intensified. As an example, the CDC stated a couple of weeks ago, everything that we look at with this virus seems to be a bit scarier than we initially thought. And as summer approaches, officials are warning that mosquito eradication efforts, lab tests and vaccine research may not be able to quickly catch up. Most recent CDC report shows 346 cases of Zika have been confirmed in the United States. They recognize that the species of mosquitoes transmitting the virus are present in all or part of 30 states, not just the 12 as originally indicated.  Educating the public is an important part of containing the spread of this virus. We invite you to visit our Mosquitoes page or visit mosquitoes101 infographic on the orkin.com section of our website. The information contained there is designed to educate the public about the Zika virus and provides tips to protect one from mosquito bite.  Speaking of our website, I'd like to thank everyone in the company involved in the recent upgrade of the Rollins sites. Our sites now contain expanded information on Rollins, Orkin and our specialty brands. For those of you who utilize the investor section, we've added a significant amount of information that we believe will give you a more complete insight into our operation.  We're off to a good start for the year and we look forward to discussing our progress with you through the year. I’ll now turn the call over to Eddie who will provide you with details on our first quarter financials and further insights into our initiatives. Eddie?
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. Record setting revenue growth was a key to our 40th consecutive quarter of improved revenue and earnings results. Behind the record setting results were well executed, targeted marketing initiatives and the performance for our operators, as well we pushed forward successfully on our BOSS system rollout during a very busy time in many parts of our business.  We once again had a very strong performance in the first quarter with all service lines showing significant continued growth. Each of the quarter included robust revenue gain, accelerated cadence of acquisition, less currency headwinds that were offset by higher year-over-year BOSS, our new CRM system expense and limited savings from fuel. A one-time 2015 tax event impacted the net income increases this quarter.  Looking at the numbers, the company reported first quarter revenues of $352.7 million, an increase of 6.6% over the prior year’s first quarter revenue of $331 million. Our sales and marketing teams continued to do an outstanding job in our balanced growth.  For the quarter, income before income taxes increased 9.8% to $51.2 million but in the first quarter 2015 we had a large beneficial adjustment that reduced the effective tax rate that we did not have in the first quarter 2016. Also, our foreign taxes were a bit higher than last year due to the growth in our foreign operations. As a result, net income increased 5.4% to $31.9 million with earnings per share up 7.1% to $0.15 versus $0.14 per diluted share last year in the first quarter.  Tax credits are nicer when you get down than when you have to explain them a year later. Our investment involved in the associated implementation and depreciation cost as planned nearly doubled year over year. The BOSS implementation expense will begin to subside towards the end of Q2 and become virtually eliminated towards the end of Q3. We will continue to have our full depreciation moving forward.  In addition, our branch operations staffing has been pushed forward in the year with the increased demand that we had seen early in the season. One example following a smaller base is the increased requests for mosquito service, particularly driven by the well publicized concern around Zika.  As Gary mentioned, we recently purchased our first Critter Control franchises and we will be incorporating this incredible brand name into our existing Trutech operating model. Whether it’s a need for the removal of raccoon, bats or cute little squirrels that make their way into your home, both Critter Control and Trutech have seen very good double digit growth for some time and the combination of the number one and number two brands in the industry will give us great momentum for growth into the future in the wildlife control category.  The combination of these groups moving forward will provide greater efficiency, positive growth opportunities for the brand and an enhanced career path for Trutech employees as they will be able to stay with Trutech or venture into their own new Critter Control franchise territories in currently targeted markets.  Let's take a look to the revenue by service line. Our total revenue increase of 6.6% included approximately 7% underlying sales and pricing growth and four-tenths of a percent contribution from acquisition, offset by currency headwinds for approximately eight-tenths of a percent.  Residential pest control was up a tremendous 7.6%, commercial pest control up 4.7% and termite up an impressive 7.4%. Our previously announced Q1 acquisitions were featured in during the quarter and Critter Control was the only major acquisition that was included in our numbers this quarter.  Our sales teams continued to gain momentum with improvements in the area of commercial pest control, residential pest control, termite and national account. Our National Accounts team has a nice win and pricing in all areas continues to be strong.  Again for the quarter, when we take out the impact of foreign currency, residential which makes up 41% of our revenue grew 7.5%. Commercial pest control, which is 41% of our revenue was up 4.6%, and termite, which makes up 17% of our revenue was up 6.7%.  As I’ve mentioned to many of you over the past month, today we will be providing more detailed update as to where we are with BOSS, share some lessons learned and our expectations over the Q2.  Where we are today. As previously mentioned, we have advanced our rollout and now plan to be complete with Orkin by Q3 of this year and are currently 80% deployed. This means that we have over 4700 iPhones in the hands of our service technicians as of April. This decision impacted our profit growth for the quarter but is setting us up for longer term enhanced profitability sooner.  Lessons learned. At this point in time we have four regions that have been involved for over a year. And we've had a chance to compare quarter over quarter results for those branches for the rollout and app. While these results are not seen in all regions, we saw a reduction in administrative overtime by over 20%. Customer pest control retention increased by over 7% with more attention spent on the customer and less on the administrative cap. Miles per stop decreased by over 10% with the help of turn by turn directions given to technician, and a greater than 20% improvement in pest control bad debt as the administrative group was more able to concentrate on the important area of cash flow.  Overall results are very encouraging and we look forward to assessing these and other areas into the future. Please realize that these are high points and not branch wide accomplishments. As you would expect, our vision for the future with BOSS is very bright. Because of the BOSS conversion, our call center lead management system of contact360 is now embedded and we have all the benefits of technician scheduling, customer appointment by our call centers sales executive.  Our sales force productivity will be enhanced with their systems integration into BOSS. Our sales force will now have full visibility to their higher customer base, can access by vertical or by geography. Today if a salesperson has time between appointment, in most cases they are cold calling, because they do not have visibility to their customer base. With this integration into BOSS, the same salesperson will be able to search their existing customer base in a given geographic area, and take the opportunity to thank their customers for their business and inquire what other services we could provide.  The customer now just has a standard pest control. There can be a need for other services. This will be a much more efficient process that will enable the sales force take their excellent results to the next level. From a cost and customer service side, the possibility exists for improving administrative efficiency in some branches from an hour's work perspective. Efficiently we think that there is the opportunity to focus our branch, administrative team to think in more on the customer service and customer experience rather than just the historical clerical item.  Another of our benefit is that BOSS is enabling us to take our first step in route and rallying the technicians more efficiently. On previous calls, we've mentioned the virtual route management for BRM and how this can help with our routing capability when implemented. For example, in a few of our Midwest regions, we started the rollout and the limited results have been extremely positive. Our first step is simply taking the work that is scheduled for the day and rallying that in the most efficient or optimized way keeping in mind all customer specific needs and working around them.  Based on our initial branch rollout, we have the possibility of reducing miles by 10% to 15% which frees up valuable time for our technicians to ensure they are better meeting service commitments and providing more time to start new customer business which in the spring time and summer is at a premium. None of these sales improvements, productivity gains, routing enhancement, and most importantly customer experience enhancement could be possible without the successful rollout. We're on pace for the 200 to 300 basis point improvement with the execution of this revenue, costs, and customer improvement and excited about the impact BOSS will have on our business.  In total, gross margin for the quarter improved 49.6% versus 49.2% in the prior year quarter. Margin for the quarter benefited from lower personnel related expenses as group insurance premium claims were down year over year, lower fleet costs due to the decrease in fuel price, service salaries as a percent of revenue, and better productivity. The margin decreases were partially offset by increased materials and supply usage as we enter our business season.  Depreciation and amortization expense for the first quarter increased 8%, totalling $11.6 million. Depreciation was $5.4 million, increasing 803,000 with most of that increase related to our new BOSS system. Amortization was $6.3 million which increased 66,000 due to the addition of Critter Control customer contract that will be amortized over seven years.  Sales, general and administrative expenses for the quarter increased $6.7 million or 6.3% but slightly improved to last year at 31.8% of revenue. A reduction in the area of bad debt and ongoing cost containment program were offset by higher seasonal sales salaries needed for the increased volume and increased administrative salaries due to the accelerated BOSS implementation. Including our accelerated BOSS expense, income before income tax was up 9.8% in the quarter and net income was up 5.4% when comparing the favorable tax rate in 2016.  Our balance sheet remains strong as we continue to look for more opportunities to reinvest in our business through technology and acquisition. For the quarter, we spent over $21 million on acquisition with the addition of select Critter Control franchises and other pest control opportunities. Our pipeline for M&A is full for the remainder of 2016.  We had $9 million of capital expenditures for the quarter and had $131 million in cash along with no debt. Last night the board of directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share that would be paid on June 10, 2016, stockholders of record at the close of business May 10, 2016. The cash dividend is a 25% increase over the prior year’s dividend. This marks the 14th consecutive year that the board has increased our dividend by 12% or greater.  We’re off to an incredible start to the year and look forward to solidifying our technology improvement, support and improved customer experience coupled with productivity enhancements in the coming quarters.  I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you. We're now ready to open the call for any questions which you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box : So in 4Q you guys actually quantified what the BOSS impact was for the year. I think you said it was a $0.05 drag on 2015. And I apologize if I missed it in the quarter, but can you maybe just quantify what the BOSS implementation was just so we can get a sense of where it is once it updates post 3Q?
Eddie Northen: So for the quarter, with the implementation cost -- so if you're asking about the partners go [ph] the implementation cost was a little bit less than a penny. And if you remember back in the Q4 call we talked about what we felt like the impact would be pretty usual [ph]. 
Joe Box : Right, it was expected to be somewhat similar. 
Eddie Northen: That's right. 
Joe Box : And then I guess on that same vein, Eddie, you gave some nice steps in the BOSS system so far. I wanted to ask about lead conversion in particular. Are you seeing much better conversion with the ability to plan for your routes better and show up on site in less time? How does that compare for the locations that have been converted versus the ones that haven’t?
Eddie Northen: So when we take a look at customer retention, we look at that early, compare that also – those results also with the improvement we see from the revenue gain, the pest control retention has been better, pre and post. So we know that by being at the right customer location on the right day the right time, is giving that better customer experience which for us is the most important thing, that we know is going to enable us to be able to continue to retain customer at a higher rate. 
Gary Rollins: And Eddie, if I could add one thing. We also – the BOSS also gives them more time, which in addition to improving their scheduling, it also gives them an opportunity to spend more time with the customers.
Joe Box : And just so I'm clear, are you saying that retention is the same on the backend with existing customers and you're also comparing it to, once a lead comes in, somebody needs some level of service and they're a new customer. And you're able to convert that lead into a customer; is that commonly referred to as retention? 
Eddie Northen: Joe, when I was talking about retention, I am talking about the percent of customers that stay with us on an annual basis. So what we did is we compare the same branch locations, in the same region before they went on BOSS and then after they went on BOSS. And those are the improvements that I was talking about. It’s the improvement in the retention, so customers are retaining and staying with us at a higher rate for the regions that are on BOSS.
Joe Box : That's what I thought. I guess I was more curious on the front end of the calculation, if you're getting a hundred leads, are you now converting 80 whereas before you were converting 70. And ultimately what I'm trying to understand is, has that resulted in a step up in terms of the organic growth that you saw this quarter, are there some other factors that are like weather that might have driven that step up? 
Eddie Northen: Warmer is always better for us, Joe, you know that. That’s always good thing. We are seeing things move on both side, we see the improvement on the BOSS side, we see an improvement as far as our marketing efforts and sales efforts are concerned.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will move to Denny Galindo with Morgan Stanley.
Denny Galindo : Thanks for taking my question. I want to delve in a little bit into the termite strength. It’s been good for two quarters now, almost like the Q4 strength carried into this quarter. Is anything different happening there, are you gaining share, is the weather just supporting that, on any other color you could give on termite would be helpful. 
Eddie Northen: Denny, termite has been stronger for the last couple of quarters. As we talked in previous quarters, some of that we see as cyclical, a different type of few warmer weeks in one quarter versus another quarter can help drive the numbers one way or another. But our sales group is doing a good job with that. And there they're continuing to grow their sales and they're able to close at a higher rate. They've made adjustments. If you were back on the call maybe three quarters ago, two quarters ago we made a slight adjustment to the organization, the sales group. They’re doing a better job using -- the use of the technology which is enabling us to be able to close at a better rate. So home suite is the technology that our sales group uses. So really we have a better opportunity to put a better product in front of the customer to be able to sell. So before using the technology, before using the home suite, it was a salesperson that was trying to verbalize what the needs were to the customer. And now with the home suite, it gives a pretty visual of where the issues are, what the concerns are and it’s enabling our sales folks to be able to improve their closure rate with use of the home suite. And it was something that we rolled out, we rolled the technology out, knowing that it was a good technology and just kind of assumed that everybody would look at it, know it’s a good technology and use this. And when we went back and look we saw that it wasn't being used at the rate that we would have anticipated and we went through, we did a follow-up training, sales folks clearly understand the benefits of it and we've seen improved sales because of that.
Denny Galindo : Is there any difference in pricing or I can make a bet versus liquid or anything like that the home suite is allowing you to kind of focus on more by having that product out there?
Eddie Northen: No, home suite is really not going one way or another with that. I mean that’s really just -- naming it to be able to sell and then where we are in the country and whatever the needs are as far as the customer – decision is made as far as you going one way or another, of course they would look better. The use of the technology has been – again has been good. We’re retaining our sales team at a higher rate than we have in previous quarter as well. I think the combination of all those things are continuing to give us good momentum when it comes to sales team.  One, which is the last thing, last quarter one of the things that we talked about was our ability to be able to up on the finance side for customers and we have our in-house financing that we use just purely from a sales perspective, and we are finding that the sales group, at a higher rate and that’s helping them to close and enabling us to grow at a faster pace than what we’ve grown at in the previous quarters. 
Denny Galindo : One other one on mosquito, I've heard some people talk about mosquito could eventually be as big as pest or termite, and you kind of mentioned the Zika virus, so maybe you could give us some details on your mosquito offering, how it's different than competitors, how the kind of the business model is a little different? Is it more frequent visits or less frequent that sort of thing? And then any kind of outlet you have on how big you think that could get this year?
Eddie Northen: Again it’s a small base for us, it’s growing rapidly, of course with the well publicized Zika virus, is that it’s giving people a reason to call on mosquito but it's not something that we do, and we could live with, it’s something that in a lot of cases, we have existing customers that would use this as another service they would use from us. I talked about our – the use of the BOSS information by our sales group, that's a great example. So we may have a customer that existing testing for customer, we call on them, and they contact with them and then we’re able to go and sell another service at one time.  From the frequency perspective, it’s going to be once every other month type of service, and for us – if a customer has the pest control and they want to add on the mosquito, then that’s a very good thing for us from a productivity perspective. 
Gary Rollins: I'd like to add to that. Although the frequency of the number of times if your services is typically five or six depending on the market. But there is clearly a mosquito season and as winter time approaches and late fall and you don't have mosquito. So this is not a twelve month type of service offering. So I think that, to your initial question about is it going to be like termite or conventional residential pest control, because of that limitation, the response to that would be no. 
Operator: Next we will move to Dan Dolev with ‎Nomura.
Dan Dolev : Thanks for taking my question. Just to return to termite, those swarm picked up in the spring, it was unclear to me. 
Eddie Northen: I don't think we used the word swarm but the spring time is definitely a better time when it comes for termite. And it has been warmer in a lot parts of the country. So there's definitely demand out there for it. I think the other thing, Dan, that we just talked about, I think are key parts of it, I think the technology piece, the home suite has made a difference, retaining of our sales folks has made a difference. And the ability to be able to finance to close the deal has also made a difference. I think when you compare those nice warm spring time in a lot of areas, that stuff has helped us out. 
Dan Dolev : Can you provide some more color on the very strong acceleration in the residential side despite the toughening compares, what has been driving that? 
Eddie Northen: Yes, residential again, from the sales perspective, has again done very well. Pricing has been good. And the targeted marketing efforts have really given us a chance to be able to know exactly what markets that we would spend our time and energy on and payback dividends for us. Again we kind of combine some of those different things and what our marketers have learned over the last probably four to six quarters, they put in place over the last three to four quarters, we really see the fruits of that, especially in the retention. 
Dan Dolev : Is that sort of a run rate we should be thinking about? 
Eddie Northen: I don't know that we can ever say exactly where it is. If you look back over the last three years you’d see the ebbs and flows of commercial and residential. In 2013 we saw in our residential growing at a faster rate and then in 2014 you saw it slow down some, little bit of cyclicality, commercial growing at a faster rate and in 2015 you saw it reverse again. You saw residential growing faster and we're seeing the same thing as we move into 2016. 
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will move to James Clement with Macquarie.
James Clement : Gary, I think that might be a need of a little wildlife control industry 101. If you could indulge me. Strikes me as being an incredibly fragmented industry, perhaps other than Critter Control and Trutech, how fast has this market been growing in your opinion, let's say, over the last five or ten years, how fast do you think you all can grow? And then last question, with respect to the branch -- at the Critter Control franchises that are still out there, both Critter Control requires the right to purchase those at certain intervals, at pre-negotiated multiples of whatever earnings they're doing. Can you just give us a little bit more info on the marketplace? 
Gary Rollins: Well, to give you a fair answer we don't know. This is the first time that this opportunity has come along to this Critter Control franchises. Franchisor that we successfully purchased never had an interest in buying franchises, his whole play was that he wanted to add franchises, he didn't operate. And I think that as a result there wasn't much of a market for these folks to sell. So I think in the range of the acquisitions, I mean there's some very large locations. And there's a very small ones. Our situation is we're trying to look where we have a Trutech operation, where we have merger opportunities. That’d be the first priority.  If the big one came along and we didn't have a Trutech operation we certainly wouldn’t acquire that too. So we're just getting our toe in the water so to speak but I think as I told to Eddie the other day I said the jumbo drums are beating with us acquiring two of these there's no doubt that the interest is going to exist and permeate is going to be dramatic, because now they have a buyer. The other good thing about it is, we're not getting into typically a bidding contest. We don’t have, like pest control where you’ve got three other potential buyers waiting in the wings. So I don't mean to deduct the questions, I mean, we will know more next quarter than we know this quarter. The other positive is that we know this business. This isn’t like us kind of getting into something that we're not familiar with. Trutech the number two brand. And the number two -- although they are a distant number two, we have a wonderful opportunity, unlike anything that has come along since I'm been around.
Eddie Northen: This is Eddie. So something to add to that, the growth rate has been a good double digit growth rate in that category for us. And removal of the animal is a piece of that, but it also opens up a great opportunity for us to take a next step with our customers. And that is to do exclusive work. So it’s one thing to have apps when you're at it and examine, have those bats that are removed, and then it's a whole another service for us to provide to be able to close that off to the back and not go back into that at it. That's whole another service for us. But going in and removing of the animal to start with opens up that opportunity for us to be able to now do that additional service. 
Gary Rollins: Some of the market, you also have depending on the pests, you also have an extended protection plan opportunity much like the people with the washing machines and ovens and so forth that -- there are some pests you can exclude, there are some pests that you can’t exclude. So we're able to offer an ongoing program or at least certainly a program that could go into the second year where they can extend their protection at a disk. 
James Clement : So Gary, not a particularly big market but kind of the mid tier sort of market or maybe even a little bit smaller than that, who are the folks that are actually competing with you all? I've been having a problem trying to figure that out. Is it, somebody calls up another local pest control operator and says, hey, can you fix this and the guy just gives it a shot and quote some price. I am trying to figure out who you compete with. 
Eddie Northen: Jamie, I think most of those folks are going to be one-offs. You’re going to have an individual or two people market. There will be some of our pest control competitors that will have those folks as well. We -- in roughly half of our Orkin branches around the US we have individuals that have a feel that to be able to this as well. That’s kind of the way that we've done it. And other pest control companies have the same type of thing. They'll have kind of hit and miss, they will have somebody that has this buildup, because it is a different buildup to be able to do that. 
Gary Rollins: The other markets that don't have that expertise, Orkin expertise, then they give those leads to some. And now that we've got this Critter Control link, then certainly we can generate revenue as far as these Critter Control branches are concerned. So there's a lot of different synergy there. And I think Eddie makes a good point. The pests have been there, the critters have been there for some time. As some of our branches have just been reluctant to get into that part of the industry and I think that's what we learned about Trutech is, when we had that specialization it wasn't secondary with Trutech. It was primary, and we saw how well it grew and the customer satisfaction rates were incredible. If you’ve got a possum in your ad, you have a wife like mine, you're going to do something about it. So you have a highly motivated customers, almost like customers with fleece they don't want to know much about what it costs, they want to know when can you do it. So that's a pretty dramatic situation as far as, as a motivated purchaser. 
James Clement : Now, Eddie, just one follow up question to the some of the ones that were taken in a few minutes ago. The new financing option that you’re giving to some of your new termite customers. Clearly it's been popular. It sounds like roughly what percent of new termite customers are opting for financing? I mean I don't need an exact number but just sort of rough ballpark. 
Eddie Northen: 20%. 
James Clement : So I mean I just want to make sure I'm clear on the accounting, so for customers that use this financing, you guys obviously incurred the cost. And you book the revenue as well, I would assume, are you booking the revenue over the payment period? 
Eddie Northen: So we are booking the revenue when the job is completed. And let me just make sure I am clarifying this, on this piece. The only reason we have this in place is to help with the sales process and to give that option for that. So what we had in place, basically 90 days payment cash for those – to be able to help with getting that deal closed. And this is a piece that has helped us over the last probably three quarters, we’ve moved that in the right direction to be able to help with that.
Operator: Thank you. Next we’ll move to Joan Tong with Sidoti & Company.
Joan Tong : So questions regarding, again going back to the BOSS system, I just want to make sure I get it right. Understanding on the system this quarter compared to the same quarter last year, was there an increase or about the same?
Eddie Northen: Joan, it was an increase. Our implementation expenses were much higher. We are implementing now our big division. So West Coast, California, Hawaii, all those higher travel expenses, higher implementation costs, and again we are doing it at a faster pace. So we’ve increased the number of that we are implementing at the same time. So the implementation cost has been higher.
Joan Tong : So the implementation cost of this quarter is higher than the same quarter last year. And I think you mentioned about penny, am I correct? 
Eddie Northen: Correct. 
Joan Tong : And then now it’s 80% of the branches, or the Orkin branches have implemented with BOSS. So I'm just wondering for this quarter, did you actually the margin expansion that we are seeing that 40 basis point expansion, will you characterize that you actually have some sort of benefit like, quantify what type of benefit you actually get from BOSS like for this quarter?
Eddie Northen: We’re going to have some small benefit, I think, we will see and we've talked about a few of the things that we recognize as far as improvement before and post BOSS implementation, for just a reduction of overtime. We are keeping customers at a better rate, or stop for miles have improved which of course, would mean less gas, less fuel for us, different things like that. So I think there is a sprinkling of what we're seeing as far as some of the benefits. But again we have a very small percent of our total branches and regions that we rolled out that are now moving to the point of being mature. So as we move through the next two quarters is when we will start seeing more of those becoming mature and we will see more of an impact we think on that margin at that point in time.
Joan Tong : And then like you mentioned by the end of the third quarter we're going to see everything said and done 100% implemented on the Orkin brand. So we should be able to see some sort of spending etch down a little bit. Is it the right way to think about it? Maybe in the fourth quarter, we can see like spending come down slightly? 
Eddie Northen: So based on everything that we know right now, where we're going, the implementation costs will be reduced or eliminated at that point in time, or depreciation once we are fully rolled out, slightly higher than where we are right now. And we haven’t finalized what our next steps are going to be with the system related to any of our independent branch. So we're still assessing what if anything that we're going to do with that. And once we get to a point of making that final decision, we will communicate that as well. We're basically going through and taking a look to see from a return perspective that it makes sense to spend additional dollars to make adjustment to be able to implement it with the other independent brand. So we're going through that assessment but at this point of time we've not made a final decision of what we’re going to do with that. 
Joan Tong : And then in terms of routing schedule, you sort of -- you mentioned that plain vanilla routing and scheduling module and then maybe a mobile desktop system or module later on, and is this doing in your words or you guys are pretty happy about what you have right now and you just kind of want to see how it goes before you move on to the next level? 
Eddie Northen: Yes. So the more robust model is basically shown on the table. However we are very happy with the opportunities that we are going to have with the virtual route management. So we know that we're going to be spending the next two quarters getting that rolled out, getting people trained, getting our measurement in place to be able to see it. But I have to tell you, it's been extremely extremely well received by the branch management, branch technician. Having the flexibility of being able to spend more time with the customers, having the ability to be able to ensure that, that technician is not having to change their appointments with existing customers. Because the days that are planned out are being received extremely well. So we're going to move forward with maximizing our opportunities with virtual route management, while in the background we're still looking at the more robust option as we move over time. 
Joan Tong : And then let's move on to HomeTeam. I think Gary, you mentioned a couple of things about HomeTeam. I'm just wondering like how fast is HomeTeam is growing right now, then the profitability of that division. And then also with housing slowdown a little bit -- housing starts slowdown a little bit in the first quarter, just want to see if there's any impact on HomeTeam, especially on the installation side. Thank you. 
Eddie Northen: Joan, all of the categories you just mentioned, we're not seeing any impact as of right now with anything housing related. I mean their growth rate, top line and bottom line, the housing with the new installs, are all moving forward very well, they are moving forward in the low to mid teens. So we are continuing to see good improvement with HomeTeam. 
Joan Tong : And then I have a final question regarding competition. Obviously, you want to have your largest share competitors, foreign competitors, have extended footprints in the US. And it's the second quarter into it. I'm just wondering is there any change in competitive landscape? Have you seen them being a little bit more aggressive in terms of pricing? 
Eddie Northen: We haven't. I don’t know that we've really seen that. Our pricing for Q1 was strong across all of the service lines. It’s one of the pieces that our sales group was able to be very successful with. I think the thing to remember when it comes to the other competitors that are out there is, before they move to the – new companies that are with now, we still compete it against them. So we're still competing just like we did with them before. But we really don’t see any issues from a pricing perspective there and we've been very very pleased with how that’s helped us with our overall growth.  End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you, and it appears we have no further questions at this time. 
Gary Rollins: I'd like to thank you for joining us today. Eddie and I look forward to the next quarter and will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business and I would suspect that we'll know more about BOSS with another quarter under our belt. So thanks again. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO Eddie Northen - VP, CFO and Treasurer John Wilson - President and COO
Analysts: James Clement - Macquarie Joan Tong - Sidoti & Company Sean Egan - KeyBanc Capital Roland Underhill - Underhill Investments
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Rollins Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a Q&A session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (888) 203-112 with the pass code 8962426. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Eddie Northen, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Sure. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year end 2015 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that we made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Before I begin, I want to introduce John Wilson. We have another attendee at today's investor call. John is President and COO of Rollins. He is new to our investor calls but certainly not new to Rollins. You may recall that John was promoted in 2013 to President and COO. Prior to that John has been President of Orkin USA. He began his carrier as a technician and sales inspector while in college and joined the company full time in 1996, as a branch manager trainee. He's had various positions of increasing responsibility beginning as a Branch Manager, Region Manager, Vice President and President of the Southeast Division. He intended the University of Tennessee and he has completed the Executive Program at the University of Virginia, Darden School of Business. Rollins Board of Directors' named John an Officer and Vice President in 2011. John is doing a terrific job, he is an important part of our success and our future. We were extremely pleased to have posted record results for the quarter, as well as our 18th consecutive year of improved revenues and profits. For the quarter revenue grew 5.4% of 362.5 million compared to 344 million in last year's fourth quarter. Income before taxes rose 11.3% to $51.8 million, compared to$ 46.5 million for the prior year period. Net income rose 6.1% to $31.7 million or $0.15 per share compared to net income of $29.9 million or $0.14 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the full year rose 5.2% to $1.485 billion, compared to a $1.412 billion for the same period last year. Income before income taxes increased 10.8% to $243.2 million compared to $219.5 million in the prior year. Net income increased 10.5% to $152.1 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.70 compared to $137.7 million or $0.63 per diluted share for the same period. We completed another record year in revenue and profits. All of our business lines experienced growth during the quarter with residential pest control up 6.1%, commercial pest control grew 3.2%, and termite rose 6.2%. We are also very pleased with our progress that our specialty clients made last year with all of those reported improved sales and profitability. These are nonworking pest control and wildlife companies. Their results underscore the value that we’re experiencing in acquiring selective, market leading pest control in wildlife. Speaking of wildlife, our business there also enjoyed a good year. TruTech grew substantially and Critter Control which we acquired in February of last year performed above our expectations. We are very excited about the potential for this service line going forward. HomeTeam also had a better year as the housing market continue to improve particularly among the world class builders they partner with such as Lennar Homes, PulteGroup, Toll Brothers, DR Horton and Meritage Homes. Revenues for the full year grew approximately 8%. Eddie will provide more details on HomeTeam as well with the specialty companies in a few minutes. Installation and drive zone ancillary businesses which include bedbugs and mosquitoes, continues to perform well. Bedbugs have not gone away and we are benefitting from good revenue increases in aggregate. Some of you may have noted in recent media coverage that the latest threat from mosquitoes, Zika. One national news agency have headlined this article as disease perforate [ph], mosquitoes become public enemy number one. Zika is a rare virus that is not made any impact from its discovery in the 1940s until now. Like Guillain-Barré, Zika is spread by the same species of mosquitoes which can be found in much of the USA. In the past year, Zika has spread from Africa and Asia to the Americas. Although Zika was first diagnosed in Brazil in May, it is been linked to more than 3500 cases of infant deformity. The leading experts predict that the USA needs to be prepared for a similar scenario. This situation is unfortunate. However based on our experience with the West Nile outbreak, publicity concerning mosquitoes risk will accelerate. We’re particularly pleased with the success that we had this year with the rollout of our CRM system, BOSS. We ended 2015 with 50% of our Orkin branches on this system. In December, we picked up our pace and began rolling-out this branch operating system to two regions a month and currently expect to have all Orkin locations on BOSS by the end of the third quarter of this year. This is ahead of our previous target completion day. This time last year we discussed that one of the important advantages of BOSS was the feature of issuing iPhones to our technicians to help them better complete their customer administrative requirements. At the end of this past year, 2600 of our technicians were using our iPhones to provide customer better communication and acknowledgment of their service, while improving our branch administrative productivity. You may also recall that we recently completed the service manager check-in dashboard which provides a real time, online display of all technician services and status and where they stand on completing their routes. Additionally, this data can identify opportunities for a newly sole customer to receive a same-day service store. These are just two examples of major benefits to systems providing and improving customer service, while making our operations more efficient. Our technology team wasn't solely focused on BOSS however. During this past year, they upgraded and replaced a number of our retired support systems, to provide better financial reporting and communications, while improving our customer experience and reducing costs. Our marketing folks were major contributor to our success last year. They continue to up their game across all of our marketing channels, digital, mobile, traditional media. And frankly, we are getting better at reaching our target prospects, and identifying the best channels in which to reach them. As you are aware, we established a in-house analytical team couple of years ago, to help us better understand our customer's preferences and to know more about price elasticity. Their contribution is allowing us to take our marketing plans to another level. Like so much of what we do, we see the marketing of our brands is a work in progress. It just keeps evolving and we look forward to even greater contributions in this area in the future. We also continue to add to our roster of franchises globally having established a total of seven international franchises in the first half of the year. We opened franchises in India, China, Central America, and Mexico. In the fourth quarter we announced that Orkin extended its presence in North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia with the addition of nine new franchises. These new franchises are located in Mexico, Columbia, Republic of Georgia, Qatar, China and South Korea. As of this date we have 48 international franchises. We look to expand our franchise footprint both domestically and internationally while at the same time working more closely with our franchise partners that help to improve their business. Strategic acquisitions remain a priority for us and as in the past we will continue to seek out companies that are a fit for us in both the pest control and wildlife areas of our business. The service business is first and foremost a people business and our employees are our most important asset. A major priority for us every year is to prove on the retention of our employees. Our employee retention rate again improved in 2015. We continue to work with our employees to ensure that they are receiving the very best training if they need to be successful and to advance their career. We want them to feel that they have a future at our company and a career not just a job. 2015 is now behind us and I want to express how proud I am of what our employees and franchise partners accomplished during the year. The dedication to continuous improvement is the driving force behind our success. Equally important of what we accomplished and learned during the year is that we set the stage for initiatives that will help us continue to grow our revenue and profits in the New Year. We’re looking forward to achieving another record year. All of our team members will be working diligently to improve the customers' experience. We look forward in discussing with you the progress that we are making throughout the year and I am now going to turn the call over to Eddie. Eddie?
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. I had the opportunity last week to attend my first Rollins leadership conference. For me it was a time to connect with many that I spent time with learning the business over the past year and meeting many other new faces. I share this because this event continue to confirm a key reason for our consistent performance, the depth of our strong management teams. That consistency continued with our 39th consecutive quarter of improved earnings results. Behind the record setting results are managers, technicians, franchisees, sales and support staff that take the continuous improvement culture and execute year-after-year. I want to extend my heartfelt thanks for the tireless efforts of each of these groups and for their commitment to these outstanding results. We had a strong performance in the fourth quarter with all service lines showing continued growth. Keys to the quarter included strong revenue gains, significant growth in the number of international franchises and Australia’s improved profitability. That was offset by currency headwinds and slower growth from acquisitions. A few onetime tax events impacted the net income. Looking at the numbers, the company reported fourth quarter revenues of 362.5 million, an increase of 5.4% over the prior year's fourth quarter revenues of 344 million. All brands, all segments and all geographies performed well as measured in constant currency. For the quarter income before income tax increased 11.3% to 51.8 million but due to a less favorable tax rate created by our few onetime events, the net income increased 6.1% to 31.7 million with earnings per share of 7.1% to $0.15 versus $0.14 per diluted share last year in the fourth quarter. This year’s fourth quarter tax rate was higher than the rate for last year’s fourth quarter. At the end of 2014, we had a beneficial adjustment that reduced the effective tax rate and this year we had a few detrimental adjustments such as an increase to the reserve for uncertain tax positions and an increase in certain disallowed expenses that while small individually, collectively affected the quarter. Also our foreign taxes were a bit higher than last year due to the growth of our foreign operations. For the year revenue came in at 1.485 billion a 5.2% increase. Net income for the full year increased 10.5% to a 152.1 million or $0.70 per diluted share with EBITDA coming in at 288 million. I want to take a minute to highlight the efforts of our Australia team, as I’m sure you remember a year ago we were sharing the successful purchase of our second company in a suburb of Melbourne. Even with the slowing economy, our Australia operations grew revenue 9.4% and is profitable for the year. We are very proud of the results for this team and excited about our future in Australia. Let’s take a look through the revenue by service line. Our total revenue increase of 5.4% included approximately 6.4% underlying sales and pricing growth and 10.4% contribution from acquisitions offset by a currency headwind of approximately 1.4%. Residential pest control was up to consistent 6.1%, commercial pest control up 3.2%, and termite up an impressive 6.2%. Critter Control was the only major acquisition that was included in our numbers for the quarter. As I mentioned last quarter, we realigned our sales force which helped contribute to the impressive revenue growth numbers. With the use of our home suite iPad technology, the sales force was a large contributor to the 6.2% termite growth for the quarter. The use of this technology along with the opportunity to offer in-house financing through our own Rollins acceptance corporation has helped us to grow the revenue and ancillary businesses. In addition I want to recognize the efforts of our inbound sales group who did an outstanding job keeping up with the increase demand late in the year. As you know, this is normally a slower season for pest control but November and December were incredibly strong and this team did a great job working with the operations group in meeting this demand. All of these teams did an outstanding job. Again for the quarter, when we take out the impact of foreign currency, residential which makes up 41% of our revenue through 6.3%, termite which makes up 17% of our revenue was up 6.9% and commercial pest control which is 41% of the revenue was up 5.8%. Commercial was most impacted by the weak Canadian and Australian dollars as most of our business in these countries is commercial. As HomeTeam begins their 20th year of service, I want to spend a few minutes highlighting some of their many accomplishments that would have made our founder O. Wayne Rollins himself very proud. In 2015 HomeTeam grew 93,000 Taexx tubes in the wall installs to bring the life to date total to over 900,000 homes. In 2015, revenue grew 8.1% which was primarily driven by an increase in Taexx system activation of 16.5%. Also HomeTeam saw an increase in sales efficiencies which resulted in decreased customer acquisition costs. Due to its environmental friendliness and high customer satisfaction, termite baiting is becoming a preferred treatment method in HomeTeam growing pre-treat business. This has opened up a new area of opportunity for the future which offers HomeTeam higher customer activation and improved retention over alternative methods of pre-treats. In total, gross margin for the quarter improved to 49.7% versus 49.1% in the prior year. The margin for the quarter benefited from lower fleet costs due to a decrease in fuel price and lower service salaries as a percent to revenue offset by personnel related costs due to increased healthcare costs and higher material costs due to the increased sales. The company maintained good cost controls across most spending categories. Depreciation and amortization expense for the fourth quarter increased 10.8% totaling 11.3 million. Depreciation was 5.1 million increasing 175,000 with most of that increase related to our new BOSS CRM system. Amortization was 6.3 million which increased 265,000 due to the addition of Critter Control customer contracts that will be amortized over seven years. For the full year amortization of intangibles which is typically from the value assigned to acquired customer contracts or representing significant after-tax noncash charge was approximately $0.07 this year. A rollout of us is ahead of plan. As Garry mentioned, we now have over 2600 pest control technicians with iPhone's and who are now paperless. We will give a more in-depth update on our Q1 call but I want to share another BOSS benefit that will also impact our initiative of improving our routing and scheduling. One of the benefits is our ability to schedule or reschedule while the customer is on the phone and immediately update the technician on the iPhone. This will have an immediate positive impact to our customer experience. We’ve begun training on the routing and scheduling portion of BOSS called Virtual Route Management or VRM. Our IP Group has set up a support desk and put together seven training videos that will help the branches use the basic routing functionality that has been built into BOSS. The training will include topics such as route set ups, route territory planning, route optimization for scheduled accounts, optimizing routes and balancing route production. For the year cost associated with BOSS had a $0.05 impact on earnings per share and we anticipated similar impact in 2016 as we roll-out the remaining Orkin divisions. At this time we're still assessing the next steps for BOSS related to the independent brands and we will share those when these plans have been finalized. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the quarter increased 46.2 million or 5.6% but remained flat for last year at 32.4% of revenues. A reduction of areas of bad debt and lower administrative costs reflecting ongoing cost containment programs were offset by higher insurance expenses, higher advertising and higher sales salaries related to our increased volume. Our balance sheet remains strong as we continue to look for more opportunities to reinvest in our business. For the year we spent over 33 million on acquisitions even though we attempted to use a lot more. Our pipeline is full of opportunities for 2016 with mergers and acquisitions. We had 39 million of CapEx for the year and had 134 million in cash along with no debt for the full year. As you may have read last night the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $0.10 per share that will be paid on March 10, 2016 to stockholders of record at the close of business February 10, 2016. The cash dividend will represent a 25% increase over the prior quarterly dividend. This marks the 14th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12% or greater. 2015 was a great year and I’m strongly encouraged that we will have a great 2016. Our management team is focused and energized to continue to raise the bar for our customer service and this will translate into improving financial success. I'll now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you. We're ready now to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James Clement with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Clement: Eddie maybe I can start with you, I was trying to understand a little bit better what exactly it is the BOSS and iPhone interface will do for your technicians and customers with respect to - when you’ve the customer on the phone, maybe his soccer practice got changed, if they can't receive a technician a certain time, can you talk a little bit more in depth about specifically what this is going to do for you all?
Eddie Northen: To take you soccer examples to someone makes the phone call, we have their phone call at the branch location. We have the customer on the line. Now we have the capability of being able to make an updated change based on availability of that technician basically in real time that the technician will be able to see on their iPhone. So it needs to be moved back a couple of hours or whatever would need to be done with that, assuming we have a time availability then we will be able to see that in more of a real time.
James Clement : It’s hard for me to appreciate this kind of thing, but what happens now before this capability is out there like I mean how do you handle this kind of thing?
Eddie Northen: It’d not have been as real time so it’d have been a request to the branch, and then the branch from there would have taken the message and then the branch from there would have to go followed up with that technician and/or the branch manager, service manager would have to get back with the customer which that time may or may not have worked for the customer. So now in real time we’re able to see you know this is the time it’s available for this technician, we can tell the customer in real time this is the adjustment we can make based on your request and just make that a better customer experience at that point in time rather than having a back and forth or have a delayed response back to them.
James Clement: And Gary if I could ask you one, you emphasized in your prepared remarks employee retention and you certainly highlighted training. I remember I counted the years a little bit long but I think it’s about 5-7 years ago, somewhere in that stretch you all bid a fairly significant dollar investment in upgrading your training procedures as well as I think your training facilities if I remember correctly. Have you been spending above normal with some of these training initiatives or is this to use your word just always work in progress around.
Gary Rollins: By the way you’ve got a good memory.
James Clement : I’m not pretty sure.
Gary Rollins: No, we’re not spending, I mean we haven't upped the spending, I think we’ve upped the sophistication. We’re on the web now rather than using satellites to dish and so of course that’s been a big improvement. And we’ve just got better at it. I think that the quality of the training has improved and the cost of the communication is going down, so you know there is some offsets there but I don’t think that we as a percent of revenue we’ve increased the rate of our spend.
James Clement: Yes, because Gary I noticed certainly last earning season and in this relatively early stage, this earning season seems a lot of services companies are in fact talking about the difficulty in attracting and retaining service desk for companies that are relatively similar industries. I mean it seems like you’re bucking the trap.
Gary Rollins: You're talking about recruiting?
James Clement : Well I’m talking about recruiting and retention because you know I think the good thing about the unemployment rate coming down is that folks may have more options, it seems like your retention is actually improving whereas I think a lot other services companies unfortunately going the other direction, although maybe good thing for America so who knows.
Gary Rollins: First of all the various studies indicate the compensation is like three or four's that is the reason people change jobs or keep their jobs, and I think that really that our training has an important role in our retention, when you invest in a person's career that endears now to the organization. So - and frankly we’re just turning up the efforts I mean, we have made a real strong effort to hire more veterans and more females and we take the figures every month and we’re moving them, I mean we’re doing it. And our referral program we’ve been very successful this past year getting more employee referrals of a friend or a relative or someone to come to workforce. And our experience has been that that’s a better hire typically than someone that doesn’t have any association.
James Clement : That is terrific color as always. Thanks very much for your time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joan Tong with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joan Tong: I have a question regarding competitive landscape. Obviously you have a large competitor came in you know to America and buying all these like different companies and trying to compete here on our turf. I’m just wondering like have you seen any changes in competitive landscape obviously they have throughout the evaluation on the M&A front but in terms of pricing, have you seen anything changes they might be a little bit more aggressive and since they have a big target they have to meet to justify that acquisition?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Joan this is Eddie. At this point in time we’ve not seen anything that’s bubbled up. I think the growth rate is again for the quarter. We’re very strong, the demand was very strong. Their main area of concentration has been commercial as opposed to residential. But we’ve not had any issues that I’m aware of that have come from our sales group having to do with direct competition, having to do with that. I think the space is big and the demand is big and at this point in time we’re not seeing an issue.
Joan Tong: Okay. Gary you mentioned on your prepared remarks regarding the in-house analytic teams, I haven’t heard you talking about that team for a couple of quarters and since you brought that up, I’m just wondering is there anything more to houses to like - I remember it was a year or two years ago it was the Boston Consulting Group and then with all these analytics, can you be able to use it more going forward to maybe like improve on your pricing like look at price elasticity, like going forward just to help us a little bit more on that?
Gary Rollins: Well we are learning more about our business, I mean we have the capability now of better utilizing our data. We have the capability now of experimenting more. We have a wonderful laboratory with our call center because virtually we can change the prices just almost instantaneously and look at our closure to see if our closure is improving or not and seeing if we’re selling more units to the extent that to offset the price reduction. So we're just learning a lot more about our business. I don’t think that we've found a hot button if you will but I think that in and out it was zip-plus 4 we can direct our advertising more precisely and we're getting to do better at hitting our targeted prospects. So I think this is just going to be an ongoing situation of education of us learning more and I think that we have some great opportunities because when you look at moving closure it’s just a real important leverage for us as our sales are concerned.
Joan Tong: And then if I have to look at the demographics of your customers, has there been any changes like maybe you are moving up a little bit in terms of like demographics and because those are life style customers they tend to be sticking around a little bit longer and not just like stick around for a year and then when the problems go away and then they're just kind of disappear. So how should I think about your retention? Obviously you can talk about regeneration that would be helpful.
Eddie Northen: Yes Joan, this is Eddie. Retention continues to tick slightly higher each year, it’s nothing dramatic but it just continues to tick slightly higher. And really when you talk about the analytics, that’s really one of the areas that our marketing group has done a fantastic job with using the data to know and understand the revenue bands and breaking down our abilities to first of all win in the revenue bands and then also to be able to retain and then be able to price in all of the different revenue bands. And that’s enabled them to now be able to direct our advertising to be able to make sure that we are moving to the revenue bands where we want to be involved. Revenue bands four and five, the higher revenue bands so the ones that typically we have better pricing with and that we also have longer retention and overall it's a good spend for us at that point in time. So that’s one of the areas where analytics has been very positive for us and our marketing group continues to push us in that direction to be able to have more wins in that area.
Joan Tong: Okay, great. And then finally it's on the model, I'm just kind of looking at the SG&A expenses. You mentioned that five-tenth impact on the higher expenses on the BOSS system for this year and similar impact for next year. I assume like you talked about the SG&A leverage there, that we haven’t seen that this year. So I'm just wondering for the BOSS system, isn’t most of the benefit going to be showing up on the gross margin side and then your SG&A probably still going to be at a heightened level for 2016?
Eddie Northen: Yes for 2016 we will see that heightened level and we will see the gross margin based on all the anticipated benefits we’ll have. We'll see the gross margin continue to improve and as we said the 200 to 300 basis points over the two to three years and we know that’s going to be a piece of it from the impact on the cost efficiency side, and then of course we will take a look at any opportunities we have on the revenue side to continue to have a better customer experience, just like the one we just talked about in the earlier example, if we can improve that customer experience that should be a retention opportunity for us so that should enable us to continue to grow our revenue as well.
Gary Rollins: Joan, we learned something as you can imagine when you get half of your branches on the system is it takes the branch some time to kind of integrate their new technology and understand it, which you have the training responsibility but we have expectations at towards reducing the mileage, and any talks about the customer experience which is first and foremost in our mind, but also the technician experience. I mean, it is very frustrating for that technician to have changes and not know the best way to get to an account and so forth. So we really think that it has employee retention benefits because we are creating a better job for our technician.
Eddie Northen: And all of these benefits Joan are going to be what’s going to help us, get to that total number that we’ve talked about. All of these individual pieces that we will be able to see that in a gross margin area.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Sean Egan with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sean Egan: I wanted to piggy back on that last question and throw down specifically into the routing training that you alluded to in your prepared remarks. Recognizing that it’s a moving target, when should we expect to see the training start to yield benefit within the financial results?
Eddie Northen: Well, Sean I think every trained branch is going to be one day better at being able to improve their routes. So I think that we were going to see those branches that have, first of all, the BOSS capabilities. Second of all the training from the new VRM, and then the ability to be able to go through an implement, I think we’ll start seeing those small incremental gains as we move through time. We have lots of branches around our entire network that have done a good job in this area for an extended period of time. Entrepreneurial spirits, they figured out a way to make sure that their routes are as good as they can be. We have individual technicians that have taken that on themselves. But this is going to help us formalize and get those out to all of the branches where we have the BOSS capabilities. And we will be able to go through, be able to see some improvements as they get trained and as we go through route by route, we’ll be able to see those incremental improvements. So it’s early to say, you here’s what the X dollars is going to be, or anything else like that. But again, we’re excited this is another area where BOSS is going to be able to be a benefit for us that we will be able to look forward with.
Gary Rollins: No, I guess you can say there are average branches for six months. So we’ve not mastered what we have and I think Eddie commented before about the 7 modules of training involving routing and scheduling. So you are asking the same question that I’m asking our finance department and I got the same answer that you got.
Sean Egan: I appreciate the consistency. Can you please expand a little bit on why each run towards favoring termite baiting particularly its an advantage you. If you could put that in the context and explain why that’s a good thing for you.
Eddie Northen: Probably there are a few different things. For one, it’s environmentally more better and we get that question all the time. And not that what we use at all is environmentally unfriendly but anytime that you can use the bait rather than having any sort of a liquid would be something that will be preferred. So that’s something that is going to be a benefit to start with. And then when we take a look at it from a cost perspective, we get a chance to be able to use something – basically kind of pay for something as we use it, as we go along. When we have a free treatment, we have to spray, and things like that. We have chemicals that we have to bring in and we have to inventory them, and this gives us an opportunity to be able to have more of a real time cost associated with acquiring a new customer. It’s also a better way for us to have something that’s visible and tangible from a recurring perspective. So we have something that we are actually able to go and be a part of with the customer when we talk about their recurring annual renewal, and it’s grown very well. It’s taken over a very well-known- the HomeTeam group has probably been shifting in this direction over the last several months. And I’ve seen very positive things that have come out of their customers that they have been talking much about it.
Gary Rollins: A pretty cheap treat historically has been that you go out there with a termite side and you treat the foundations and the slabs before they're put so forth. And there is not a lot of touch that you have with the customer. They improves the touch, because out there servicing those bait stations and so you've got more contact. I think the customer sees a greater value that other situation was kind of out of site, out of mind. And as Eddie mentioned, there is a lot of - customers are looking for more environmentally positive situation.
Sean Egan: Briefly, you mentioned that your spend on M&A during 2015 was below kind of expectation or plan, can you elaborate maybe that was due to timing, availability of targets if it signals anything in the market?
Eddie Northen: Well, I'll start with the last. I don't think it signals anything in the market. We spent a lot of time on a very large acquisition that did not come to fruition. And as we regroup from there, we move forward like I mentioned in my prepared remarks we’ve refilled the pipeline. The pipeline is very full right now and we're continuing to move forward, but we had anticipation and hopes of moving forward with a large acquisition that didn't happen. And 2016 is a new year and we're ready to continue and marching down the path that we've very successfully been able to do for the last 10 plus years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Roland Underhill with Underhill Investments. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roland Underhill: I came on a little late, could you be specific about – more specific about the bed bug growth and did you touch on wildlife business growth?
Eddie Northen: So we can start with wildlife. We will start with wildlife and we just said in our prepared remarks that it's growing well. We're very excited on how the Critter Control acquisition is performing for us. Its performing slightly better than what we would have anticipated which is a good thing. TruTech, wildlife continues to grow very well. So I think the combination of the two is going to be a very positive thing for Rollins Wildlife as we move forward in time. As far as bed bugs, we didn't go through any specifics rolling on this. For the year, for bed bugs came in at $72.3 million for bed bugs. And that was a 13.3% increase year-over-year. The much higher base is of course always a challenge when it comes to growth rate. And you know we've been tracking this back – you're very familiar with the story. We've been tracking this back to 2010. We were virtually nothing. We continue to grow this very well and again set basically an all-time record for the dollar amount of bed bugs that we have. The residential piece has continued to grow really well and what we're really trying to concentrate on here is to be able to do everything that we can to make this a recurring service. Any time that we have to go out and we have a one-time type of a job. It's much more difficult for us to ensure that we're pricing it correctly and we've recognized that. So even that we have great revenue growth in previous years, in some cases the cost associated with that good revenue growth has not always been in line. And we're continuing to get better with that. We're continuing to understand what the costs are and really want to move, continue to move in the direction of recurring types the revenue with the bed bug product. So when we have situations, we're just one off type of a deal. We have not been as aggressive to be able to go and win that business, because of the cost that we had associated with that. And then the last piece evidence is probably in 2010 there were very few players that were in the market. And overtime as media has continue to discuss this more and more players have come into the market and competition for some of these jobs has continue to increase. So we're very excited about the continued growth of bed bugs that has slowed somewhat, but an all-time high for us this past year.
Gary Rollins: Well, also the industry was growing faster than the industry.
Eddie Northen: Absolutely.
Gary Rollins: I think that's a healthy indication. And as Eddie said a one-time service is really not what we want. We want a situation where we routinely inspect the house and that we guarantee against in best station and so forth and that part of the business is growing and that’s the best part of the business.
Roland Underhill: In the past on the TruTech and the wildlife business you’ve been more specific growing well to be 8% to the 30% as been in the past, can you help us more there?
A – Eddie Northen: We’ve been well into the high teens, for our, for that growth of those businesses.
Roland Underhill: Okay, that’s helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from the James Clement with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Clement: Guys, question was about M&A and it was asked and answered. So thanks very much for your time.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Joan Tong with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Joan Tong: Hi, just have a couple of follow up. I’m not sure if you can disclose that how we can actually be able to get down to the branch level. You talked about the BOSS system has been implemented for some branches for more than six months and I’m just wondering what has been the margin improvements for those branches.
A – Eddie Northen: Yes, Joan we’re not a point to be able to discuss that I’m not sure that will ever talk at about at a branch level. We’ll give you come color more on a macro level and again like I said in prepared remarks in our prior Q1 call, I will be more prepared to talk about more specifics having to do with that.
Joan Tong: Right. But over the long term to next couple of years, you are still targeting 200, 300 kind of basis points of margin expansion when everything said and done. So I’m just wondering is it going to be more like a 2017 event we would see like a more pronounced benefit or we can actually see some of those like coming in the second half of 2016.
A – Eddie Northen: I think we’ll see some benefits that will come in. I think we’ll see benefits that will come in at 2016. And then getting this to matured state is really, the key to being able to see those benefits. This again is one of the many things that we’ve had that have created that margin expansion that you have seen over the last 12 to 14 years, this is just another one of those items that are in the line and I think we’ll see some benefit from that towards the end of 2016 and by 2017, we should be relatively mature and be in the good spot to be able to enjoy the benefits of it.
Joan Tong: Sure. And then really one last question my favorite question is gasoline prices, lower gasoline prices, the benefit as you already said what was that for this quarter?
A – Eddie Northen: So we are typically about month of somewhere between 650 and 800,000 gallons that we are – the lower end of that, just based on the time of the season that it is, that’s per month and we saved, roughly a dollar a gallon year-over-year on that.
Joan Tong: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
Gary Rollins: Okay, no more questions. Well, first of all we appreciate your support and interest and we look forward to sharing our first quarter progress in April.
Eddie Northen: And I do want to say one more thing Gary is that, many of you are interactive at [indiscernible] throughout the years, and Friday will be her last day. So any of those of you that have interacted with her, she has been your lifeline to this office for the last 17 plus years. May I want to reach out to her and wish her well. She has been a critical part to this call and obviously to this office for many years. So just want to pass that along. Thanks so much.
Gary Rollins: Thanks, Eddie.
Operator: And this concludes today’s program. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - Investor Relations Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO Eddie Northen - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: James Clement - Macquarie Joan Tong - Sidoti and Company Sean Egan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Denny Galindo - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Rollins Incorporated Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (888) 203-1112 with the pass code 212739. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Eddie Northen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2015 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year end December 31, 2014, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well, three quarters of the year under our belt and we are appreciative of what we have been able to accomplish this year. We posted record revenues and profit for both the quarter and the nine-month period. For the quarter revenue grew 3.5% to almost $400 million or $399.7 million, compared to $384.9 million in last year's third quarter. Income before taxes rose 9.9% to $72.4 million, with earnings per share growing 10.5% to $0.21 per diluted share, compared to net income of $41.1 million, or $0.19 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the first nine months rose 5.2% to $1.12 billion, compared to a $1.68 million for the same quarter last year. Net income increased 11.7% to $120.4 million with EPS of $0.55 per diluted share, compared to $107.7 million, or $0.49 per diluted share for the prior year period. All of our business units experienced growth during the quarter, with residential pest control up 6.2%, commercial pest control grew 1.5% and termite rose 1.1%. If you remove Canada and Australia from this equation, commercial rose 4.7%, residential 6.6% and termite 1.9%. Eddie will provide more information on these results, including the negative impact that foreign currency had and our acquisitions had on our results. The acquisitions that we've made over the past several years are continuing to contribute to our growth and profitability. Speaking of which I just like to take a moment to point out one acquisition in particular, PermaTreat, which we made in August 2014, which is personally close to us. Joe Wilson, PermaTreat’s former owner and CEO was recent -- by the why recently marked his 50th year in pest control, began his career at Orkin in 1965. Joe relates that he and his wife were expecting their first child and he was looking for a company that provided a company car and we did. This was good fortune for both of us. He came on board as one of Orkin’s first management trainees and in less than a year, at age 21 became the branch manager in Portsmouth, Virginia. In 1977 he ultimately rose to Division Vice President of the Midwest. Joe recalls that he moved nine times in his first 18 years with Orkin. He quickly adopted our company values and culture with the dedication for hard work all of which according to Joe has served him well throughout his life. During all of these years in building PermaTreat, he stayed in touch with us and his career came full circle when it came time for him to sell his company. He considered Rollins, first and only. Joe represents a number of alumni that have returned home when they sold their business. Needless to say some acquisitions are a long time in making. Few have taken this long however. We are pleased that Joe came back and thank him for that he has done to make a positive contribution not only to our company but to the industry as well. In an industry that has been male-dominated for so many years, we are continuing to make inroads and our initiative to increase the recruiting, hiring, development and retaining of female employees across all of our brands. One good example of this effort is a diverse group of eight female employees at HomeTeam. They are working towards supporting and developing women through customized programs that are designed to assist career advancement. After year of employment, women at HomeTeam may apply for this training program through the women's leadership council, where they work with mentors to meet individual needs and goals. Additionally, we are tracking our success in female recruiting in all of our divisions and brands. While we accomplished our success in a number of ways training both technicians and managers across the Board is key and is a priority for us. Every year we challenge ourselves to take our employee training to a higher level. We are committed to provide our employees with greater position knowledge, while improving their ability to provide comprehensive pest control solutions that will better meet our customers’ expectations. This dedication has resulted in Rollins being selected by Training Magazine for 13 consecutive years as one of the top 125 training companies in America. At Rollins, we're consistently working to demonstrate leadership and stewardship within our industry. This spring, we were pleased to host a first of its kind three-day fumigation workshop for government and regulatory officials at our Atlanta learning center. Attendees included officials from the EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, the Association of Structural Pest Control Regulatory Officials or ASPCRO and the National Pest Management Associates. The workshop provide Rollins an opportunity to demonstrate our expertise and professionalism by completing four different types of live fumigation. We were able to position ourselves as a technical resource and leader in the industry. Following the workshop, a representative of the EPA wrote, the EPA team was overwhelmingly impressed with the quality of the workshop. Being able to have the course at the Rollins facility really gave us the opportunity to better understand the different types of fumigation as well as all the planning that goes into each event. We also received a letter from the Association of Structural Pest Control Regulatory Officials saying it is through this type of co-operative training that we can make positive strides in our efforts to assure that regulations adopted are practical, enforceable and based on realistic understanding of the true challenges and risk of pesticide application. Much of our success is the result of holding ourselves accountable but diligently evaluating ourselves. One such effort is reflected in our operational support group, a companywide team that reviews our products, practices and techniques to ensure that they're effective, environmentally thoughtful and responsible. In many of our service offerings, termite control, commercial and residential pest control, the products that we use are carefully assessed and were appropriate are tested in conjunction with the Departments of Entomology, at leading universities, including Texas A&M, Purdue University, the University of Georgia, the University of Florida and others. We’re also attentive to staying abreast of new and emerging pest-related issue. In this regard, we benefit from our relationships with various universities in the earlier named agencies to help us objectively develop the best treatment methods for our services. In the quarter, Gregory Mark Beavers join Rollins as the Managing Director of Technical Services. Mark is responsible for our company’s technical support that I’ve referred to earlier as well as safety guidance for all of our Rollins pest control brands. He is a captain in the U.S. Navy with more than 29 years of dedicated service to our country. Mark served as a global public health and pest management profession and maybe entomologist. He has had significant U.S. and international leadership and management experience both as a scientist and a vector control specialist. Mark has published more than 30 scientific, technical and non-technical articles and delivered more than 50 pest-related presentations around the world. Mark earned his bachelor's degree in biology from James Madison University, his Masters degree in entomology from the University of Florida and his doctorate in entomology from the University of Kentucky. We're excited to have him onboard and he is already making great contributions. As we move closer to 2016, we continue to work on our training programs collaborating with our industry partners in education and product development and working hard to maintain our standing as best-in-class in services provided to our customers. The year is flying by and the next time we speak will be in 2016. We are gratified to what we and almost 12,000 employees around the world have accomplished and look forward to discussing our year-end results with you in January. I will now turn the call over to Ed. Eddie?
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. By most accounts, July was the hottest month on record and our pest control business felt the impact. With a very strong start in July, August and September moderated some. Unfortunately they can't all be as good as July. For those of you that have followed our story through the years, you know, the acquisitions are a critical component to our continued growth. Our PermaTreat acquisition that Gary just mentioned, as well as our Australian Statewide and All Pest acquisition are all performing well. We're feeling the currency impact of the Australian currency exchange as they continue to grow. Before I move on, I want to assure you that we’re committed to continuing to use our balance sheet to grow through acquisitions and the pest control and wildlife areas with companies that are a good cultural fit and are available at a price level that will provide shareholder value. Recently in the market, there've been acquisitions to push the historical multiples above levels that we feel would not be beneficial to our shareholders and the company. We will remain active but judicious in our assessment of the opportunities in the market. This same discipline has created a very long track record of sustained healthy growth as opposed to short-term revenue spikes. We had another good performance in the third quarter with all service lines showing continued growth. Keys to the quarter included strong residential growth, continued cost discipline by our operations teams, currency headwinds and slower growth from acquisitions. Looking at the numbers, the company reported third quarter revenues of $400 million, an increase of 3.9% over the prior year’s first quarter’s revenue of $385 million. We experienced that growth across all of our families’ brand as measured in constant currency. Net income increased 9.5% to $45 million compared to $41.1 million with earnings per share up 7.5% to $0.21 versus $0.19 per diluted share last year in the third quarter. Let’s take a look through the revenue by service line. Our total revenue increase of 3.9%, included approximately 4.8% underlying sales growth and 0.7% contribution from acquisition, which was reduced by currency headwind of approximately 1.5%. Residential pest control was up an impressive 6.2%, Commercial pest control up 1.5% and Termite up 1.1%. Our acquisition of Statewide has lapsed. PermaTreat was included for one month and our most recent acquisition, Critter Control was for full quarter. Put all that together and it means our business excluding currency, excluding acquisition were 4.8% for the quarter. Again, for the quarter, Residential, which made up 44% of our revenue, grew 6.2% excluding acquisition 6%. Termite which made up 16% of our revenue was up 1.1% excluding acquisition 0.3%. And commercial pest control, which is 40% of our revenue was up 1.5%, excluding acquisition 1.3%. Commercial was again heavily impacted by the weak Canadian and Australian dollars as most of our business in these countries is commercial. Even with the slower quarter in termite, our year-to-date sales growth of 4.3% is in line with our growth rates from 2014 and 2013 at 2.6% and 4.5% respectively. When you view the domestic business excluding acquisitions and taken the currency into consideration, our residential revenue grew 6.4%. Termite revenue was up 1% and commercial pest control was up 4.4% with commercial sales lagging the strong residential growth rate. Our recent realignment of our marketing and sales programs produced the strongest quarter of the year in the areas of leads received, leads sold and leads closure percentage. This will produce enhanced results in the coming quarters. HomeTeam had another great quarter with improvements in their Taexx margins of 2.2% and improved pricing by 3%, which resulted in new Taexx activation dollars up by 14.7%. In total, gross margin for the quarter improved to 51.1 for the third quarter versus 50.9 in the prior year. The margin for the quarter benefited from lower fleet costs due to a decrease in fuel prices and lower materials and supply costs, offset by service salaries for our busiest quarter of the year and an increase in personnel related costs due to increased healthcare costs. Depreciation and amortization expense for the third quarter increased 2.5%, totaling $11.2 million. Depreciation was $4.9 million, increasing $672,000, with most of that increase related to our new branch operating system, BOSS. Amortization of intangibles was $6.2 million, which decreased nearly a $1 million as some of the older 8 to 10 year-old and older acquisitions have become fully amortized. For the full year, amortization of the intangibles, which is typically from the value assigned to acquire customer contracts, will represent a significant after-tax non-cash charge of approximately $0.07 to $0.08 this year. When we do pest control acquisitions, they are sold of any significant hard assets on the balance sheet. And as a result, most of the valuation ends up being classified as the customer contracts, goodwill and other intangible assets. We currently carry $96 million of these dollars from acquisitions on our balance sheet. With additional acquisitions ongoing in the future and current amortization running approximately $27 million a year, we will have more than a few years of this expense flowing through the P&L. For an update, we see little risk of possible impairment charges. All of the businesses we have acquired have grown as we continue to write-down the value of the customer contracts recognized at the time of acquisition, while fully expensing the cost of any new customer acquisitions. As for BOSS, the deployment continues forward positively. At the end of the quarter, we were 41% deployed for the Orkin brand. By design, we deployed at a slower rate until we got through the heavy pest season. In order to achieve desired, improved results, we have decided to deploy at a slightly faster rate, which will include the heavy pest season of 2016. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the quarter decreased 2.7% to 30.5% of revenues. The decrease in costs and percent of revenue were impacted due to a reduction in bad debt, reduced gas costs, lower professional services and lower administrative salaries as a percent of revenue. This is partially offset by higher sales, salaries and personnel related expenses, as well as insurance expense as auto claims have increased. Income before income taxes was up 9.9% in the quarter. We had reversal of the deferred tax liability that brought our tax rate down to 37.8%, which resulted in net income that was up 9.5%. We expect our tax rate to return to potentially 38% next quarter. Our balance sheet remained strong and we continue to look for more opportunities to reinvest in our business. Year-to-date, we have spend over $31 million on acquisitions and continue to look for opportunities in the pest and wildlife areas. We had $28.6 million of capital expenditures and have a $134 million in cash, along with no debt. As you may remember from our Q2 call, I mentioned three priority areas that I had identified, which included the customer experience, international growth and routing and scheduling of our technicians. We are pleased with our continued franchise expansion and earlier this month, we expanded our presence in Central America with the establishment of a franchise in El Salvador. Regarding the first and last items, we've taken several steps to identify ways to improve our customer experience to better achieve, having the correct technician servicing the right customer on the right day at the right time. We believe that this is one of our keys to our industry-leading retention rates. Over the past several months, we've been testing a routing and scheduling software provider as a BOSS partner. Unfortunately, their products would not work for us as promised. We will take these learnings and we continue to pursue the right technology solution to enhance our customers’ experience and improve our route efficiency. We are currently evaluating two additional alternative partners for routing and scheduling. We look forward to having a good 2015. And I'll now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. We are ready now to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from James Clement from Macquarie. Your line is open.
James Clement: All right. Gary, Eddie. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Sure. Good morning.
James Clement: So first question, the comment that you made about accelerating the branch operating system rollout plan into 2016, it sounds like -- to me it sounds like that’s a function of having another year under your belt here and having it go pretty well. Is there anything we need to be aware of from a cost perspective as we look at more sort of the heavy seasonal season to 2016, or is there going to be increased costs as a result of that or is it not really anything that we need to worry about?
Gary Rollins: James, it’s actually going to be the opposite of that. We actually learned as we went through the rollout during 2015. But as we begin the rollout and then we stop the rollout during the middle of the year and then picked it back up, there were actually additional costs doing it that way. So, we are going to take those learnings into 2016. And the operations’ folks have agreed to let us continue to deploy, which is actually going to reduce the costs that we would have anticipated that we would have had for the rollout for the remainder of the Orkin brand.
James Clement: Okay. Very good. And Gary, if I can ask one a follow-up from some of your prepared remarks. You mentioned some of the workshop that you had with some of the federal agencies and some of the industry trade groups and that sort of thing. Has that become a more important piece of how you look to manage the business in the wake of how the regulatory environment is kind of gotten much more strict, let’s say on steady base over the last 10 to 20 years?
Gary Rollins: I don’t really think. I think we’ve gotten better at it but I think it’s always been our priority for us. I mean, every opportunity that we have to put on training session with these folks, we have act in order. In fact, the previous one that we did was on termite tree and we had the APAP there. I think we had some of the CVCP over there. So, we attained their conventions. This is especially Escrow, which is the state regulatory group. We monitor the visits that our region managers make to the local state regulatory people. We want to have a very good relationship. So, I don’t think -- I think as I said, I think we’ve gotten better but I think we’ve always had a priority as far as our relationships with those people.
James Clement: And then the last question and thanks very much for taking it is. Comments on the routing and scheduling system, if my memory serves me correctly and I could certainly be wrong here, I can’t remember, was it code name Orion, the system a number of years ago that was tried on routing and scheduling. Are there any similarities to kind of this particular process and the process, the experience you had a number of years ago, because both of them had seemed like there was some cautious optimism and now it seems like kind of back to square one again?
Eddie Northen: Well, Jamie, I can’t speak to the Orion, I can speak to what I have learned from gathering information as we’ve been taking this new project on. And I know that there were functionality that concerns with the Orion. With the latest review that we’ve had, with the latest vendor part of it was cost and part of it was the capabilities that they would have in order to be able to do it, I’d call dynamic routing and not being able to fulfill the need that I think we would want to have for a long term.
James Clement: Okay.
Eddie Northen: So we know that there are other vendors and other options that are out there. We just wondered on this call to give you an update because this is one of the things that we've identified that we’re going to tackle and we’re going to be successful as we move forward. But we have had a little bit of a setback, but we’re all in agreement that it’s the right step to take these learnings and to move on as we’re evaluating these other vendors.
James Clement: Terrific. Thank you both very much for your time.
Gary Rollins: Jamie I can add about the Orion situation. Eddie have a good excuse, I don’t have one. In fact, it was my watch. We didn't have the right architecture. We really had learned from our mistakes. We didn't have the capacity to really handle all of our locations and this was very painful for us. And I think one of the advantage is you know what do they say fail early. I think I read that quote from the new Walmart guy and I think that that’s probably what we’ve taken that approach as far as this other vendor was concerned. We just didn't try to rationalize why it wouldn’t work in or why said one thing or whatever, we just likely better spend their time finding the right partner.
James Clement: Follow-up there, Gary. I mean, I can almost make an argument that you’re actually better off not having gone further down the Orion path because as I understand it based on the technology that's available today that wasn’t unavailable a number of years ago, knowing you all, you would probably be looking to upgrade that thing now anyway, wouldn’t you?
Gary Rollins: Well, I think you’re right. I think the technology and the costs, I mean it’s just like iPhone for instance. Then there was not -- and no one had even considered having a small, handheld phone device if you could log your services and transmit directly into the system. So you’re nice to say this I have a hard time saying it was a blessing, but I think in retrospect, just the capacity that we have in communications now is so much greater and less costly. So definitely they have been good things that have taken place during this period between Orion and BOSS.
James Clement: Yeah. I appreciate the time as always.
Eddie Northen: And maybe Jamie maybe one last thing to close this out is that Orion was a multiyear project and our latest endeavor here has been an assessment for the last couple of months. So I just want to put that in the context as we’ve gone through this assessment process to determine what the next steps can it should be. So we’re not way down the path with this.
James Clement: That’s very fair. And I am sorry if the implication of my question was connecting the two that way.
Eddie Northen: No, it wasn’t, I just wanted to put that into perspective.
James Clement: Great. Thank you all.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Joan Tong from Sidoti and Company. Your line is open.
Joan Tong: Good morning, Gary and Eddie, how are you?
Gary Rollins: Good. How are you?
Eddie Northen: Good morning, Joan.
Joan Tong: Very good. So Gary based on your prepared remark, I mean thank you for reminding us that Rollins is a people business. So, you take care of the employees and the employees take care of your customers. So you and I have spoken about it before, like during the recession you'd pick up a bunch of very good people helping you. And I am just wondering if when the economy continues to improve, do you have run into any issues in terms of attracting more talent going forward?
Gary Rollins: Well, I think we spent this period identifying an address of the female recruiting efforts and all and that comes to another area. So I think we realized that it wouldn’t going to be the same employment situation and so we really took a proactive step to say this is two areas that we really need to have more of these employees and just like managing sales people, we take numbers every month. We want to know who is moving the needle and who isn’t moving the needle. And so I really think that we identified the opportunities that will keep us from having a fall back as far as our recruitment is concerned.
Joan Tong: Thank you for the answer. And then in terms of your residential business, obviously it has been very strong growing at that 6%, 7% rate. And then also the lead generation closure, all the metrics looks pretty good. From what I understand is like you probably are going to be running into a pretty difficult comparison, because last year around this time we have seen like meaningful improvement in terms of that growth rate on the lead closure and lead generation. I am just wondering, this type of growth rate is going to be sustainable going forward, and what's really causing like any further improvement?
Gary Rollins: I think that we have some things that have not matured yet for us as far as our HomeSuite and BizSuite proprietary software that we’ve developed for iPads. I think we’ve continued to improve that product. We are looking at our internal sales management software versus going outside and checking kind of the best in the class outside sources. I think that marketing still tells me that they have got a couple rabbits in the hat. I would like to tell you that there is no problem with this. There is a always a challenge, but I think like the recruiting situation and I think we’ve been working on tools that will help us maintain this momentum.
Eddie Northen: Joan, this is Eddie. So I don’t know if you had a chance to look, but September a year ago was the strongest September on record for Rollins. So the comp with that obviously caused some headwinds for us for Q3. I don’t know that we have that same issue when we take a look at the Q4 from 2014. And like I mentioned, when you take a look at the leads that you mentioned as well, those are showing significant improvements comparing the same time period to last year. So Gary’s point, it’s never going to be easy or always going to have the headwinds, but I think these are couple of indicators that show kind of moving in the right direction.
Joan Tong: Okay. That’s fair. And then in terms of the cost side, any extra items like additional costs that you have spent this quarter related to the BOSS system, the evaluating of the scheduling module? And also how much is the fuel cost benefit for this quarter?
Eddie Northen: So for the three questions, so BOSS, our costs are in line with where we had anticipated that we would be for the year. There’s nothing it’s been extraordinary there from that perspective. The routing and scheduling, there really are or no cost that have been a part of that, it’s really all been taking our data, putting it into a system to look and see what the output would be. We've had management time, but nothing else is really kind of outside of that that is concerned. And we’re closer to being able to give some more information as far as the benefits from BOSS. As you may remember, our first branch that went on was right at a year ago in October. So we feel for Q1 that we’ll be able to share what we've seen as far as the benefits are concerned. But we feel good about the overall system to the point of wanting to continue to roll this out sooner next year rather than taken that summertime period off. So we’ll be ready to share some more information with that soon.
Gary Rollins: Joan, I think one thing is, we just gotten better. As the system has matured, there are enhancements that we convert every month. Our training knowledge is gotten better. I mean, we understand our help desk has gotten better. We have few questions. We have fewer inquiries. But as you would expect, we’ve learned from our mistakes and I think that we’ll have an opportunity that the more mature BOSS branches will be able to contribute to the cost of the second phase of rollout.
Joan Tong: Okay. And then just follow up on the gasoline price is being like cheaper this year and it seems like that benefits done a roll off at the end of 2015. Just can you give us an update like in terms of how much cost benefits like year-over-year during the third quarter you got from the low gasoline prices?
Eddie Northen: So during the third quarter, we have roughly between 650,000 to 800,000 gallons. We had a savings of a little less than a dollar, that's being kind of inline with what we've seen. We’re seeing gas prices as we’re seeing across the country continue to take down slightly. So we're still continue to see a little bit of gain, but to your point not the same gain that we would have seen year-over-year when we take a look at all of ‘15.
Joan Tong: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Gary Rollins: Thanks, Joan.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean Egan from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Sean Egan: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Egan: I had a quick question for you on Australia. Is there any more color you can give us regarding that market just given their macroeconomic softening which is obviously balanced by a pretty strong housing market? So I'm just curious since you're focused on the commercial side, what you’ve seen in any additional details you can give us?
Eddie Northen: Well, Sean, thanks for your question. I’m sure if it’s a good or bad to have economic down cycles. I would say that when you're earlier on in the process of building a business like we are in Australia, I would say, it would be better for it to happen earlier rather than later. And I say that because the operations have done a tremendous job rightsizing the overall operation support that we have in place there. We kind of inherited with some of the companies that we bought. But as we’ve gone through and we taken a look at where the revenue levels have been, we’ve been able to go through and make some really good decisions that it had help right-size the cost structure there that I believe is going to have us really be lien as we continue to have opportunities to be able to add additional revenues with potential future acquisitions. So we're just working through what we have at this point in time and continuing to make things better as we’re continuing to right-size from a cost perspective.
Sean Egan: Got you. And then forgive me if I missed it but last quarter you called out bed bug is particularly strong. And I was wondering if you could share anything regarding that line of business this time around?
Eddie Northen: Bed bugs for the quarter were up about $1.9 million, up about 9.3%, little bit slower than what we've seen in the couple of the previous quarters, but the overall still a really strong year.
Sean Egan: Got you. Thanks. And then my last question is just kind of systematic big picture here. When you guys look at the U.S. market and we see a lower proportion of homeowners and a greater renter population? How does that impact the way that you're kind of going about planning for your residential business if at all?
Eddie Northen: Well, it’s squarely on the mind of our Chief Marketing Officer, Kevin Smith. He has put together plans for what he feels the multifamily unit look like as we move forward in time. At this point in time demand is as you know has not been dampened on the residential side, but we do know that as we move into the future that household formations possibly will look different. And taken a look at that is as total units, is that a total unit and a commercial property or the individual units that are condos or apartments or something else like that, is what we’re going through and we’re working through. We have some of that business right now on both sides. I mean we have apartment buildings and complexes in condo units that are commercial properties for us or commercial business for us. And then we have other individuals that were contacted if for whatever reason their building does not provide the support. So we see that advancing. I think to your question. I think we see that population advancing and our marketing group has that on their radar to be able to make sure that we are adjusting our marketing and adjust our operational effectiveness with that.
Sean Egan: Okay. Great. Thank you. That’s all for me.
Gary Rollins: Thanks, John.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Denny Galindo from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Denny Galindo: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Gary Rollins: Hey, good morning, Denny.
Denny Galindo: Yeah. I wanted to dive in a little bit more to the regional differences you’re seeing. Your numbers are better when you exclude Canada and the international acquisitions and a lot of that was from currency. But did you see any softness in other and like energy states like Texas or were there any regional kind of weaknesses in the numbers this quarter or strengths as well?
Gary Rollins: Yeah. So let’s stick to the Canada and the Australia. You're exactly right with what you said as far as the currency. The other thing that we see there is that in those areas the predominant of our business is commercial and not residential. So we’re seeing more of an impact in those areas that impacted our overall commercial numbers. As far as the United States are concerned, we really don't have anything that’s material that we would talk about in any particular area. We would just really kind of talk about Canada and Australia when it come to those two areas.
Denny Galindo: Okay. That’s helpful. And then I also I wanted to delve into termite as well. So you kind of cut this a lot of different ways. But it looks the growth there did decelerate a little bit in the most comparable quarter-to-quarter analysis. So could you provide any color there is whether you're seeing fewer customers, any changes in pricing, any color on the mix of renewals versus new customers. Is there any more color on that termite number?
Gary Rollins: I’ll go back to what I said as far as the total numbers are concerned. I mean you are right about the quarter and the quarter is definitely slower than what we have been in a few previous quarters. But quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, the cycles are just different. And when you take a look at it in total, we’re right on pace for our overall growth rate when you look at it in comparison to the previous two years. In Q1, we had an 8% growth rate for termite. If you look at that same quarter in 2014, it was one-tenth of a percent. So it just way different sometimes quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, based on what the nature decides to go through and have the bugs do what they do.
Gary Rollins: If I can add one thing, we do a lot of benchmarking with our competitors. We've developed good relationships to kind of get industry knowledge. Certainly, we wanted to build up good relationships as far as future acquisition prospects. But termite business overall has just not been strong as it had been historically. And there’s two schools of thought, one says the termite sides are better, the other one says that it’s mother nature. If I had to vote, I’d say it’s mother nature. I think its just one of those cycles. I don’t sense that the termite sides are better than chlordane was with some of the other products. But it is out there and what we have to do is work in the areas that we can control and that’s retention and pricing. In those areas, and just hope that Mother Nature responds. So if we were just asked, I would really be concerned and regrettably its kind of industry wide situation.
Eddie Northen: And Denny, to Gary’s points, we see this overall a termite growing at a slower rate than what we see in the pest control area. And we just go through and look and see what it is that we can do as far as growing, taking market share, and we’ve taken whatever smaller amount of new customers that are out there. So we can do. That’s the reason why I think the growth rate still being in line still point to the fact that even in a slower growing area such as termite, we are still getting a healthy market share.
Denny Galindo: Okay, that's great. That was a lot of detail there. The last one is kind of a big picture question. You mentioned in your prepared comments about a competitor that had been coming into the market and paying very high multiples, which we noticed as well. But I wondered if you could talk about how they might impact the industry especially in the commercial piece? It does seem like that a recent acquisition they’ve made and there global operation that there are a little bit more focused on a bundled product then you guys are, some of the other guys in industry. So, I wonder if you could talk about the strength and weaknesses of a bundled product versus a more focused product. And how you see that that impact in industry overall?
Gary Rollins: So Denny, when you say bundled product, once you have to find that for me.
Eddie Northen: Okay. Providing other services this to a commercial customer besides this pest control looking at like, auditing or other types of services that might be interested?
Gary Rollins: Right. Are you talking about add-on services?
Eddie Northen: I think you talking about like other things. So when competitor may go and do hand washing so the different thing like that.
Denny Galindo: Exactly, yes.
Eddie Northen: So, Denny, what all I say to that is that, we are a number one in pest control. We are number one in residential and commercial pest control. We are number two in termite. Those are the areas that we have concentrated on. And while other companies have different models that they feel will -- that they can go through and cross-sell, our philosophy is that we’re going to be a pest control in wild life and we are going to be the best at that which we feel is so absolutely we are. We are not going to dilute what is that we do. We are going to provide the best possible customer service, which is going to enable us to have that the leading retention rates in the industry. And while the other models have their pros and cons, our philosophy is this is the lane that we stay in, we are the best at it and we are just going to continue to find ways to get better.
Denny Galindo: Any thoughts on how this new competitor could impact things either positively or negatively?
Gary Rollins: I don’t think, it’s not competitor.
Denny Galindo: Well not new but more aggressive I guess.
Gary Rollins: Well, I’ve not seen this before waste management team in the industry about I don’t know 25 years ago, 30 years ago, and really started overspending for pest control companies. And putting together they are going to try to do a rollup and they had systems that didn't talk to each other. No two companies exactly running their business in the same way. And so we saw that that was a different situation, a different model. They became so discouraged they ended up selling it to service master at that time. I think there's always a situation that an individual that doesn’t follow the industry very well looks at some of these multiples and thinks that their company is worth those same multiples. And I think that that’s certainly not a positive. But we saw Sears come into the business. They hit the wall, waste management did that we tried to stay fairly close to these folks as far as how their acquisition is doing. And frankly, we haven't seen anything that really was remarkable. And I think we’ve got a lot of good opportunities on the wildlife area, very pleased with Critter Control, very pleased with the TruTech. So we are prepared to shift our emphasis if we need to do that and we just have to wait and see what happens.
Eddie Northen: Denny, one of the advantages that we have at Rollins is that we have Gary and his brother Randall that have been in the industry for 40 to 50 plus years.
Denny Galindo: This is plenty.
Eddie Northen: We are going to call it an advantage on this call since the call we’re being recorded. And they seem to cycle, they seem to Gary’s point, they seem companies come into the market potentially overpay and what’s happened in the end. And really what the final measurement is going to be is what are the quality, what’s the quality of the service they provide. Our quality of service is going to be the best in the industry. So the question is somebody else is coming in to try to do that with an acquisition. Can they keep that same quality of service or enhance that quality of service to point of being able to keep there customers. That's really what they will come down to and do it at an affordable price. But with discipline that the Rollins has had throughout the years, the recipe has absolutely worked to be able to add on at the right price and they continued to grow the business.
Gary Rollins: I think another thing is this my experience has shown me is there is quite of bit commotion when this happens. Among the people, I think the employees in these organizations is sidetracked with the changes and so forth and I think that if we do offer opportunities, one as it may give you an opportunity to strengthen some of your pains. But the other thing it does well while they are trying to take their pause and figure out what's going on, they can’t be concentrating as hard on the fundamentals as they had been and they need to be.
Denny Galindo: Thanks, guys. Thanks a lot of great background. And I was wondering if there could be opportunity, as well as it sounds like there could be some share gain opportunities in the future.
Gary Rollins: Yes. We appreciate it. Thanks, Denny.
Operator: And we have no additional questions at this time.
Gary Rollins: Okay. I hope that’s a good sign. But as I said the years, this is slipping away and I just want you all to know that we not diluted that we are going to be working hard right up to the finish line to improve our business and improve our growth and continue to be successful. So we look forward to sharing with you how we finished in January. Thank you for your interest.
Eddie Northen: That will end the call. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. You may now disconnect at any time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and CEO Eddie Northen - Treasurer and CFO
Analysts: Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Dan Dolev - Jefferies Jamie Clement - Macquarie Joan Tong - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Rollin's Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the pass code 3030827. Additionally, the call is being Webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the call with me today are Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Eddie Northen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2015 conference call. Eddie will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Eddie Northen: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31st, 2014 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Before I get started, let me welcome our new CFO, Eddie Northen, to his first quarterly Rollins investor conference call.
Eddie Northen: Thank you.
Gary Rollins: I never get tired of saying this, so pardon me for being repetitive; but we are very pleased to have once again, achieved record revenues and profit for both our second quarter and first six months of 2015. For the quarter, revenue grew 6.2% to approximately $392 million, compared to $369 million in last year's second quarter. Net income rose 10.3% to $45 million or $0.21 per diluted share, compared to net income of $40.9 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. Revenues for the first six months rose 5.9% to $723 million, compared to $682.7 million for the same period of last year. Net income increased 13.1% to approximately $75.4 million with earnings per share of $0.34 per diluted share, compared to $66.6 million or $0.30 per diluted share for the prior year period. In a few minutes, Eddie will provide more details on these numbers. All of our business lines experienced good growth during the quarter, with residential pest control up 7.8%, commercial pest control grew 4.6% and termite rose 3.9%. Our bed bug business has continued to grow and outpaces the industry. At a recent national bed bug summit, it was reported that the industry 7.7% back in 2011, and had maintained a consistent growth rate of 7.3% through 2014. As you may recall, we ended 2014 with record growth of 18% for our bed bug business. In the second quarter this year, our growth was even greater. There's no question that bed bugs continue to be a major test worldwide. Recently, I was referred to a book that was written in 1932, where the author cited numerous fears in the Austrian-Hungarian Empire, where he said the civilized Austrian was menaced there by bears, and wolves and even more dreadful monsters such as lice and bedbug. Eight plus decades later, that same fear remains. Most recently, as being fueled by articles in the press, such as the one that states that bedbugs could spread to deadly, heart damaging Chagas disease. The consensus among researchers, is that its very unlikely that bedbugs will be responsible for transmitting serious diseases to humans. However, the reality is, according to information shared at the summit, its social and psychological issues arise when people experience bedbugs at home. Compounding those problem, unfortunately, doctors can't tell the difference between a mosquito bite and a bedbug bite. Given those dynamics among others, we expect our bedbug business along with our mosquito business to experience continued growth. HomeTeam also enjoyed very good growth in the quarter, with dollars and installs up 26% and revenues from new customers, those who have activated their systems, up 21%. As HomeTeam continues to grow with new customers, they are also finding ways to become more efficient. Three years ago, HomeTeam introduced their PestPac customer portal, which customers can utilize to pre-pay or auto pay for their services. As of June 30th, over 40% of all HomeTeam customers were on some type of pre-pay or auto-pay program. With these payments hitting the bank two to three days faster than by mail, and no debt entry is required by our employees, HomeTeam's receivables have improved significantly. As most of you are aware, we are continuing investing in our business to ensure we remain the world's largest and best pest control company. And as noted in the past, our marketing efforts play an important role in helping us to achieve and attract the most desirable customers. Last year, you may recall among other marketing initiatives, we gave our website, a facelift. Our objective was to better educate consumer, while demonstrating Orkin's outstanding ability to handle all types of pests and pest control related problems. We also began exploring opportunities to expand our presence with a different audience via YouTube. With a goal of gaining views and engagement and driving consumers to our web site. Based on the success achieved from this outreach, we have upped our game so to speak. This year, we have a series of how-to videos entitled At Home with the Orkin Man. This can be found on YouTube's playlist. To give you an idea of the market potential these present, searches related to how-tos on YouTube are growing 70% year-over-year and more than 100 million hours of How-To content has been watched in North America alone, as of June this year. Near one in three millenials, say, that they have purchased a product as a result of watching a how-to video. And 91% of smartphone users turn to their devices for ideas, while completing a task. I am guessing that most of you on the call at one time or another, may have been interested in learning about one of these video topics. How to protect your home from Rats? How to Remove a Wasp Nest? How to Remove Ticks? How to get Rid of Mosquitoes? How to Identify Bedbugs or how to Inspect for Termites? These subjects were selected based on our research to align with high search volume do it yourself. This is our effort to help people with their pest control problems, while making Orkin readily available, should they decide to use an expert. We are also very excited about this campaign, and believe that it will not only create goodwill for our Orkin brand, but also, as I mentioned, to help create consideration for Orkin, should the viewers seek an alternative. These how-to videos will also help support our position as the authority in pest control. One of the biggest components in making Rollins what it is, has been, and will continue to be in the future, our company's culture. We know it’s a word just tossed around quite a bit these days, and can be defined as a blend of values, beliefs, priorities, and commitments, that companies develop over time. Here, the cornerstone of our culture and its ingrained in our mission statement, is to be the world's best service company. We are committed to that objective, and will always be driven in that regard. Last year, we concluded a culture survey of approximately 3,000 long term field employees, or culture keepers, as we have defined them. They know our company well, and are well qualified to provide their views about Rollins' culture. We then compare these results with a result of a separate survey of our company's leadership and found incredible alignment. This alignment, when asked what was important to the company from top to bottom, speaks volumes to how integrated, cohesive, and resilient our culture is. We felt that that was pretty amazing, when you consider our size and geographic reach. Another important part of our culture is our dedication to continuous improvement. Simply we know, we can always do better. And as we have discussed previously, we are always looking to improve our service to the benefit of our customers, as well as to improve our operating efficiencies. To that end, we routinely dedicate resources to study and identify opportunities to accelerate our growth and profitability. Later this year, we look forward to sharing with you more information on some of these initiatives, that are directed to improve our company. Following 10 years in the making, on June 4, we had the grand opening of the Rollins Heritage Center here in Atlanta. A dream of ours and certainly one on my bucket list, was to have a place our employees could be proud of, a facility that would house all the important documents and memorabilia that speak to Rollins Inc.'s history of over 100 years collectively. Among the many documents and memorabilia, our newspaper clippings from all work and advertisements from the 40s, letters from satisfied customers dating back to the 1900s, the last Ford Ranger truck of the production line, which is a gift from Ford Motor Company and also displayed as a replica of Orkin's official uniform from the 40s as well as a reproduction of a Orkin wagon used to deliver services during World War II, when gasoline and vehicles were rationed. I could go on and on, but would just say, if you find yourself in Atlanta in the future, we would welcome you to visit our center. You can also visit the Rollins' learning center at the same time, as it adjoins the heritage center. As a service company, we must be focused on the success and well being of our employees. As an example, we are pleased to announced that Rollins has set up a non-profit organization to help our employees in crisis. At one time or another, countless members of our employees have been affected by natural disasters, including hurricanes, flooding, as well as other personal disasters such as losses due to fire, medical bills, or other family emergencies. Employees may also contribute to the fund, however its not necessary to contribute, in order to apply for a grant. Our President, John Wilson, sums up our intent well saying, this is a great way to show your support and help fellow employees. We all care about each other and this foundation allows us to express that. Operationally, we continue to expand our roster of international franchises. This quarter, we were pleased to have expanded our presence in China, with the establishment of a new franchise in China's capital city, Beijing. Orkin now has four franchises in China and 39 in total throughout the world. It has been an exciting, busy and rewarding first half of the year for all of us. We are all looking forward to sharing with you the next quarters, and I'd like to send a well deserved thank you to all of our associates around the globe, who make our success possible. I will now turn the call over to Eddie, for an update on our financials.
Eddie Northen: For those of you that might be tired of geopolitics, the only grief that we will mention today is the liquid that needs to be removed in commercial kitchens for a clean, pest free environment. That play on words is my tribute to my friend and mentor Harry Cynkus, who successfully reported this call for 17 years. As Harry has asked numerous times and I have been asked in my short time on board, we continue to struggle to find any direct economic correlation to our quarterly success. Our 6.2% revenue gain was accomplished by our outstanding sales and operations personnel, in the same quarter that the Wall Street Journal wrote the article entitled Retailers Hit by June Swoon.  As you all know, retail sales were not robust for Q2. However, we had a strong performance in the second quarter, with all service lines showing impressive growth. Key to the quarter, included strong residential growth and continued cost discipline by our operations team. Looking at the numbers, the company reported first quarter revenues of $392 million, an increase of 6.2% over the prior year's first quarter's revenue of $369 million. We experienced that growth across all of our families of brands, as measured in constant currency. Net income increased 10.3% to $45.1 million compared to $40.9 million, with earnings per share up 10.5% to $0.21 versus $0.19 per diluted share last year in the second quarter. For the first six months of 2015, revenues rose 5.9% to $723 million compared to $682.7 million last year. Net income for the first six months of 2015 was $75.4 million or $0.34 per diluted share, compared to the same period last year, representing a 13.3% increase in diluted earnings per share year-to-date. Let's take a look through the revenue by service line; residential pest control was up an impressive 7.8%, which is the best growth since 2012. Commercial pest control, up 4.6%, and termite was up 3.9%. With operations in Canada and Australia, the strong dollar was once again not our friend. The currency impact caused over a 1% decline on company growth, and there was no currency hedging offset. On the other side of this, our acquisitions made over the last year, Statewide and PermaTreat, and our most recent acquisition Critter Control contributed 1.4%. But all of that together, that means that our business excluding currency, excluding acquisitions, grew 5.7% versus 4.6% in Q1. As for the impressive residential pest control gains, we definitely had favorable weather in certain parts of the country compared to last year, but in addition, our sales staffing and productivity continues to be improved, and our marketing group is seeing traction, matching media delivery to customer opportunities.  Our residential customer base has grown 21 consecutive quarters and is quite an impressive growth story. Again for the quarter, residential, which makes up 41% of our revenue, grew 7.8%, excluding acquisition, 7%. Termite that makes up 17% of our revenue was up 3.9%, excluding acquisition, 1.5%; and commercial pest control, which is 42% of our revenue was up 4.6%, excluding acquisition, 4%. Commercial was again heavily impacted by the weak Canadian and Australian dollars, as most of our business in these countries is commercial. If you just look at our commercial business, excluding acquisition, they grew 4%, which does include a significant lift from fumigation. Fumigation had its best growth quarter in the last five years, up 16.6%. It would not be an earnings call without highlighting the continued growth in bedbug revenue. We enjoyed a growth of 18.5% in the second quarter or $17 million. Again staying with our residential growth theme, our residential bedbug business grew 27% for the quarter, which was very encouraging. For those of you that travel, make sure you check out our 'How to Identify Bedbug?' video on YouTube that Gary mentioned earlier. Here in Atlanta, as in much of the country, summer is in full swing. In total, leads received, leads sold and percent of leads closed, all continue to trend in the right direction, which bodes well for the future. HomeTeam had another great quarter, with improvement in their Taexx Tubes in the wall margin and improved pricing, which resulted in new Taexx activation dollars up 21%. In total, gross margin for the quarter improved 51.5% for the second quarter, versus 50.6% in the prior year. The quarter benefited from improved service salary with lower fleet costs due to the drop in fuel, while maintaining good cost controls across most expense categories, including materials and supplies. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter increased $637,000 totaling $11.2 million. Depreciation was $4.8 million, increasing $1 million, with most of that increase related to our new branch BOSS operating system. Amortization of intangibles was $6.5 million, which decreased nearly $365,000, as some of the older eight to 10-year old acquisitions have become fully amortized. For the full year, amortization of intangibles, which is typically from the value assigned to acquired customer contracts, will represent a significant after-tax non-cash charge of approximately $0.07 to $0.08 this year. As for BOSS, the deployment continues positively forward. At the end of the quarter, we were 38% deployed for the Orkin brand. With the pest business ramping up in the summer, by design, we are deploying at a slower rate until the fall. On a recent field visit, I was able to see the latest system release, a service manager check-in dashboard. This dashboard will give real time online display of all service technician status and progress on their scheduled services throughout the day. When we have the opportunity for a new customer same day start, will allow better efficiency and assigning the sale to the appropriate technician. Sales, general and administrative expense for the second quarter increased $7.9 million or 7.1% to 30.2% of revenue, increasing from 30% for the second quarter last year. The increase is due to higher sales salaries, which were driven by increased sales, related to payroll expense due to acquisitions, such as PermaTreat and professional fees related to procurement and acquisitions. Income before income tax was up 10.1% in the quarter. We had a few minor one time tax items that brought our tax rate down to 37.7%. We expect the tax rate to return to 38% next quarter. All of this resulted in a net income, that was up 10.3%. Our balance sheet remains strong, as we continue to look for more opportunities to reinvest in our business. Year-to-date, we spent over $30 million on acquisitions and continue to look for opportunities in the pest and wildlife areas. We had $18 million of capital expenditures and had $109.7 million in cash, along with no debt. With my first three months in the job under my belt, I am more encouraged than ever on the strength of Rollins and our business model, and the management team, as we continue to achieve our growth and profitability. During my visits over the past months, I have been asked about my vision for the future of the company, and briefly here are few of my thoughts. First and foremost, don't mess with what is working. We have a great balance of customer interaction and efficiency. Ensuring the customer has a great experience is a key to the industry leading retention rates. This is constantly in our sights. Second, related to the first, and based on my prior work experience, there is opportunity in the area of customer routing and scheduling. We want to find the right way to continue to enhance the customer experience by being at the right customer home or business at the right time always. And lastly, with the opportunity outside of the United States; our international operations and international franchisees are doing a tremendous job. I had a chance to meet with some of our international franchisees a few weeks ago, and they are very hungry to grow, and by country, had great plans to do so. As I wrap up, I would like to take a quick moment to thank all of those great individuals, that have helped to transition into this new role. From Rollins operations groups to the non-operating support groups, to the business associates, which include investors and analysts, that have all stepped forward to lend their support, I truly say, thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. Well we are ready now to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: Hey, good morning, guys.
Eddie Northen: Good morning Joe.
Joe Box: Eddie, you said earlier that leads sold and leads generated were moving in the right direction. Can you maybe put some more color around those metrics? I'm just curious if that direction suggests an acceleration or a deceleration from current growth rates?
Eddie Northen: I think we are in line with the current growth rates. I think we have seen growth from Q1 to Q2 across all of the different products. And I think we have seen similar improvements from previous quarters for all three of the categories.
Joe Box: Within leads sold and leads generated?
Eddie Northen: Right. I am talking about for all three of those categories.
Joe Box: Okay, perfect. And then you both alluded to sales and productivity improvement. Do you guys have a sense of what portion of revenue growth that you are seeing tends to be more market share gain-oriented versus just end market growth in pest control?
Gary Rollins: Well we think they were growing fast than the industry. There is not a lot of market data in our industry, that would be current or quarterly. But looking at other businesses, through our acquisition activities, attending these summits, reading the trade publications, we believe that we are going faster in all of the elements. We think that we have made investments that other people are not or other companies are really not in the same -- have the same opportunity in doing, and that's had a lot to do with it, and then as I mentioned earlier, we are just not happy with where we are, we want to do better. So we just keep pushing in every direction or every way that we know to.
Eddie Northen: Joe, this is Eddie. So the only small amount of science that's out there, that our marketing group is able to do, is to take a look at the total search -- total Google search under the pest control topic, and then look to see what percent of that, that we went. And we feel to Gary's thought -- to Gary's suggestion, that we are winning more of those than potentially the others that are out there.
Gary Rollins: And I think that this is important, because what we really need to know is our internet work contributing positively and there is our advertising contributing positively. One of the great things that Google search does is, give us kind of an overall reflection as far as the industry is doing. If the searches are up in general, then Mother Nature, we think is making a contribution, and you got to be careful that you're not giving yourself too much credit. But in our analysis, we are growing faster than that barometer.
Joe Box: Right. Okay. I appreciate that color. Last one for me, just can you give us an update on the Critter Control integration? Maybe where you're at in that process, if you're starting to see any revenue synergy from the deal, and any of the targets that you're willing to put out?
Eddie Northen: So Joe, I think I am ready to talk about targets at this point in time. I will tell you that we were able to meet with the advisory board of Critter Control, have been in town and had a chance to meet with them. They are very happy with the way that the integration is going. I am not sure that you are ever going to have every franchisee that's always going to be happy. But 17 of the 18 that were in the room, were extremely positive. They are happy with what they are getting from a marketing support. They are happy with what they are getting from the back office support that we have been able to give them. And that's a little bit of the synergy that I think that we are going to be able to see in the shorter term, its going to be that. So we will continue to spend time with them, and I think that's going to help us as we are moving forward, and as we kind of develop our overall wildlife strategy.
Gary Rollins: Joe, I think its important that we really don't do too much too quickly. We really need to get to know these people better, and need to really show, as Eddie mentioned, the things that we can do to their benefit. And then I think that will allow us in the future to consider how we handle the TruTech name and expansion and potential purchasing opportunities that we might have with some of the franchises that are interested in selling their business. But we are just trying to be fairly calm and solidify the relationship.
Joe Box: Right, I understand that completely. Are you pushing leads right now from TruTech that they can't perform to Critter Control, or has that not happened yet?
Gary Rollins: We are sharing leads. I mean we are -- as you know, we are in a lot of markets. Orkin is in a lot of markets that TruTech is not in. And so, I think that's one of the big benefits that this acquisition is providing these franchisees. So yes, we are providing those leads, and I think that fosters a sense of cooperation, and we are in a position really to help Orkin with leads, because they are not taking care of all the pest control or bedbugs and there is many areas in pest control that they don't really address.
Joe Box: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And next we will go to Dan Dolev with Jefferies.
Dan Dolev: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions, one on revenue and one on opportunities, long-term opportunities; on the residential side, it seems like a very nice acceleration. Is 7% sort of the new run rate? And if yes, why?
Eddie Northen: So Dan, this is Eddie. I am not sure if that's the new run rate or not. I think if you look back as I said, since 2012, this is the fastest growth quarter that we have had. I think marketing field is very good with their matching of their media to the target audiences, which we feel is helping to be able to move the residential forward. So I am not sure if we know where that new run rate is going to be. The weather was good around most of the country, as we know. I mean, a couple of isolated spots where we had extensive rains and those types of things. But overall, the weather was good, which would always push towards a good residential number for us.
Dan Dolev: Got it. And what happened in termites? It seems a little bit light. I know the comps were tougher.
Eddie Northen: You sound like me. Well outside of Gary's comments, Q1, we had a 8% growth which was a very positive number. And if you look back over the previous years and you kind of look at the two quarters together, you kind of see numbers that are in line or may be slightly better than what we have seen in the last couple of years. We could have had the end of March be a little bit stronger, where as in previous years, those first -- last couple of weeks of March could have pushed into April and made a difference. But I think if you take a look at the first quarter and you move into the second, you will see numbers that are relatively in line with what we have seen.
Dan Dolev: Okay. One more quick one. Any color on this year's price increase? Usually take [ph] pricing.
Eddie Northen: You just want color on it?
Dan Dolev: Yeah some color on -- what is the impact, what's going on with the price increases this year?
Eddie Northen: Yes, elasticity is still good, the testing January/February, then we had March and April testing. All the testing is showing similar results to what we have seen in the past. The [indiscernible] continues to give us opportunity to make sure that we are selling and sticking in the right areas. And our analytics group that we have stood up in this last year, have made a difference in us being able to really know and understand what areas -- where we need to be, especially from zip-plus [ph] perspective, and that's where we have seen improvements.
Dan Dolev: Got it. All right. I'll get back in the queue. I have more questions that I can ask later. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we will go to Jamie Clement with Macquarie.
Jamie Clement: Gary, Eddie, good morning.
Eddie Northen: Good morning.
Jamie Clement: A couple of random questions. You know, obviously the 7% number in residential was the number that most caught my attention. Gary, obviously Mother Nature is a component, housing can be a component, and I'm hoping that perhaps you can give me your thoughts on that. Digital marketing, obviously that's something you've talked about as a success over the last couple of years. As you look at the things that drive your residential business, in a 90-day rearview mirror, what were the things that kind of popped out on the page that impressed you?
Gary Rollins: Well, you know, as I've told you on previous calls, I hate to talk about weather because we can't control it, but we did have good weather, and we're continuing to really work hard as I shared earlier was our Internet and our mobile marketing. I think that the marketing folks deserve a lot of credit as far as continuing to identify new ways to capture consumers. I think that we have aligned ourselves properly as far as really stressing the educational side. You know, more and more people are shopping on the Internet to help direct their decision-making, and we want to position ourselves that we are the authorities, and we're the first and hopefully the only source that they're looking to when they have a pest problem. I think our BizSuite and HomeSuite products or iPad products that we have for our salespeople, our people are getting more comfortable with them. We're making -- continuing to make enhancements with the field feedback. We have a better product than we had a year ago. I think that that's making a contribution as well. So there's just a lot of components. It's really hard to quantify that this one is 50% or this one is 25%, but --
Jamie Clement: No, that's very fair. That's very fair. Gary, if I could ask you about HomeTeam, one of the things that Harry had periodically mentioned over time was that -- typically Rollins didn't make a lot of money on -- if any really at all, on the installation of the Taexx tubes into the wall, and that perhaps over time that was something that perhaps the Company could make a little bit of money on; because it certainly was a value add for the builder. Any update on that kind of progress?
Gary Rollins: Well, yes, I think we've increased it. You know, when the contractors are in trouble, which they went through a pretty rough period of time, you don't really have much of an opportunity to raise your rates. I think what we've been able to do is, now that things are better and housing starts are up and they're doing better, we've been able to slightly increase our rates, as far as our install rates, and we've also identified some contractors that we really have deemed not to be profitable. So I think that we've improved our margins in that regard, and we've been prudent. And I think that builders do see value. You know, very rarely do we ever, if ever lose a builder because they don't think that this is a great value-added feature for them to provide the new purchaser.
Jamie Clement: Very fair. Thank you. And Eddie, one last question: is my math of about 800,000 gallons at about a $0.90 benefit in terms of fuel year-over-year, is that about right?
Eddie Northen: We'll say it's a number between 650,000 and 850,000, and the price per gallon is going to be a little bit more than that.
Jamie Clement: Okay, got it.
Eddie Northen: Okay.
Jamie Clement: Many thanks.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yup, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will next go to Joan Tong with Sidoti and Company.
Joan Tong: Hi Gary and Eddie, how are you?
Gary Rollins: Good, how are you?
Eddie Northen: Good morning Joan.
Joan Tong: Good morning. A couple of questions here. Obviously the residential segment is very, very strong, and I'm just wondering with the upside surprise on the top line, I believe we would have seen better margins expansion carry-forward down to the bottom line, but we haven't seen that. Last quarter, the margin expanded over 100 basis points; this quarter is a little bit light. I'm just wondering, is there anything one-time there that caused your expenses to be a little bit higher this quarter?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Joan, we had a little bit of one-time expense, and there's nothing that's going to be recurring that's going to cause a degradation in what you've seen in previous quarters. We had a little bit higher advertising cost this quarter that was really just kind of a shift in some dollars from one quarter to another. And then anything else that we had, were really just one-time events.
Joan Tong: Okay. And then the gas, lower gas prices benefit on the year-over-year comparison, how much is the benefit for the quarter?
Eddie Northen: The benefit for the quarter for fuel will be somewhere around $2.5 million.
Joan Tong: Okay. Thank you. And then let's talk about your commercial business. It was a little bit light last quarter, still very good results. You know, you're talking about 4% growth in the first quarter. It seems like you stepped up a little bit. We [indiscernible] like around 6% in the second quarter. We know that your competitors, one of your major competitors keeps talking about like you may be putting more effort into the commercial business. Have you seen any change in competitive landscape? And definitely the uptick of this quarter, like showing that, like there's some improvement there, so any color you can share?
Eddie Northen: Well, I'll share two things with you, Joan. I think, one, we feel as though the commercial could have even been a little bit better. Our foreign exchange difference, which was a little over a full percent on the revenue, was mostly in the commercial area. I mean, most of our business that we had in Canada and Australia is commercial business. So we feel as though the numbers could have been even a little better. But we feel as though the use of the BizSuite by our national accounts group is helping to be able to maybe differentiate a little bit from the sales perspective, and they are able to use their information that they have to be able to lock customers in, as we are growing on the residential -- I'm sorry, on the commercial side. So I think it's kind of the combination of those two things that are helping us continue to move the commercial forward.
Joan Tong: And any change in competitive landscape?
Gary Rollins: Well, if you believe what you read, you would think so because I think that Rentokil and Terminix have spent quite a bit of time talking about their emphasis. But keep in mind, this is a very fragmented business, and more likely than not, we're running into locals and regionals more so than we are running into Rentokil or Ecolab or so forth. So it's kind of hard to really weigh that. You know, our intent is just to go after the business, and I think we did a better job this past quarter as far as our national accounts were concerned, and those things are kind of lumpy. I mean, you really -- you know, it takes quite a few months to really -- to make progress in that area because of the sales cycle. But I don't think -- I don't hear our people really talking about one or two specific competitors that's really giving them a hard time.
Joan Tong: Okay. That's good. Thanks for the update. Regarding HomeTeam, I believe Jamie kind of asked the questions regarding HomeTeam's profitability level. Have we seen any improvements? I'm just wondering, is the HomeTeam segment profitability is actually on par or in line with the residential segment as a whole?
Eddie Northen: Yes, Joan, I'm not sure there's a -- I don't know if we can have a direct correlation with residential and home. HomeTeam's profitability continues to move forward. You know, Gary talked a little bit about the builder side. So we have the consumer side that's continuing to grow. The new activations increased 21% year-over-year. So when we take that growth and now we have improved and enhanced profitability and growth from the revenue side with the builders, HomeTeam continues to perform really well.
Gary Rollins: And we're continuing to benefit from some of the reorganization that we had at mid-year --
Eddie Northen: That's right.
Gary Rollins: Where we had some consolidation and improved the efficiency of our field operation.
Joan Tong: Okay. And then finally, can you update on your M&A pipeline? Going forward is that being more like domestic focused, or you are still maybe like you're trying to add on to your Australian platform that you have mentioned in the past as one of the very attractive area? But given the local economy there, with the oil prices coming down, and it's not exactly -- maybe the right time to put more resources in that space? Maybe your M&A efforts would be more refocused back to the domestic market? Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Yes, Joan, I don't know that we're necessarily focused in one area or another. I think we are looking for the best opportunity wherever it is, and I don't think we would be taking anybody out of the pipeline as far as any of the countries that we are in. You know, if there's a good opportunity in Canada, we would take a look at that. We want to continue to find ways to build out our network in Australia. If there was a right opportunity, we would want to do that. And, of course, as we've talked about on previous calls, there are many, many opportunities obviously here in the US that we'll continue to look at. So we're just, were looking for the right company at the right price. Unfortunately for us, some of our competitors are paying dollars that are way above market rates, and we want to continue to be involved with opportunities. But I think we're going to make sure that we stay logical as far as what we are willing to pay and continue to grow in that manner. That's one of the great things about being here is Gary and group have such a great history as far as seeing how this overall market will react and just making sure that we are paying the right amounts, so that we can make sure that we are either accretive or we are able to improve in a short-term with any sort of acquisition.
Joan Tong: Okay. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go back to Dan Dolev with Jefferies.
Dan Dolev: Thanks. Two more questions. You mentioned that you're not seeing your competitors so much or your big competitors are more seeing the local guys. But one of your -- basically your biggest competitor is making a big push into one-off services. Do you offer the same thing? Are you pushing it? If yes, why, and if not, I guess why not?
Eddie Northen: Dan, we're really about the recurring revenue. You know, lots of people have asked me when I've been out recently about statements that our competitors have made on the one-off revenues. And it's nothing that we would turn away from, and if it's the right one-time revenue, we're going to still go ahead and be a part of that. But that's not something that we are out trying to chase. I mean, 80% recurring revenue, that's part of the success of this model for the long-term. When you keep the customers happy, they continue to come back. They don't leave. And we are able to keep the revenue stream moving forward. So, we would not turn away from an opportunity but one time, and it's not something we are out seeking. We are out seeking customers to be able to get them in for the long term.
Dan Dolev: Got it. And then one last question; in your remarks, Eddie, you mentioned the three things that you're looking forward to your CFO vision, so to say, one of them was the opportunity to improve routing and scheduling. I know when you guys are talking usually about 200 to 300 basis point improvement from the BOSS system, are you seeing things incremental or an incremental opportunity to improve margins beyond the BOSS system based on your experience at UPS?
Eddie Northen: I think it's probably too soon to say what it would look like. You know, my intuition would be that there's probably something else is there; I just don't know what else that that would look like at this point. I had a chance to spend, as you know, a lot of time in the operations, had a chance to work with some folks and try to understand a little bit more about what we see right now as far as routing is concerned. But I think getting more involved with that is going to help me to be able to answer that question better in the coming quarters. But BOSS in the short term is going to help us incrementally. Then we will just have to see from there what opportunities, if any, we're going to have after that.
Gary Rollins: One thing that makes it very difficult at this stage because we don't have, I think we have maybe a third of our branches or 40% of our branches on, is the impact of employee turnover, the impact of customer retention, fleet expense. There's just a number of variables. And, you know, I don't think Einstein could figure out really, when you took all those individual components, to exactly what the outcome is going to be. But the more we do, the more mature these branches are that we've got on BOSS, the better sense that we're going to have as far as what the payback is going to be.
Dan Dolev: Understood. Very helpful. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Thanks Dan.
Operator: It looks like we have no further questions at this time. So I'm going to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate it, and Eddie and I look forward to next quarter, and we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. Thanks again.
Operator: And that does conclude today's call. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - Investor Relations Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Harry Cynkus - SVP, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Eddie Northen - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Dan Dolev - Jefferies Joan Tong - Sidoti Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jamie Clement - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Rollin’s Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to introduce your host for today's call Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode 6386676. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and newly elected Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Eddie Northen. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2015 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. Before I delve into our first quarter results, I wanted to take a moment and thank Harry for his 17 years of service to Rollins as our CFO. As most of you know, he will be retiring from our company on May 1. Harry’s leadership, talent, and dedication played a major role in the growth and success of Rollins. We will miss him greatly and wish him and his family all the best in retirement. Be assured, however, I am not going to let him stray too far. I would also like to take this opportunity to welcome Eddie Northen to our company. We are extremely pleased to have him join Rollins as our new CFO. Eddie comes to us from UPS and brings, not only a wealth of financial experience, strong international exposure, but also a great background in routing and supply-chain management. These areas are extremely important to us as we continue to grow our company. Eddie, please tell everyone a little bit more about yourself.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Gary. I want to also thank Harry for his leadership and support during my transition period. Filling Harry’s shoes will be quite the task, but the transition period that Gary has allowed and Harry has taken with me definitely has me ready to take the next step. I had the opportunity to spend time with a number of Rollins team members in Atlanta and in the field, as well as meet with numerous investors. This exposure has made me feel even more privileged to be a part of this exceptional company. During my 30 years at UPS, I was extremely fortunate to gain invaluable operational and finance experience. Early in my career, I worked on the frontline and drove a package car. This time enabled me to learn the business from the ground up and help me to prepare me for the future opportunities in front of me. After spending time in internal audit and several director of finance roles around the U.S., our family moved to Hong Kong in 2006 where I was the CFO of Asia-Pacific region. A few years later, I returned back to the States, where I held a similar role as Vice President of Finance of the West region. Most recently, I was Vice President of Finance of the Global Business Service Group based here in Atlanta. I believe the fact that UPS and Rollins are both route based businesses with very similar cultures will help me with the transition into my new job and enable me to focus as Harry has on the long-term financial strength of Rollins. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Eddie. While winter continued its roll through part of the quarter, particularly in the Northeast, however, this year for much of the quarter we were blessed with warmer weather in most other parts of the country. New customer demand increase coupled with our strong recurring revenue resulted in our generating both record revenue and profit for the quarter. Revenues grew 5.6% to approximately $331 million, compared to $313 million in the prior year’s first quarter. Net income increased 17.5% to over $30 million with EPS of $0.14 per diluted share, compared to $25.8 million or $0.12 per diluted share for the first quarter of last year. All of our business lines experienced good growth with residential pest control up 6.2%, commercial pest control grew 4.2%, and termite was up 8% for the quarter. Harry will provide greater detail on the contributions from acquisitions and the negative currency impact as well. Leads, lead closure, and prices were all up. Momentum in leads that we saw last year carried through the first quarter and finished especially strong in March. Typically, a strong March is followed by a weak April. At this point, we are seeing a contradiction and we could enjoy a strong March and April. As many of you might recall, during the first quarter of each year, we conduct test to determine where customer pricing opportunities exists. This year’s testing again shows that our service rates remain inelastic. We believe that this is the result of our strong brand preference and the delivery of value that we provide to our residential and commercial customers. This past quarter, we executed on some strategic initiatives to help ensure our ongoing growth in profitability. Let me highlight just a few of these initiatives. Employee training has been and will continue to be extremely important to our company. To that end, we recently hired a new Director of Training, John Torres, to help us further advance Rollins’ award-winning training programs. By way of background, John brings over 25 years of experience in creating and implementing learning initiatives that drive positive business results. Almost every company does train, but many don’t measure the effectiveness of the training. And one of John’s objectives is to help us improve the tracking and measuring of our training results. We believe that this will lead to better outcomes and help to ensure that we remain a national leader with our training programs. Another training initiative is a new hands-on training that our call center agents are receiving at the Rollins training center here in Atlanta where they experience training in our model home. The company’s sales and service agent teams nearly doubled in the busy part of the pest control season to meet the seasonal business demand. We want to ensure that these new employees are well trained and are able to address our prospects, questions, and requirements. They spend the day at the center where the agents can see firsthand how technicians interact with new customers and observe the treatments that they provide during a pest control initial start, that’s the customers first service. When they leave, their ability to paint a picture for our prospects of what a technician does provides confidence and builds value in our services. As many of you are aware, we host a leadership meeting in January of each year with our top management that comes from all over North America. During this meeting, we explain and set the stage for our key programs and initiatives for the year. This year’s main theme was focused on hiring the right people. Every manager in our company recognizes first and foremost that our business is a people’s business and it requires great employees to meet our customers’ expectations. As the customers’ needs and anticipations continue to increase, it is more important now than ever that we have the right person in the right job. We’ve concluded that it’s not the what, but the who that matters; and one of things that we’re doing in refining our recruiting and interview methodology. We are improving our processes to better identify and hire the right people. Our training in this area is really catching all throughout the company and is being driven down into the different brands and divisions. As Rollins President and COO, John Wilson put it, if we do a great job in selecting the who, the what would be much easier.  We are continuing to successfully rollout our CRM system or what we refer to as BOSS; branch operations support system and we now have a 118 Orkin branches converted. It’s important to note that even as we bring additional Orkin branches online, we’re also taking steps to make technology improvements to other brands in order to improve their customer service and profitability. One such example is at TruTech where they are now in the process of having a technician use tablets for all their work order processing. Additionally, they are able to handle checks and credit card payments on their tablets.  In March, we turned on the switch in the converted branches for the BOSS automated work order processing feature. We’re currently in test and the results thus far are very promising. In the old system, the technician at the end of the day would bring his or her work tickets back to the branch where they had to be keyed into the system and reviewed by an Ad man. Depending on the volume this process could take days. What we discovered with our new automation was that less than 1% of the work orders actually needed human intervention. In test, the average processing time for new work order completion on the iPhone can be done in 18.5 minutes, versus the manual paper handling that could take two days to get service posted to a customer’s account. We now freed up approximately two hours of an Ad man’s time each day, which allows him or her to take on additional value-added projects such as collections and customer schedule. We have other initiatives centered around BOSS, which we are working on and Eddie and I will provide you further updates as they roll out. These initiatives include further improvement of our routing capabilities and a management dash board, which will allow the service manager to track the progress of technicians throughout the day. I think this gives you a snap shot of several improvements that are provided by BOSS. This is a work in progress and going forward we will continue to add more platforms and routines. Like most computer systems it doesn’t all come day one. BOSS would help us improve our productivity, our margins and most important our customer experience. Growing our business through acquisitions is also an ongoing company goal. We recently enhanced our wildlife line of business with the acquisition of credit control that franchisor of the nation’s leading wild life control company. This has indirectly made us the largest wild life control company in the country. For those of you who aren’t familiar with this business, these services include trapping and removal of wild life, exclusion of wild life from residences and other buildings and the repair and remediation of damages caused by wild life. Top test includes squirrels, raccoons, bats, birds, and snakes. The market in the U.S. for residential and commercial wild life control is approximately $300 million and we believe that there is a tremendous opportunity to grow this business and capitalize on the industry’s leading brand. We are off to a good start for the year and excited about all the opportunities that we have to continue the growth in improvement of our company. I’ll now turn the call over to Harry.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you Gary for those kind words. It’s hard to believe that 17 years have gone by since I joined Rollins. I’ve been thinking about that next chapter in my life for some time. I was told that long time ago that the best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does. Anyways, I’m reminded of the Vince Lombardi quote, “The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.” And believe me it’s hard to leave such a great company with such great people. However, I am confident that I am leaving it in good hands with the future as bright as ever. Let’s get to the numbers, I’m sure no one dialed in today to hear me wax poetic and in fact I hope everyone has forgotten that one call with my poetry. Eddie, I wouldn’t recommend trying poetry here.  Looking at the numbers, the company reported first quarter revenues of $330.9 million, an increase of 5.6% over the prior year's first quarter’s revenue of $313.4 million. We experienced that growth across all of our family of brands as measured in constant currency. We will talk more about that in a minute.  Net income increased an impressive 17.5% to $30.3 million, compared to $25.8 million with EPS, up 16.7% to $0.14 versus $0.12 per diluted share last year in the first quarter, a good start to the New Year. Having grown up in the Northeast I’ve had to learn to speak a little more slowly, as I’ve migrated down South. And then when it comes to explaining our revenue between the impact of currency, acquisitions and with and without fumigation it’s important to go slowly. On the surface, revenue is up 5.6%, good growth among all brands and all service lines. Residential pest control is up 6.2%, commercial pest control up 4.2% and termite up 8%. With operations in Canada and Australia, the strong dollar was not our friend. With the loonie down nearly 12% from last year and the Australian dollar down more 14% in total it caused us nearly nine-tenths of a percent i.e. 90 basis points on growth. On the other hand, the more significant acquisitions we made over the last year AllPest that we lapped in mid-February, Statewide, PermaTreat and our most recent acquisition Critter Control contributed 1.9%. Put that all together and it means our business, excluding currency, excluding acquisition, grew 4.6% versus 4.2% in Q4. Residential pest control business, which represents 40% of our revenue continues to build momentum. For the quarter, it grew 6.2%, ex-acquisition 5.2%, termite which makes up 17% was up 8%, excluding acquisition 4.8%; and commercial pest control 42% of the revenue was up 4.2%, excluding acquisition 2.5%. We’re pleased with the growth we are showing for residential pest control and termite. Commercial was heavily impacted by the weak Canadian and Australian dollar as most of our business in these countries is commercial. If you just look at our domestic commercial business, excluding acquisitions it grew 4.4%, which does include a 40 basis point lift from fumigation. Fumigation had its best growth quarter in sometime, up 12.9%. As we have previously stressed, it is especially important for us to add recurring residential pest control customers to our customer base. Be it good fortune, better weather or just great marketing, we saw strong lead growth, improved closure percent and average price, which enabled Orkin to achieve significant growth in sales in a quarter not always known for its robustness. Last year, we reported that we have nearly 4000 less calls in the first quarter. This year calls were up 20,000 and it’s encouraging to see the trends continue into April. Residential pest control isn’t quite like other consumer businesses. I read the other week in The Wall Street Journal that retailer sales rose in March, but U.S. consumer showed signs of continued caution. Well thankfully not when it comes to buying pest control. I love repeating Gary’s quote that rats and roaches don’t read The Wall Street Journal.  With insects being the public’s third greatest fear and the ever increasing concern over health and safety, the phone has been ringing. We can see the same degree of strong consumer response when it came to termite with a modest increase in leads, some price improvement realization, we had a respectable first quarter growth. HomeTeam’s increase in new home pretreat certainly was a good help. Speaking of HomeTeam, they came out of the gate fast this year and as I said before we’re trying to figure out HomeTeam, don’t waste a lot of time looking at the national statistics on new home starts or sales, as the national picture doesn’t represent well the 50 markets they are in or the tail of installs versus turnouts. Their tax build in pest control defense systems installed in new homes was up 7.5% for the quarter, termite pretreat work was up 8.1% and we saw the largest month over previous month increase in sometime for new customer capture, customers activating systems that were installed when the house was under construction. When it comes to revenue, the last thing worth mentioning is bed box. The first quarter is not typically the big quarter for growth in this service. The last couple of years it has been only 15% to 16%. However, this year, we saw the largest first quarter dollar growth since we’ve been tracking it the year-to-year changes in 2011, up over 25% increase to $14.6 million. Sadly for our listeners, the residential bed bug business grew 33%. Unfortunately, bed bugs are good hitchhikers and people are taking them home with them when they travel. As I said before, bed bugs do not make good tats. One of the shareholders gave me a good lead on some reading material now that I’ll have more time. It’s the number one Amazon best seller in the entomology category, it’s called Infested by Brooke Borel and I’ve read that it’s a fun wild rock through the wildly world of bed bugs. I don’t want to give too much of the book away, but I’ve been told that it’s a real page turner. Gross margin for the quarter improved to 49.2% for the first quarter versus 48.5% in the prior year. The quarter benefitted from improved service, administrative salaries with lower fleet cost due to the drop in fuel while maintaining good cost controls across most spending categories. Depreciation and amortization expense for the first quarter increased 567,000 totaling 10.8 million, depreciation was 4.6 million, increasing 1.2 million, a million of the increase related to our new Boss system. Amortization of intangibles was 6.2 million, which decreased nearly 700,000 as some of the older, eight to 10 years older acquisitions have become fully amortized. For the full year, amortization of intangibles typically from the value assigned to acquired customer contracts will represent a significant after tax non-cash charge of approximately $0.07 to $0.08 this year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased 4.7 million or 4.7% to 31.9% of revenues decreasing from 32.1% from the first quarter last year. The decrease in margin percent is due to being able to leverage our administrative salaries and other cost keeping them relatively flat to last year despite the increase in revenues. The margin improvement was partially offset by the $1.2 million in this year’s higher cost related to the CRM system implementation as well as higher sales salaries and professional fees related to procurement and acquisitions. Income before income taxes was up 12.7% in the quarter. We caught a break on the tax rate this quarter which could drop to 35% having identified some discrete items which unfortunately won’t repeat. We expect the tax rate to return to potentially 38% next quarter. As a result, our net income was up 17.5% for the first quarter. I think that qualifies as Gary said, a good start to the New Year. Our balance sheet remained strong, no surprise there. We continue to look for more opportunities to reinvest in our business. This quarter, we spent nearly $30 million on acquisitions and $8 million on CapEx. To our bankers [indiscernible] we won’t run out of cash any time soon ending the quarter with $93 million in cash and no debt.  One interesting facet of the business that I enjoy pointing out is that we continue to have more customers prepay us for services over $100 million recognized currently on our balance sheet as unknown revenue than those who all was for current services 85.4 million in trade and finance receivables which we believe the new Boss system will help us reduce. What a great business model we have? Before I turn the call back to Gary, let me express our appreciation and thank you to all our associates and others whose hard work and dedication is getting us off to a good start in 2015. It is with bittersweet emotions that I leave to begin my retirement. I am excited about what the future offers and enjoying the rewards of a very long career, but I am sad to say good-bye to so many great people I’ve had the opportunity to work with here at Rollins. It is through their combined efforts that Rollin is great and I will miss them all. Likewise, I will miss the people that I’ve gotten to know in the investment community. Thanks for all you do and the positive impact you’ve had on me and my career.  With that, I’ll now turn the call back to you, Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Dan Dolev at Jefferies.
Dan Dolev: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I actually have two question, actually one for Eddie and then I have a question on the operational side. So, my question for Eddie is, you’ve been with the company now for a few months, you’ve travelled around both internal Rollins branches and you’ve been, I’m sure you’ve seen every aspect of the company. What are the things that you’ve seen that you think – where do you see the most opportunity actually improving going forward from what you’ve seen thus far?
Eddie Northen: Yeah, Dan. Thanks. You mentioned having time to spend learning different parts of the business. Gary has been very supportive with allowing me to spend about a month in the operations – learning the different operations. And I think what I’ve tried to do from that perspective is kind of take what I brought with me from UPS and really kind of look at it through those lens. As I was visiting the operations, one of the things that I saw was really the depth of the management that we have there and how strong they are from a P&L perspective, and I think that’s something that we can really continue to use as we move forward. I think that routing and scheduling continues to be an opportunity for us and Gary mentioned that when he was talking about the Boss. So I think that we’re going to be able to kind of bring those two pieces together and in fact I have some follow-up meetings with the operations over the coming months and that’s really where I want to try to spend some time and energy there is to see what and how we might be able to help from that perspective.
Dan Dolev: Got it. Thank you very much. And my other question was in the operational side for you or Harry or Gary. You mentioned Gary that the first – that you had warmer weather, April was good, March was good and clearly you’ve had - the weather hadn’t been that big of an impact, but if I think about sort of the organic growth acceleration ex-M&A, ex-FX of 4.6 versus 4.2 in Q4. I can’t tell, but I think it’s not as impressive as I would have wanted it to be given that the compares – organic compares are so much easier. So was there – is there something that I’m missing or is this just a start of an accelerating year? How should we think about that? Thanks.
Gary Rollins: Well, while the weather wasn’t as difficult, I would point out it doesn’t matter how – unless you have record highs in January and February, you are just not adding a lot of customers during that timeframe. So while – I think we are more impressed than you are that we did grow in the first quarter. And like I said, it’s really the strong March that gets it going. But we will get as many leads in June as we get in probably January, February, March, combined. So, again, it’s just – you have a big base of customers and trying to get that number accelerated takes a lot of new customers. And I think the exciting number was there were 24,000 more calls this year than last year. Now, all those calls don’t turn into customers, but it gives you a good shot at them.
Dan Dolev: Got it. Okay. Well, thank you very much and, again, congrats to Eddie and a lot of warm regards to Harry as well in your retirement. Thank you.
Harry Cynkus: Thanks, Dan.
Eddie Northen: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joan Tong at Sidoti.
Joan Tong: Good morning, guys. How are you doing?
Gary Rollins: Good, wonderful.
Harry Cynkus: Good. Thank you.
Eddie Northen: Good. How are you Joan?
Joan Tong: Good, good. I have a couple of questions here. First off, regarding the new CRM system. Thanks for all the color in terms of all the new features that’s supposed to come on in the future, it’s really good to hear that. There is more specific that we can talk about and discuss going forward. And I understand that like you know all these stuff is good, but in terms of how you can incentivize people to use the features and use all these good stuff in the new CRM system, can you just talk about like how you are going to do that and approach that in terms of making sure your technicians, your managers, are all using the CRM system in the right way?
Gary Rollins: I think simply that it makes our job easier. I mean we’ve had new programs and processes in the past where we really did have to spend a lot of time following up and making sure that they were being utilized. But in this case, the branches love the system. And although, we don’t have our routing and scheduling put in, but even beyond that it’s just a lot more flexible, it’s just a better operating system. So I think that we are blessed that they’re going to – they are going to enjoy, the ones that are on it, enjoy it. Never had we had even when the thing was very immature did we ever have a branch that says please take this thing out and just give me what I used to have. So they are very positive. And Eddie, you might share what you saw on your [indiscernible]?
Eddie Northen: Yeah, Joan, when I was out for the month, I rode with probably more than a dozen technicians during the time and I have to tell you that ones that we are on the Boss system, they were excited to share with me what the capabilities were. I mean making it easier for their interface with the customer, making it easier for them to schedule what it is that they are going to do for their customer if they need to make changes or adjustments. And I don’t really know a lot about the former system, but for technicians as they are trying to teach me about the business and this was something that they wanted to share with me, to me that tells me that they were adopting it very well.
Joan Tong: Very good.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah, and I just want to say, I think you are going to find like on any curve, you’re going to see 20% of the people taking to it being your power users and we’ve identified the bottom 20% who are struggling and in fact what we’re doing is in the way, when I say struggling, it could be a misnomer. But what we do is we are measuring the number of calls to the helpline for people who are having problems and call the helpline. So the branches that are calling more frequently, i.e. have left more questions about it, we are sending some of the trainers back to those branches to help them overcome the pieces they don’t know. So, part of it is going to be continued training. And we can measure and that’s one of the things we are doing is if they don’t understand, they are calling. And so, we know who we need to go out and help. And then, I think, ultimately, we will find ways to disseminate what the power users are doing and whether we use the trainers to take that to the other branches, best practice. As both Gary and Eddie have said, there is tremendous excitement in the field. It’s making their job easier. They have a cool iPhone and they are more than happy to get rid of what I started referring to as our turn-of-the-century old CRM system.
Joan Tong: That’s very good. Thank you for the update. And then on the international side, you guys seem like, I just want to get an update on your view in terms of expanding internationally, is Australia still going to be an area that you’re going to focus on because I believe in the past you mentioned that area can be a State, if not bigger than your Canadian division and also maybe Eddie talk about your, how your international experience would help Rollins maybe over the longer term to maybe even accelerate the international expansion strategy there?
Gary Rollins : Yeah we continue to be excited by Australia; I think we realize to be successful there. We have to follow the same model that we did in Canada and that’s to be in all major cities. We’re not there yet today, we continue to explore opportunities there, but we’re patient. We will find the right companies with the right culture and we will build out right network continue in Australia. 
Eddie Northen : Yeah, Joan. I’ve had a chance to spend some time with Tom who is in charge of our international operation in fact I’m going to be attending the international franchise maybe that they have their annual meeting. So, I’m going to get a chance to learn about where we are right now, what is working for us right now and then also talk about that as we’re moving forward in time. So, I’m really kind of going through the learning curve of that, but Tom and I had some good conversations, but I think that right now the focus is in the areas where we know we have opportunities and of course that being Australia’s as we’ve already talked about. 
Joan Tong: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gary Rollins : Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Joe Box at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean Egan: Hey good morning everyone. This is Sean Egan on for Joe Box. 
Gary Rollins : Good morning.
Sean Egan: Good morning. I was hoping to dig in a little bit to the gross margin expansion and I was hoping you could maybe either quantify or place an order of magnitude kind of what that fuel savings benefit was and within that fuel savings benefit what was attributed to fuel price declines versus any route optimisation efficiencies that you had?
Gary Rollins : I wish I could answer that question there, I could measure my route operation efficiencies that closely. In fact I know I drove more miles this first quarter, but I have lot more customers than I had last year this time and so I can’t break it down that finally. I don’t know approximately that fuel savings which isn’t all CSP, some of it is reflected in SG&A rents, I think it was like around $2.3 million that’s what we estimate the savings in fuel was and pretty much offsetting that was the increased cost due to the BOSS implementation and depreciation, which came in about $2.2 million. So, those two pretty much offset each other in the Q1. 
Sean Egan: Okay great and then carrying on with the depreciation comment you made, I guess we kind of expected it to be higher than it came given the CRM implementation, so should we expect a similar level that we saw this quarter heading forward or do you expect that to bump up as you continue to rollout this system?
Gary Rollins : We certainly haven’t finished spending money on the CRM system, so it will be some additional, but I think it will be a slow creep as supposed to large bump at this point. 
Sean Egan: Okay. Got you, thank you. 
Gary Rollins : Thank you.
Sean Egan: And then can you just talk about a little bit as to what you think is driving that increased momentum in the residential line, is it simply a function of better tools for the technicians to close leads, any color there on what’s driving that?
Gary Rollins : Training, we spend a lot of time on closure, just a little bit about what we are doing to pair for the surge in our call center, so we really think that we’ve got some more upside as far as closure is concerned. Our marketing people say it’s all them, but I’m not buying that. I think it’s just a combination of things, I mean our service sales are up, which is important. We are just kind of attacking the thing from various points and so far it’s starting to pay off for us. 
Sean Egan: And finally, last item here on the commercial line of business domestically, can you comment on any potential weather impacts that you saw during the period and any kind of ramp through the quarter?
Gary Rollins : Product commercial business would be the least impacted by weather. if you are restaurants, your doors are open and the pest control company is visiting you, so I wouldn’t, I don’t think weather really had any impact on the commercial business, it certainly would impact the termite, it’s kind of hard to – your termites aren’t going to swarm under 3 feet of snow and pest control you are waiting for the weather to get warmer. While in general the weather was better overall, but the northeast was – I was up in Washington D.C. this weekend and see it went down to 38 degrees one night, wondering when spring was come in. So some possible exactly to measure weather and I think I’ve said a number of items, it really affects us on the fringe of the business. Once you’re going to get warm in the spring and once it get cold in the winter and then in between its case of our – us executing our business plans.
Sean Egan: Alright, great. That’s all from me. Thanks guys.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take the next question from Jamie Clement at Macquarie.
Jamie Clement: Good morning, gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie Clement: I was wondering, Harry, I think or Gary, I’m not sure with one of you used in your prepared remarks. You had some numbers around folks who turned on the tax systems and the numbers added pretty strong. So I was wondering if you could give those again and also can you give a little bit of color in terms of what your impression is as to why you saw the increase? Is this the way you marketed to them? Is this just sort of natural timing based on what you’ve seen over the last four or six quarters or so? I am just curious for your thoughts.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah. The tax new customers were up nearly – it was up 6% over last year with really strong March month. I think last year actually I think we were a little disappointed with the capture. We had done some reorganization on the sales team and we did ourselves a little to service, and might have understaffed, didn’t properly staff the sales effort last year. So I think some of that – weather was better in some of the Florida and Texas markets. This year it could be the sales team’s efforts, it could be – so people who delayed the Boss system with last year and delayed purchase for a year, but all of a sudden they are seeing they got issues probably. The nice thing about those tax systems is, when a customer wants to take care of this insect issue and he has got that system built in, there is only one company that can service it. So I think it’s – where open it’s pent up demand and execution.
Jamie Clement: Very good. Very good.
Gary Rollins: I think I could summarize that. I think it was and Gary touched on the moving parts, but just more effort. We were disappointed last year the HomeTeam people were disappointed and I think that they have an aggressive plan this year and they just – they’ve been attacking this thing everywhere that they know. And the results are showing it that they are successful with it.
Jamie Clement: Can you remind us how many homes are out there with the system that have not been turned on yet approximately?
Gary Rollins: I think inception to date and sooner I give you a number, I am no longer going to be wrong but 800,000 of these systems have been installed and there is probably close to 250,000 to 350,000 active customers that could be off on those numbers. Do you think all they need to retire?
Jamie Clement: Gary, [indiscernible].
Gary Rollins: I’ll get to some better numbers.
Jamie Clement: Terrific. And Harry, you will be very much missed. Congratulations.
Harry Cynkus: Well, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
Gary Rollins: Okay. I guess that’s it. We’d like to thank you for joining us today, and Eddie and I look forward to the next quarter and we’ll continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilynn Meek - IR Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and CEO Harry Cynkus – SVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Dan Dolev - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Rollin's Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I’d now like to introduce to your host for today's call Ms. Marilynn Meek. Ms. Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure that you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode 8203851. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you Marilynn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings indicating the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re very pleased to have achieved record revenues and profit for both our fourth quarter and the full year 2014. This marks our 17th consecutive year of increasing revenues and operating profit. For the quarter revenue grew 5.9% to approximately 344 million compared to almost 325 million in the last year's fourth quarter. Net income increased 7% to approximately 30 million with EPS of $0.21 per diluted share compared to 28 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2013. All of our business lines experienced good growth during the quarter with residential pest control up 5.5%, commercial pest control grew 6.5% and termite grew 7.4%. We’re also pleased to have achieved margin improvement across our U.S. family of brands which include Orkin, HomeTeam, Western Pest Control, IFC, Trutech, Waltham and Crane. Revenues for the full year rose 5.5% over 1.4 billion compared to revenues of approximately 1.3 billion for 2013 and income grew at 11.9% to a 136.7 million compared to net income of a 123.3 million for the same period last year. Our bed bug business ended the year at a record high having grown 18% to nearly 64 million for the full year. Even as national bed bug media attention has lessen this pest continues to be a growing threat wherever people congregate, theaters, hotels, airplanes, schools, hospitals, retirements, apartment complexes, residents and so on. Bed bugs are quite [inaudible]. We believe that this ancillary service will continue to contribute to our growth for some time. We also increased demand for our mosquito service which continues to be an important contributor to our ancillary service segment. As we have discussed in the past, ancillary business is very important to us as it provides us the opportunity to introduce our other residential and commercial pest control services to those home owners and businesses who had not been a customer. I will be remised if I didn’t recognize that what we accomplished in 2014 as a result of the contributions that our 11,000 employees make every day. They are responsible for executing our programs while enabling us to achieve continuous improvement in all that we do. This commitment was reflected in our attaining customer satisfaction, improvement across all brands. As I’ve shared, we track this area by our net promoter scores which once again improved overall. These climbing scores were an indication of the success we’re having in meeting and often exceeding our customers' expectations. It's not enough to just gain new customers but we must work equally hard to have long term relationships with. As I mentioned on our last call, our analytics has identified several opportunities to help improve customer retention. We’re market testing these this year which should help ensure that 2015 will be another year of both improving customer satisfaction as well as retention. Employee retention is equally important to us, one of the most important components of customer loyalty is the relationship that they have with the technician who services their home or business. These men and women are the face of Rollins to our customers. We take this relationship very seriously. Our tech's [ph] continue to benefit from our industry leading training which enables them to perform their service task more efficiently and effectively. 2014 was a positive year for acquisitions as we invested approximately 80 million in cash or stock. Our three largest acquisition were Allpest and Statewide both in Australia and PermaTreat based in Northern Virginia. The outlook for additional acquisitions this year is good as many owners are concerned about the long term impact of Obama Care and the growing importance of one having a strong internet presence which by the way is very difficult for the smaller companies to achieve. Given these factors we believe that a number of companies will be looking to sell their business in the future. To take advantage of this situation we’re increasing our prospecting activities. We’re very successful in 2014 and growing our international franchise network which end of the year stood at 37 having added a record 14 franchises worldwide last year. These new franchises are spread across Latin and South America, the Middle-East, the Caribbean and Asia and all will be benefiting from the world's number one brand in pest control Orkin. We’re confident that we will continue to add to this growing list of locations this year. In fact this month we added India, headquartered in Bangalore as well as three other cities. We’re very aware of the sacrifices of the men and women of the armed services make on our behalf. Last year we have [inaudible] engaged along with others by participating in the Joining Forces Initiative. This initiative is directed to help our returning service people find jobs as they move forward with our civil lives. Facilitating this effort are the Orkin, HomeTeam and western career websites [ph]. Each of these brands has a separate internet page dedicated to recruiting veterans. This medium allows the candidate easy access and applying for jobs within different physician categories including service, sales and management. We’re also supporting reservist and military spouses through our partnerships with employers and Support of Guard and Reserve and the military spouse employment partnership. All of these endeavors benefit our service men and women while improving the makeup of our employee teams. We have a goal to hire over a 1000 of these veterans over the next few years. To-date we’re more than half way there as we have hired and integrated into the company 546 individuals. Let me give you a quick update on HomeTeam, this past year they installed 87,000 tubes in the wall of 5.5% over the previous year and in-line with our expectations. We have established a call center in Raleigh, North Carolina to assist our branches where there are activation objectives. With the economy improving we’re optimistic that both installs and activations by new customers will improve in 2015. Let me wrap up by noting that we’re on target with our plan to roll out our new CRM branch operating system and now have 74 branches on the system. We’re particularly satisfied with how this roll out has gone and the following improvement in productivity and other business metrics. We’re continuing with our next round of roll-outs. For the first quarter we’re targeting 35 locations but like any change of this magnitude we have plenty of work ahead. We enter 2015 as we do each New Year grateful for what we have achieved and excited about our plans for the upcoming year. Rollins is blessed to be in a business that has a never ending supply of opportunities protecting people's health and property as a noble and financially beneficial mission. We remain thankful for our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders all of which have an essential role in what we do and what we achieve. We look forward to sharing our progress with you in the first quarter and I will now turn the call over to Harry.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Good day mates and thank you all for joining us on the call. I'm still reminded of your 2014 Australian acquisition that we’re most proud of. One never gets tired of putting another record year in the books and it now makes it to 35th consecutive quarter of improved earnings results. I don’t think Oscar Wilde was thinking of us when he said, consistency is the hallmark of the unimaginative. It's more like what Roger Staubach said, in any team sport the best teams have consistency and chemistry. It's through the combined efforts of all our team members that have pulled together, working together that has allowed us to consistently perform, growing our business and improving profitability. Let's talk about the quarter's performance. Today we reported revenues of 344 million representing 5.9% revenue growth, income before income taxes rose 13% but due to a less favorable income tax rate in 2014 net income increased 7% to 29.9 million or $0.21 per diluted share compared to 28 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the same period in 2013. If Congress ever passes corporate tax reform reducing the effective tax rate by closing loop-holes there will be winners and losers, Rollins will be on the winning side of that ledger, there being very few tax breaks that we get to take advantage of. One can only dream. Year-to-date revenues 1.412 billion, a 5.5% increase. Net income for the full year has increased 11.6% another year of growing of net income at 10% or better to a 137.7 million or $0.94 per diluted share with EBITDA coming in at 263 million. I'm sure many of you saw the headlines, 2014 breaks heat record challenging global warming skeptics. I read that and my heart sank. I always thought global warming was going to be good for the pest control business, well, if you want to look at the pretty multi-colored heat map included, much of the U.S. was actually cooler with the exception of the far western U.S. last year with pretty much only the pacific regions experiencing any significant above average temperature. Interestingly that was the area of the country that we saw the best growth in demand, bottom-line global warming should help pest control however not this year. Last quarter we talked about the great September and the positive pest control lead growth trending continuing into October. Well turns out we saw positive growth in demand for both residential and commercial throughout the quarter and continuing right now into January. Fundamentals that drive our revenue leads, pricing closure all remain strong and improved in the quarter. Let's get deeper into the results, this quarter we have seen 5.9% revenue growth among all brands and all service lines. We saw good growth in our commercial pest control business with revenues up 5.9%. Residential pest control was up 5.5%, while our termite service line was up 7.4%, favorably impacted by our recent acquisitions including Allpest, Statewide and PermaTreat. Acquisitions accounted for approximately 2.4% of our overall growth. Our Canadian operation which does around 7% of our company's revenue had good organic growth, however their weakening currency impacted our growth this quarter costing us 6/10ths of 1%. With last week's rate cut by the Bank of Canada, the Canadian dollar dropped to I think it was another nickel to $0.81, the lowest level in nearly six years. If that continues at that rate it could dent our growth 7/10ths of a percent next year. We love the business in Canada, Orkin, Canada has been a great contributor to our growth and profitability over the years and the stronger U.S. dollar just makes for an even better case to reinvest in Canada. Once we start running against last year's number in Q1, Australia will have some additional drag but it's a much smaller piece of our business today. Let's look at the service lines that make up our business, commercial pest control which makes up 42% of our business was up 5.9%, 6.5% excluding fumigation. We saw strong growth and performance from our national account sales team, a good way to close out the year. Thanks guys and gals. The impact of the currency exchange was reflected almost exclusively in our commercial business as most of Canada's business is commercial. Domestically excluding acquisition and exchange variation, commercial was up 4.8%. Our residential pest control continues to shine growing 5.5% for the quarter representing 41% of our business. The beauty of our business model is recurring revenue. Our business with a strong recurring revenue has been compared to a subscription business that doesn’t have an expiration date. When you add the growth in our customer base last year and continuing in elasticity, it gives us comfort heading into 2015. Gary has already touched on improving customer satisfaction scores which translated into improved retention rates for our commercial business. In fact retention may have been the best ever for the quarter and year overall, but it then translate as well into our residential pest control which was off a tad. In accounting lingo, a tad is not much. But it didn’t improve so we’re not satisfied. Actually we’re little puzzled by it and breaking it down by the short, mid and long term customers to gain some insights and make sure we’re taking the right steps to see it improve next year. Our terminate and ancillary services grew 7.4% and represents almost 17% of revenue, the 7.4% was certainly helped by the acquisitions, the fourth quarter is never a big selling season for termite but we grew a respectable 2.4% excluding the acquisitions. Fortunately improved closure and pricing continued to result in great sales dollars despite the decrease in demand that we experienced. Gary has already given you the numbers on bed bugs but I would like to point out to those who might have missed Orkin's press release earlier this month, we announced that Chicago heads our top 50 bed bug cities list for the third year in a row. I'm not sure what it is with Ohio but four out of the Top 10 cities are in Ohio. Do a lot of people from Ohio spend time in Chicago? Anyways many of you this on call are in New York City and you may take solace in knowing New York city fell one place to 18th. Gross margins for the quarter increased to 49.1% versus 48.5% in the prior year's fourth quarter due primarily to favorable healthcare cost and casually claim development while maintaining good cost controls across most spending categories. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased 1.4 million totaling 11.3 million, depreciation was 5.3 million, the larger piece of the depreciation amortization, continues to be the amortization of acquired customer contracts totaling $6 million for the quarter, 26.9 million for the full year. This represents a significant after tax charge of $0.12 this year. When we do pest control acquisitions, there is seldom any significant hard assets on the balance sheets and as a result most of the valuation ends up being classified as customer contracts, intangibles and other intangible assets. We currently carry a 133.5 million of such from acquisitions on our balance sheet. With additional acquisitions ongoing in the future and current amortization running approximately 27 million a year we will have more than a few more years of this expense flowing through the P&L. We see little risk and possible impairment charges. All of the businesses we have acquired have grown as we continue to write-down the value of the customer contracts recognized at the time of the acquisition while fully expensing the cost of any new customer acquisitions. While we’re on the subject of non-cash charges running through our P&L we have nearly $11 million this year in stock based compensation which represents a $0.05 of charged to earnings as well. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter increased 4.9 million or 4.6% to 32.4% revenues decreasing from 32.8% for the fourth quarter ended December 31. The decrease in margin percent is due to reductions made in administrative salaries, reflecting realignment of some of our operations and cost containment programs. These were initiated at the corporate office [ph] late last year as well as some additional expense reduction related to last year's advertising test which did not reoccur this year. We didn’t catch as many breaks in our provision for income taxes as we did last year when we enjoyed a 32.1% rate in the fourth quarter. This year we came in at a 35.7% for the quarter, 37.4% for the full year and we expect it to run around 37.7% for next year barring any other congressional actions which I won't comment further on. As consistent as we perform each quarter and every year has it's own set of challenges and opportunities. This quarter was no exception. One challenge was having to overcome the impact from the implementation of our CRM branch operating system. As Gary has already pointed out we were very pleasantly surprised that in the initial branches where it has been implemented we have seen negligible negative impact and in some branches we actually saw positive results in the first month of implementation. Keep in mind that convergence of this magnitude don’t happen without additional out of pocket initial cost to our normal operating cost. In this quarter we had to deal with higher implementation cost primarily trainers and travel along with the related depreciation expense for the first time. Combined the cost is approximately $2.5 million one full cent and a 1.7 million increase over last year's run-rate. I pointed out this quarter as these items will continue to impact us significantly next year as well. We’re investing in the future of Rollins and all of it's pest control branch. As a situation we benefited from on the other was the lower fuel prices at the end of the quarter helping us to the tune of approximately $500,000. Please note we experience a one month lag on each month's actual gas usage due to normal delays in receiving the bill and processing time. November's usage was recorded in December and in January we will see December's charges. Approximately 80% of the savings is reflected in CSP with 20% in SG&A. Let's talk briefly about 2015, next year, fuel is an obvious opportunity as we will continue to benefit from the 650,000 to 800,000 plus gallons of fuel purchased each month, so oil prices rebound. We don’t hedge so we will see the changes in fuel prices pretty much the following month which is nice when prices are falling and you’ve no expense of hedges to write-off. But there are always challenges and we will have to deal with the impact of exchange rates which we have already discussed, healthcare, how much medical inflation will we see next year. The largest challenge, that will be the implementation and roll out of our [inaudible] and branch operating system. As CFO, I must ask will it continue to perform as it has? Will there be performance or system issues as the number of branches that are online continue to expand? Have we incorporated all of the subtle differences that may exist in different parts of the country? Let's not forget the additional cost with a full roll out as we press ahead. We estimate cost could approach $12 million in 2015 increasing $6 million over this year. Gary says I worry too much and spend nap time working to make it happen. We’ve a history of investing and improving our business and this will be no different. Our guidance for next year which shouldn’t come out as a surprise, financially we can do better and we’re planning on it. As in the past we continue to build on our solid foundation, possessing a strong balance sheet and cash flows. Rollins continues to be financial strong, EBITDA reached almost 265 million, net cash provided by operating activities grew nearly 20% to 195 million this year. With our strong cash flow we continue to reinvest in the business. The number one priority for our cash continues to be investing in what we know best, pest control and only pest control. We funded our $28 million in capital expenditures and invested $63 million of our cash in acquisitions this year. With cash to spare we returned to $110 million to our shareholders through both our stock buyback and dividend programs. We bought just over 1 million shares of our common stock and our authorization purchase of an additional 3.9 million shares. For the third consecutive year the Board declared a special dividend paid in the fourth quarter, this year $0.10 per share totaling $14 million. We began the year with a $118 million in the bank and no debt and ended the year after all of our investments with a 108 million in no debt. Needless to say we feel good about our financial condition as well as our future. Last night we announced that the Board of Directors has approved a 3 for 2 stock split of the company's common shares. The split will be affected by issuing one additional share of common stock for every two shares of common stock held. The additional shares will be distributed on March 10, 2015 to stock orders of record at the close of business on February 10, 2015. In addition, the company declared a regular cash dividend of $0.12 per share on March 10, 2015 to shareholders of record at close of business February 10, 2015. The cash dividend will be paid on the pre-split shares and represents a 14.3% increase over the prior quarterly dividend. This marks the 13th consecutive year the Board has increased our dividend by a minimum of 12% or greater. Two weeks ago we had our annual leadership meeting with almost a 150 of our top managers from all our operating companies. It's an amazing group of extraordinarily talented people and everyone was enthusiastic and very positive about the plans we have for 2015. Our team is focused and see some wonderful opportunities we have before us. Lastly let me express our appreciation for a job well done to all of the Rollins associates whose hardwork and dedication are behind these outstanding results. With that I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. I will now open up our call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: I know just gaining [ph] at one of the service suite roll-out but is there anything that you guys can share with us kind of early on in terms of productivity gains or maybe even what some of your branches are saying about what they like most about the system, or what they like least about the system?
Harry Cynkus: In terms of what they like I think most about the system and we get great reviews and people sending, when am I going to get it? Is that the technicians have iPhones as supposed to heavy bulky handheld computers with a secondary phone and what not. So the iPhone has been a huge hit, I would rather carry an iPhone, I don’t know what was it 3-4 pound handheld. So, that clearly for the technicians -- lately [ph] it's a big win. You know the administrative people in the office. I'm surprised that they have seem to miss or don’t miss those green streams, you know the Cayman two tone green and they seem to be adapting real well to the multi-color window based screens that we’re now dealing with.
Gary Rollins: They also like the flexibility, it's lot easier to move a customer to change their service time which is necessary because the customers are not always there on their pre-determined service stage, so they can move around and it doesn’t take a lot of effort to do that. I think the thing is just a lot quicker, they don’t have to wait so long for the screen changes. We have really gotten grades from the very beginning even when -- there were many features that wouldn’t work exactly well. So the field has been very positive as far as this conversion is concerned. Productivity wise it's just too soon to tell, as Harry said we have got some branches that have improved immediately and I think those have the later branches. We learned something through these conversions, the best way to do it, the best way to do the training, the best way to do the pre-preparation. But we’re optimistic about improving the number of accounts that we can service each day.
Harry Cynkus: Though I do want to point out while we have seen productivity gains in some of the branches they are modest coming out of the box and there is a lot of best practices and we have talked about having, besides having an implementation team whether we don’t follow and we don’t know what's the best timeframe but to have productivity teams follow up and come back and share best practice and what not. We’re in the real early -- you know one thing we see, we see productivity gains with the technicians, administrative office, we’re seeing higher overtime in the first month or two. We’re seeing some drop-off in AR Collection so we’re seeing some degradation in the AR region.
Gary Rollins: And that’s the reason frankly because we’re working on the conversion. So there are time, application changes and one of the things that we’re also looking at is we have a special collection team that supports that branch for the first two days -- excuse me two months. So we don’t have that kind of deterioration.
Harry Cynkus: I think the biggest thing we’re surprised about is going into this we’re expecting to see some degradation for 2-3 months before a branch snap back and then started seeing gains and we are just not seeing the losses over the -- the problem is coming out of the gate. My biggest concern continues to do it, as I think I’ve listed, talked about on the call, as you add more and more branches to the system what's that do, have we figured out how to keep the response time timely. Have we figured it out all the little wrinkles that we will see going to different parts of the country, but so far so good job.
Joe Box: Harry, earlier you talked about $12 million spend on the roll-out in '15 which I think was an incremental 6 million year-over-year. Should we think about that as being a level load at 3 million per quarter or is there going to be a unique cadence with that spend?
Harry Cynkus: No I think at this point is level, because we’re limited by the number of trainers we have as to how many branches we can do in a given month and quarter. So, we have loaded and trained and brought people to the level where we think we’re going to be at a level throughout the year, I don’t think, unless we find some metric into the third quarter where you know this is going so smooth and if we double the implementers we can double the number of branches being implemented and speed up the getting across all of them. But right now the plan is to go at a pretty steady and it's probably going to average 10 plus branches a month, some months more. We have identified some months to have a break in the schedule to catch our breath and if we have to make some adjustments, there are some changes, you know it's built into the schedule.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dan Dolev with Jefferies.
Dan Dolev: So question on the residential business, your compares were somewhat easier in the fourth quarter for the residential, I think about 150 basis points and yet if my numbers are correct, the acceleration ex-M&A is only about 10 basis points. Now I think you mentioned you were in that 100%, was that -- can you be a little bit more specific on what you think happened and is there any reason to believe that the implementation of the CRM system had anything to do with that at least on a short term basis. Thank you.
Harry Cynkus: No the CRM, we don’t see it -- that’s a good thing we go back and look at see if our starts I don’t think -- I think I'm missed tracking that numbers, starts in the branches undergoing implementation whether we -- but there is just not enough of them to that should overall impact that. I mean the fourth quarter is always a tough quarter to predict. So October was a great month, and then leads dropped off in November and it's okay we need to hunt it down and turn around and December picked up. So it's certainly gets real variable, January looks like it was doing real well and then the Mid-West in New England area got hit with the little snow which I'm sure slowest down here in January. Of course a year ago, Gary and I were both sitting at home today doing this conference call, we got snowed out here in Atlanta. So there is really nothing I can really specifically point at. I think overall we’re happy with seeing the leads through the first six months of the year, we were seeing decreases, picked up in the third quarter and it continued growing here in the fourth quarter. So, you need the leads to grow the business and overall we feel good about it.
Dan Dolev: And then two more questions, one on HomeTeam size, see this correctly, there has been an acceleration in the installs in Q4. Can you maybe--
Harry Cynkus: Yes, I think they were up 5% in Q4 where they have been up 4% in Q3. So homebuilders, the pace drops down considerably in the Q4, and they tend not to start too many homes late in the year and carry inventory across. The sentiments are strong, we are modeling that, we think and our markets will see another possibly 4%, 5%, increase installs next year over this year.
Gary Rollins: We have very good profit improvement at HomeTeam as a result of a reorganization that we initiated mid-year. So we will get some of that this first half but I think HomeTeam had a good year.
Dan Dolev: And last question if I may ask, what is the rationale for this stock split? Why now?
Gary Rollins: Sure. Rollins has had a long history of stock split and I think it's really driven by liquidity, having more shares available to trade in the market. Every time we split the shares we see the volume trade and make it easier for people to get in or get out of the market, we’re feeling good about our business and like I said this is I think the fourth split in 15 years.
Dan Dolev: It seems to be working.
Gary Rollins: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we do have a follow-up from Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box: Just one follow-up for you Gary, in the release that came out this morning, you alluded to some strategic initiatives that you think could help with 2015 numbers. I'm just curious if there is anything that’s new or different that maybe you could share with us.
Gary Rollins: I don’t think that there is anything new so much as we really kind of learned a lot with our home suite and business suite last year and our EDS, our sales management system and we have kind of worked out some of the I guess bumps in a road that we had there. So we really are optimistic that we’re going to get a lot bigger lift and then from a marketing point of view, we have got things that we really can't talk about but we plan to make some changes there. The analytics team I guess is relatively new for us. I think that was mid-year and they have come up with some very interesting plans and programs that we intend to test. So some of our stuff is kind of secret that we can't talk about it at this particular juncture but as always I think that’s one of the traits of the company. I think that we have, every year we have programs that we feel will be very important to help us maintain our growth and our profitability.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen with no further questions in queue I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Well this has been an exciting year for our company. We benefited from a great deal of enthusiasm and energy. We have maintained that enthusiasm going into this New Year. We have great teams across all areas of our business who are focused on our goal to always get better and be better and I appreciate you joining us today. We look forward to visiting with you again in 2015. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen we do appreciate your participation in today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. Once again we do appreciate your participation. Have a great rest of your day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilynn Meek – IR Harry Cynkus – SVP, CFO and Treasurer Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and CEO
Analysts:  Jamie Clement – Macquarie Dan Dolev – Jefferies 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Rollins Incorporated Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Marilynn Meek. Please go ahead.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a copy and make sure that you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode 5152310. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, indicating the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re very pleased to have reported our strongest quarter for the year with revenues growing 6.3% to $384.9 million compared to $362.2 million in last year’s third quarter. Our net income increased 13.6% to $41.1 million with EPS of $0.28 compared to $36.2 million or $0.25 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2013. Revenues for the first nine months rose 5.4% to $1.067 million. Net income grew 13% to $107.7 million or $0.74 per share compared to net income of $95.4 million or $0.65 per diluted share for the same period last year. We’re also pleased to have achieved a 35% flow through of profit before taxes from each dollar of revenue increased in the quarter. This was off a little bit from the 41% flow through year-to-date, but with greater growth comes more related upfront cost. We saw a good growth in our commercial pest control business with revenues up 7%. Residential pest control was up 4.9%. While our termite service line was up 8.2% which for the quarter includes contributions from our recent acquisitions – Allpest, Statewide and PermaTreat. With this being our last call in 2014 and our year is about over, I thought I’d take a moment and bring you up-to-date on the feel of the new initiatives we’re working that will contributing in 2015. As you may recall approximately a year ago, we established our own in-house analytics team to help us gain greater insight in the customer preferences and to enable us to better formulate our marketing plans and priorities. We felt that this capability was needed to take our company to the next level. Through this group’s efforts, we now have a better understanding of our customer base, their behaviors as well as a greater understanding of our specific business segments. Going forward, we will have more and better data, so more of our decisions can be based on facts versus supposition. As you would expect, this will be an ongoing effort and as we do further testing, substantiating our findings to develop and implement our 2015 marketing initiatives and plans. Historically, one of the strengths of our company has been our marketing efforts. As a result of this new research, our marketing team will be raising the bar next year to drive more business to our brands. We believe that this more sophisticated approach to our marketing will be more cost effective and enable us to meet our goal of stronger single digit revenue growth with double digit profit improvement. The digital world just keeps expanding. Not only are there more devices emerging, but there seems to be a growing trend among TV viewers to cut the proverbial cord either entirely or partially. This was highlighted in the last couple of weeks with HBO announcing their intent to beginning screening content in 2015 which was followed by some more announcement from network giant, CBS. As you may recall our company embraced digital early on and it was currently becoming an even more significant medium to connect with today’s consumers. We believe that there are growing opportunities to various digital touch points including streaming unique video and display. We will be expanding our presence and spend in this area in the New Year. At the same time, we will continue to leverage our knowledge and conventional blogcast media channels to efficiently drive awareness and reference to the Orkin brand among current users and future prospects. Our PR folks will also be raising the bar on plans to more economically build consideration for our brands in the media both nationally and locally in the large communities where we do business. This will be complemented to our use of social media including hosted blogs and live Twitters. At the same time, we will reinforce our scientific pest control team and brand positioning through our valuable partnerships which includes our work with the CDC and our affiliation with over 20 leading zoos and aquariums throughout the United States. And let’s not overlook the old work in Insect Zoo at the Smithsonian. If you’re in the Washington area, you might want to drop by and see their tarantulas. We value our customers highly and want their experience with us to be rewarding from the first consideration of our services to purchase and our service delivery. We will continue to drive communications with customers through various touch points including personal emails and a e-newsletter that is currently distributed to many of our customers. These touch points will help us build and maintain customer loyalty which is critical to all important customer retention. Speaking of retention, our analytics team that I mentioned earlier has also identified many drivers to help improve customer retention which we will be market testing in the New Year. Rollins is a naturally recognized leader in employee training as attested by our having been named one of the top training companies in America over the past 12 years. We’re also a leader in using technology to advance our training efforts. Our new commercial sales training curriculum is one example of how the Rollins learning center is making our training better by partnering more consistently with our field. I know it sounds like a no brainer, but today we’re soliciting more feedback from our frontline employees. Our training employees specialists are working closer with teams or division representatives from a variety of positions to identify what aspects with existing training were effective and what needs to be improved. As an example, teams have tailored our customers sales training to better complement our newly introduced technology of proprietary iPad BizSuite application. Our dedication to succession planning across all divisions and levels at Rollins continues to serve us well as we identify our management talent needed to meet our long-term growth objectives. As an example, recently, we realigned our regions within the Atlantic and Southeast divisions improve our span of control and to achieve other operational efficiencies. We’re able to accomplish this in part by drawing from our bench strength of talent identified through our annual employee ranking and performance tracking software. As a result, Pat Chrzanowski was promoted Vice President of our newly established Northeast Division. Pat joined Orkin’s Atlantic Division in 2007 and has worked his way up to our company through his successful accomplishments and numerously field assignments. At the same time, Freeman Elliott who has led the Atlantic Division since 2010 was recognized to oversee the important Southeast Division which now includes North Carolina and Tennessee. We’re enthusiastic about both of these assignments and have high expectations for accelerating our growth and management improvements for both of these divisions under Pat and Freeman’s leadership. We’re continuing to advance our investments to improve risk management for our company and our employee’s welfare. To that end, we recently brought on a new Director of Safety and Health, Christopher Moss [ph] who will be responsible for developing, implementing and expanding Rollins’ safety and health programs. Chris has already started work on what he calls humanizing safety and has been out in the field interacting with employees across the country gaining their insights. It is our intent for safety to come naturally to everyone with a daily goal that everyone does their job safely. Before handing the call over to Harry, I just wanted to provide an update on a couple of subjects that you may have been wondering about. First of all, HomeTeam, there have been several conflicting and confusing dichotomies in recent weeks concerning the status of the home construction industry. September 17th news release noted that builder confidence in the market for newly built single family homes rose for a fourth consecutive month to a level of 59 on the National Association of Home Builders, Wells Fargo Housing Market Index. But this index brings at the highest level since November 2005, any number above 50 is considered to indicate that more builders view condition is good than poor. But some 24 hours later, the U.S. Commerce Department reported construction starts on new U.S. homes tumbled over 14% in August, pulling back after a surge in July, signaling some shakiness in the housing market recovery. So confidence is up and further government start is down. Acquisition is that we can’t change the reports but we can improve our execution and operating margins. And that’s what we’re working on. We have great confidence in HomeTeam, its people and their ongoing contributions to our company’s overall growth as the housing market further stabilizes. For the third quarter, we experienced a modest 4.3% growth in installs in line with our expectations and anticipate this type of growth in October. We’re pleased that leading builders also have a great confidence in partnering with HomeTeam. As an example, for the fourth consecutive year, HomeTeam earned the nationally acclaimed Partners of Choice Award given by David Weekley Homes for outstanding supplier performance. HomeTeam is the only pest management company to ever receive this well-respective industry award and one of eight companies from approximately 200 suppliers to earn an A in service quality. Bill Justus from David Weekley said it best, earning an award is difficult and what HomeTeam has accomplished winning for four consecutive years is a truly outstanding achievement. Most of you are aware of our acquisition of PermaTreat which was finalize on August 1st. However, I wanted to take this opportunity to welcome this fine team to our business family. They’re a great cost refit for us and helps extend our presence in Northern Virginia. Second, just a quick update on where we are with our CRM branch at administrative operating system. We began the rollout of our first charge of non-pilot branches in August and remain on target with this year’s plan. What was most encouraging about the first non-beta conversion was how smoothly it went. Nothing ever goes perfect, but the number of whoopses [ph] were small and very manageable. Three branches are certainly not a scientific representative sample, but like I said, it was very encouraging. A lot of time and effort has gone into these first plants conversions. And I’d like to thank our team who made it possible while minimizing the pain at the branches. We’re proceeding with a net rollout converting an additional 13 branches. In closing, we are pleased with the progress that we’re continuing to make in advancing our initiatives to be the best service company in the world. For us, this is a journey, not a destination. We are privileged to have a team of employees who are creative, innovative and enthusiastically seizing the opportunities available to our company both today and for the future. I’ll now turn the call over to Harry who will walk you through our financials. Harry?
Harry Cynkus: Thanks, Garry. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call. What is it about October? Last year, the financial headlines were all about the aftermath of the U.S. Government shutdown, the next looming death sealing breach and what the potential Fed tapering will do to business. This October, it’s all about global growth scares, slowdown in tech, cheap foreign imports, et cetera, et cetera. A lot of headlines. There’s something reassuring about being a pest control company. These type of events just don’t impact our business. Pest control is a recession resistant, but not recession dependent business representing a non-discretionary purchase for commercial in most consumers. But that’s not to say we don’t ever have to work hard to produce our results. As we experienced last quarter, we saw continued softness in leads through July. August saw the fourth year-over-year improvement, slight, but a gain nonetheless. Then came September. I always said that spring will come and things will pick up. I just didn’t expect to see it in September, neither did Gary. It’s hard to put an explanation of what has proven to be the best September sales month on record by far. Good weather, but not phenomenal, no particularly good economic signals, if anything the newspapers had negative headlines most of the month, no change in our marketing strategy, but the phones rang off the hook. And our sales associates executed. I’m happy to report that it looks like the positive trend is continuing into October. Last quarter, I said the last time I saw significant slowdown in leads was in 2008 and it appeared that consumers deferred making that pest control call for help for a year. This time, it appears they only deferred it until the fall. Third quarter revenues were $384.9 million, representing 6.3% revenue growth. We saw a continued sequential growth across all of our brands. Net income increased 13.6% to $41.1 million or $0.28 per diluted share, compared to $36.2 million or $0.25 per diluted share for the same period in 2014. Year-to-date revenue is $1.067 million, a 5.4% increase. While net income has increased 13% to $102.8 million. EBITDA totals $205.1 million while EPS has increased 14% to $0.74 per diluted share. We see good momentum with lead growth returning and no significant negative changes in the other fundamentals that support our business – closure, pricing, customer and employee retention, all working together to achieve that we have for the first nine months as well as for the remainder of the year. Let’s get deeper into the results. This quarter we have seen 6.3% revenue growth among all brands and all service lines. We saw a good growth in our commercial pest control business with revenues up 7%. Residential pest control was up 4.9% while our termite service line was up 8.2% favorably impacted by our acquisitions. Allpest, Statewide and PermaTreat acquisitions accounted for approximately 2% of our overall growth. Our Canadian operations represents better than 7% of our company revenues, had good organic growth. However, the weakening currency impacted our growth this quarter costing us four tenths of 1%. Let’s look at the service lines that make up our business starting with residential pest control. Residential sales are driven by inbound activity, phone calls and web leads. The strong finish in September made it the strongest quarter of the year for residential increasing 4.9%, 4.3% excluding acquisitions. This service line represents 42% of our revenues this quarter. Commercial pest control which makes up 41% of our business was up 7%, 4.6% excluding acquisitions. With the commercial business, you receive less than one tenth as many commercial leads as you do residential. So for them, it’s all about being creative, knocking on doors and making proposals. The impact of the currency exchange was reflected almost exclusively in our commercial business as most of Canada’s business is commercial. Domestically, commercial is up 5.4%. Lastly, our termite business which makes up 16% of our business this quarter enjoyed growth of 8.2% in the third quarter which is strong. The acquisitions played a big part of it. But even excluding them, 3.7% growth for this service was our best quarter so far this year. Last year, we talked about our proprietary sales to HomeSuite, an iPad application in the hands of our sales inspectors. This tool has been successful in helping improve closure as well as enabling us to sell additional auxiliary products. Lastly, when it comes to revenue, we can’t leave out our favorite, bed bugs. While they don’t make the headlines they used to, it continues to be our fastest growing business line having achieved its first $20 million quarter since we began tracking this business in 2009 when we did $24 million in revenue for the entire year. For the quarter, bed bug revenue grew 17.8% to $20.5 million. Interestingly, if you’d look at our bed bug business alone, it would rank among the top 12 pest control companies in the United States. Needless to say, we’re proud that we have been able to successfully build this business and provide our customers with the most needed service. Year-to-date, revenues for bed bugs are approximately $46.5 million and will easily exceed $60 million this year. Gross margin increased to 50.9% for the third quarter versus 50% in the prior year. This is due to primarily favorable termite and casualty claim development, improvement in service salaries. We’re seeing productivity improvement for the first time this year as well as good cost management across most spending categories. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased $1.4 million totaling $11.4 million. Depreciation is almost $4.2 million and amortization of intangibles was $7.2 million. We expense all cost as incurred in organically growing our business. However, we are required today of the customer contracts and other intangibles required in acquisitions. And as a result, as of September 30th, we have $150 million in customer contracts and other intangible assets on our balance sheet. Amortization of these costs will remain a significant non-cash charge to the P&L for some time. This year, it will represent a $0.12 charge to earnings. While we’re on the subject of non-cash charges running through a P&L, we have nearly $8 million year-to-date in stock based compensation which will represent $0.04 charge to earnings as well this year. Capital expenditures are running $22.7 million year-to-date which is unusually high for us from a historical perspective, but further testament confirming that although we are not a capital intensive business, we will invest when the opportunity justifies it. The primary driver in the higher than normal capital spend rate was the decision to do a very robust PC refresh ahead of our branch operating system rollout. Sales, general, administrative expenses increased $5.7 million or 5% to 30.8% of revenues decreasing from 31.2% for the third quarter ended 9-30. The decreases in cost as percent of revenues were the result of us being able to make reductions in administrative salaries reflecting realignment at some of our operations and cost containment programs initiated to corporate office late last year. Last year, additional expenses were incurred which did not reoccur for advertising related to our new rollouts. As a result of gearing up for and beginning of the implementation of our branch automation project, we incurred an additional $600,000 in SG&A costs over last year’s run rate. The provision for income tax has returned this quarter to its normalized run rate, 37.6%. Our balance sheet remains very strong. We ended the quarter with $114 million in cash with no debt. We continue to work hard to find opportunities to put back cash to work in what we know best, pest control and only pest control. We have been able to accelerate our acquisitions this year both abroad, Australia and Canada as well as domestically. The deal pipeline is as strong as I’ve seen it in a number of years. But I’m constantly reminded, bad acquisitions at a good price are still bad acquisitions and good acquisitions at a bad are in a good use of our hard earned capital. We continue to remain disciplined. But acquisitions don’t deter us from returning capital to our shareholders both through dividends our share repurchase program. With $114 million in cash and no debt, we certainly have the flexibility to pursue acquisitions, continue to increase our dividends as well as buy back stock. During the quarter, we were active with our share buyback program. Early this month, we announced that the company had repurchased nearly 780,000 shares under the share repurchase program and just over 1 million shares have been repurchased year-to-date. In total, 3.952 million additional shares may be purchased under previously approved programs by the board of directors. The program does not have an expiration date. Yesterday, the board declared a regular quarterly dividend on its common stock of $10.5 per share payable December 10th to shareholders at record at the close of business in November 10. The board will reexamine the quarterly dividend as it normally does in the regularly scheduled January meeting. This past year marked the 12th year which the increase of our annual dividend by a minimum of 12% each year. We continue to generate more cash than we can wisely redeploy in the business and through stock buybacks. As a result for the third consecutive year, the board declared a special year-end dividend this year payable December 10th to shareholders of record at the close of business November 10th of $0.10. Where did the year go? Hard to believe, 2014 will be drawing to a close. We haven’t come close to exhausting the opportunities we have to grow and improve our business. I look forward to talking to you next quarter in sharing our fourth quarter and record year results. Lastly, let me express our appreciation for a job well done to all of the Rollins associates whose hard work and dedication are behind these outstanding results. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. Harry and I will be happy to address any questions that you all might have.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we’ll take our first question from Jamie Clement with Macquarie.
Jamie Clement – Macquarie: Harry, Gary, good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Jamie.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning.
Jamie Clement – Macquarie: All right, two questions for me. First of all, Harry, obviously CapEx is trending a little higher than normal. But given the branch system rollouts, should higher still going into next year or is this a level you’d expect to kind of stay out or even declined over the next 18 months or so?
Harry Cynkus: No, I would expect it to decline back to more historical trends in the $17 million to $20 million range for the year. Like I said, we did a very robust rollout to improve the branch operating computers which normally we do staggered over a number years. But the capacity and strength of what we needed in the branches with the rollout coming just required a unusual deceleration of that. So no, there’s no big CapEx surprises next year.
Jamie Clement – Macquarie: Okay, very good. And Gary, if I could turn to you. You mentioned some of the data and the news on housing starts and the housing market in general. Correct me if I’m wrong, but you all are not making a lot of money on the actual installation of the Taexx tubes in the wall. I mean in all cases, this is really about recurring revenue from a family that moves into a house. The way I’ve always sort of looked at this is the business, the new leads that you’re generating from HomeTeam, the decision to build this homes was made many, many years ago. So I mean is that the right interpretation in your opinion, in other words, not to get too worked up about short-term stories and data and that kind of thing?
Gary Rollins: Well, of course we’re using our data in other areas or all areas. But you hit it on the head as far as the cost related to installs versus the benefit to get me really turn the system on. It’s almost like the razors and razorblade phenomena that you’ve got to put the system in in order to benefit from it, but once you got it installed, we have a customer that has better retention that conventional pest control because the home owner has made an investment, in their mind as far the system, it’s something that they own. And it’s just a lot more sticky in this residential pest control account than there is the conventional account.
Harry Cynkus: And it also provides a – it’s kind of interesting, I think it’s even than the razor and razorblades because five years from now the 83,000, 84,000 plus homes that we installed systems in this year, many of those homes we also did pre-treat termite work. And that pre-treat termite work comes with a five year warranty, guarantee. So five years from now, we know the homeowner, we know what the exact date that their warranty expires, we’ve been servicing probably 70% of these homes doing their pest control. So who better than to renew their termite work with than HomeTeam? So it’s an interesting phenomena that when housing turns down, you have this five year backlog of customers that will need termite work. So if you look at this past recession, during the housing downturn 2008 through 2011, we were going back to customers so we installed or did pre-treat termite work 2002 to 2006 selling room [ph] termite work. And the HomeTeam grooved through the recession because of the backlog of termite customers needing additional work.
Jamie Clement – Macquarie: Guys, thank you very much as always for your time.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Jamie.
Operator: (Operator instructions) At this time, we’ll take our next question from Dan Dolev with Jefferies. Caller, your line is open. Please check your mute button. Again, your line is open. Please check your mute button. (Operator instructions) And we’ll pause a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal.
Gary Rollins: We’re on a technical problem with Dan.
Operator: And we’ll take our question from Dan Dolev with Jefferies.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Do you hear me now?
Harry Cynkus: Yes.
Gary Rollins: Yes.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Sorry about that. Quick question for the mid-sector, the nice installation revenue on the residential side and termite. How much of those is really [indiscernible] external market including any sort of execution that Rollins [indiscernible]?
Gary Rollins: Well, I’d love to believe it all has to do with execution of Rollins and marketing.
Harry Cynkus: Excellent management, Gary.
Gary Rollins: Excellent management. But I don’t have any data to – well, I can say I don’t have any data to support it or suggest otherwise. We know whether it was good in September or was good last year in September, was it better, did that drive it some, we really think some of this as I suggested was people earlier of the year who delayed making decision and gave up waiting. You know I sense just in benchmarking and attending the national industry events as this has somewhat lacked luster. On termite season, they didn’t have swarm. Typically, that’s enjoyed in most areas. I think we’re getting a benefit from our HomeSuite application. We’re in a better position to communicate to the home owner to the kind of work that we do and why do we do we do it and specifically how that relates to their home. So I’d like to get the benefit of anything that’s new, it just takes it a while to get it into your culture and into your routine. So I believe that’s been very helpful for us. And the industry, I mean the season just really felt crazily, I mean as far as the end of the quarter is concerned. But that was more so in pest control than it was in termite.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Got it. That makes sense. And then quickly one follow up on Home. Can you give that number, I think last time, you mentioned positive earnings about 40%. Is there an equivalent number for HomeTeam in quote this time?
Gary Rollins: Yes. I don’t have it handy. But the fact that I don’t recall it says it probably was in line with prior – with what they’ve done all year. Yes, I’m trying to find it here quickly. Yes, it was in line with prior quarters in terms of their improved contribution to the company.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: So it’s contributing – it’s margin accretive for the company at this time?
Gary Rollins: I’m sorry. You broke up a little there.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: It’s margin accretive for the company at this time?
Gary Rollins: Are you talking about HomeTeam?
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: The HomeTeam business.
Gary Rollins: Yes.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Got it.
Gary Rollins: Yes, they continued to improve their margins.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks, Gary. I appreciate it.
Operator: (Operator instruction) And I’ll pause another moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal. And it appears we have no further questions in queue at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks at this time.
Gary Rollins: Thank you. Well, it’s been an exciting year for the company with again with a lot of enthusiasm and energy. And I think that’s just built through the year as the year progressed. And we really started to see a return on the investments that we had from a technology point of view which was very encouraging. And we really look forward to frankly to the New Year. I know this one’s not over yet, but we’re really very much involved in the plans for 2015. And I look forward as does Harry in speaking with you next time. So thanks for your attendance.
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s conference. A replay will be available today, October 29th at 12 o’clock Central, 1 o’clock Eastern and will run through November 5th. You may access the replay by dialing the 1-888-203-1112 and reference passcode 5152310. Again, you may access the replay by dialing the number 1-888-203-1112 and reference passcode 5152310. This concludes today’s conference and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilynn Meek – IR Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and CEO Harry Cynkus – SVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts:  Jamie Clement – Sidoti Sean Egan – KeyBanc Capital Markets Dan Dolev – Jefferies 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Rollins Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please note, today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Marilynn Meek. Ms.Meek, you may begin.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-837-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode 9319923. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us on our second quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We had another good quarter with revenue growing 5.3% to $369.4 million, compared to $315.8 million in the second quarter last year. Net income increased 13.5% to $40.9 million with EPS of $0.28 per diluted share, compared to $36 million and $0.25 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2013. Revenues for the first six months rose 5% to $682.8 million, compared to $650.5 million for the same period of last year. Net income grew 12.6% to $66.6 million or $0.46 per diluted share compared to net income of $59.2 million or $0.40 per diluted share for the same period, an increase of 15%. While we would like to hit higher revenue growth for the quarter, we’re pleased with a 45% follow through of profit before taxes from each dollar of revenue increased in the quarter and for the first half of this year. We continue to see strong growth in our commercial pest control business with revenues up 8.1%, residential pest control sequential growth due to softer than expected customer demand came in at 3.9%. Our termite service line was up 4.2% which was helped by our Australian acquisition but there is no slowing down in our bed bug business which grew 18% over last year with revenues of over $14 million for the quarter. We are continuing to see solid growth in residential demand which now represents almost 40% of this business, although commercial continues to grow as well. Year-to-date revenue six months for bed bugs is approximately $26 million. As we continue to invest in initiatives to further grow our business it’s important that we keep our marketing expenditures in balance with seasonal demand. The challenge is to maintain a good lead acquisition cost in the pay search channels while continuing to refine our ability to identify and attract the most desired consumer base. In this regard it’s encouraging that we’re growing our business organically as more consumers visit our website and are selecting our brands. We continue to build out the content of this valuable piece of real estate. A little over a year ago we launched our Orkin’s pest control down to a science team as our national marketing campaign where we highlighted the Orkin man and his vast knowledge of pest. In addition to our television and radio advertising we have put great emphasis on supporting the campaign via our website at orkin.com. This quarter we re-launched this site. It now has both a new look and provides a greater distinction between Orkin’s residential and commercial service offerings versus all the other competition. There are key components on orkin.com that both educate consumers and demonstrate Orkin’s leading ability to handle all types of pest and control related problems. We continue to improve our site which now includes a new and improved pest library, customer expectation videos, and highlights of Orkin’s award winning training. Our new pest library is more robust with actual pest photos into more illustrations and pest videos covering numerous topics including dangerous pest in your home, when to request a termite inspection and so forth. In mid April we launched three new customer expectation videos that show what customers can expect when their Orkin man or woman shows up to perform pest control services. These have proven to be highly popular with our prospective customers. These residential and commercial videos highlight our ongoing progression of three critical practices that are conducted to give our customers the peace of mind that comes with year around pest protection, we call it A.I.M. This acronym describes these activities that our technicians follow. First, our technicians assess the situation in a customer’s home or property to determine what the problems are. Next, is to implement specific science driven solutions based on their findings. And finally, to monitor future pest activity and resolves to make sure our actions are working. Our new website also accomplishes a better mobile experience and will be adjusting its content based on what device you’re viewing via tablets, Smartphone, or desktop PC. These new site improvements are contributing to improve lead conversion while supporting our overall national marketing campaign, and are good example of not being satisfied with the status quo. We’ve also expanded our advertising reach this year to include value added opportunities. Recent research shows that our marketing folks at certain sports have a better chance of reaching our target audience. So if you see an Orkin’s logo during a NHL play-off, PGA tournament or Major League Baseball game, your eyes weren’t playing tricks on you. This advertising is generating solely at the networks discretion, so you never know exactly when or where the advertisements will be shown. But look for them to pop-up when you’re captivated by your favorite sport team. Result [ph] also looking at improving our ability to get to a different audience via YouTube, and this year we have created three different campaigns with a goal of gaining views and engagement and driving consumers to our website. The viewership has been as good as we expected and while it’s still in the early stages in this newer channel, too quick for us to celebrate but overtime we look forward to affordable lead conversion as this new audience routinely comes to the site. This is another example of our quest to be better through innovative marketing approaches that helps distinguish ourselves from the smaller competition who don’t have the resources or expertise to pursue these opportunities. Let me comment a little further on that point. As stated often, we are continuing to aggressively pursue strategic and complementary acquisitions. In conversation with many smaller and medium sized companies vested, they are sharing if their world has changed so much that they either don’t have the knowledge, energy or resources to invest in building their brand via the new digital and social media world. Being the industry’s largest gives us many advantages in this regard, and we believe that this also will create a window of opportunity acquisition lies with these companies. As mentioned previously, we established our own in-house analytics team last fall. And their data mining and number crunching is well underway. We plan to test some of our findings in the fourth quarter with the expectation of developing marketing strategies that will help spur next year’s growth. As we began the year, we anticipated some slowdown with HomeTeam’s installs based on the new home construction outlook for 2014. We’re pleased however that HomeTeam’s installs are up modestly and we’re seeing strong improvement in their profitability, which is up more than 40%. This is in part of result of the activation of our Tubes in the Wall Systems by new customers coupled with a restructuring of HomeTeam’s field operations. Installs were up 3.7% in the quarter and 5.5% for the first half of the year. To bring up-to-date [ph] on our CRM branch administrative operating system as I mentioned in late January, we were doing testing in a number of different business environments. However, we had two final hurdles that needed to be addressed before operations would give the go ahead to roll the system out to branches beyond the pilots. Number one of these obstacles was completing our daily, weekly, and monthly performance reports which will now be near a real-time updating data hourly and accessible to the branch managers PC, iPad or phone. We’re pleased to report that that went live June 16. The other requirement was its functionality of the commercial handheld iPhone App had to be working properly. That has been completed as well with over 150 users now with bait station scanning ability. We’re ready to start implementing our new system with a first tranche of non-pilot branches to roll out in August, September and October. To give you an idea of the magnitude of the branch operating system development, since we originally deployed the software and testing in pilot branches in January 2013, we have made over 1200 additions, changes and deletions. It is probably not accurate to refer to the system as service week much longer because we’ve done so much customization. In fact, we’ll be having an internal naming contest shortly to name our proprietary CRM system. By year end we expect to have the 50 branches online in addition to the 29 that we currently have, or almost 80 branches. The full roll out of the system for Orkin will take 18 months with a bulk of branches occurring in 2015. Our other brands will follow afterwards. As we’ve said in the past, once fully implemented we believe that this system will be a real game changer for our company. This quarter we are pleased to have three South American franchises to our roaster during the quarter. All three will offer commercial and residential pest control and termite services. The first two companies are located in Brazil, and the third franchise is located in Paraguay. All three will be carrying the mantle of the great Orkin brands. In closing, I’d like to reiterate our commitment to being the best pest control company in the world providing residential and commercial customers with extraordinary pest control service. We’re focused on our initiatives to achieve this goal and remain enthusiastic about the numerous opportunities we have, both domestically and internationally. With that said, I’ll turn the call over to Harry who will walk you through the financials.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call. It’s good to have a normal conference call, no snowstorm, no burns [ph], just good numbers. For those here last quarter and are curious, my daughter delivered a healthy baby girl minutes following last quarter’s call, mother and Willa Rose are doing fine. Second quarter revenues were $369.4 million, representing 5.3% revenue growth. We had growth across all service lines but not the sequential quarter-to-quarter growth that we prefer to see this time of the year, more about that in a minute. However, as Gary pointed out, we did a good job in converting that incremental revenue to profit and cash. Net income increased 13.5% to $40.9 million or $0.28 per diluted share, compared to $36 million or $0.25 per diluted share for the same last year. For the first six months of 2014 revenues rose 5% to $682.7 million, compared to $650.5 million last year. Net income for the first six months of 2014 was $66.6 million or $0.46 per diluted share, compared to the same period last year representing a 15% increase in diluted earnings per share year-to-date. Net cash provided by operating activities is strong this year, increasing 23% to nearly $90 million. We ended the quarter with $101.5 million cash in the bank, and no debt. Fundamentally our business remains solid. For the first time since 2008 we saw some softness in leads, partly because of the late spring and some uncertainty in consumer demand as the retail industry confirms. As we move up to income band, intentionally with our rates, we attract less in the lower income category which you often don’t retain long enough to recover your acquisition and start-up costs. The results of this strategy can be seen in both of our continuing closure improvement, as well as better price realization. Long-term, we should also see higher retention as well. The analytics work we are doing in this area should pay big dividends in the future. Despite decrease in leads we saw increase in sales. Overall, we continue to see improved customer satisfaction and retention which are the key indicators of long-term health of our business. Clearly, we are maintaining our positive momentum within the important drivers of our business. As Gary has said before, we are pleased, just never satisfied. Last quarter we ran our annual price increase test which showed little change in the elasticity. Price increase eligibility is determined based on the tenure of the customer, variance in the customer’s price for the current rate card and contract terms. In June, Orkin and some of our other brands implemented their traditional annual price increase program for eligible residential and commercial customers. HomeTeam’s price increase program rolled out July 1. As Orkin’s was rolled out partially in the quarter, the impact on revenue for the quarter was minimal, probably in the four times to five times of a percent range, and will more favorably impact us in the third quarter. We are currently anticipating approximately $17 million to $19 million over the next 12 months from this pricing action. Canada revenue was up better than 7% from the quarter before impact of currency. The weakness in the Canadian dollar continues to negatively impact our overall revenue improvement, reducing it approximately 1.5% this quarter. So acquisitions more than offset it contributing better than 1.5% to our revenue. Let’s talk about the service lines that make up our business. Our commercial pest control is the largest provider in North America, and our fastest growing service line representing nearly 41% of our revenue. Excluding fumigation commercial pest control grew 8.1% this quarter, 7.3% after taking into account fumigation which was up 5%. Retention was excellent with some of the best numbers I ever recall. We are very pleased with this performance. When I talk about our commercial business in the past I sometimes distinguish with and without fumigation. For those new to the company, the reason being – while the fumigation business is a small part of our overall business, less than 2.5%, and makes up less than 7% of our commercial pest control business, the revenue can fluctuate greatly from quarter-to-quarter. Food manufacturing and processing fumigations are not often scheduled to occur at the same time from year-to-year. This fluctuation in the business can distort the quarter-to-quarter comparisons. With joint portfolio [ph] in the third quarter and on a Friday it was an ideal weekend to schedule large plant fumigations, and as a result, we saw a number of customers delaying work until that particular weekend. From a fumigation portion of our commercial business clouds the view of our commercial business I’ll mention it, and when it doesn’t I won’t. Our residential pest control business, the original cornerstone of our company represent approximately 40% of our business this quarter. This quarter we saw a 3.9% growth equal to the first quarter. This service line is far more dependent on leads as the potential customer usually waits until they have a pest sighting, they pick up the phone or go to the computer and contact us. While we add it to our customer base sequentially, as well as over the second quarter last year, the softness in demand here certainly hurt us from being able to grow as expected. Despite the late spring, retention was flat to last year while customer satisfaction improved. The last service line, termite, which represents 19% of our business in the quarter bounced back from last quarter’s growth rate to more respectable sounding 4.2%. Excluding our Australian acquisition, termite grew 1.6% versus a decrease of 1.1% in the first quarter. This year we didn’t have a good swarm season, but fortunately termite is the smallest part of our business. Remember only half of that 19% is new completions, with the balance being very profitable, recurring revenue from renewal payments. We strategically placed greater emphasis on pest control services back in 1998 due to the higher claim risk and lower growth potential in termite, and to concentrate on growing our commercial business. For those waiting anxiously to learn about our bed bug business, it was up over 18% to $14.4 million for the quarter, with residential and commercial growing close to the same rate. Bed bugs provide a great opportunity for us to introduce our other services into accounts that have not considered regular pest control. [Indiscernible] if I didn’t talk further about HomeTeam which has profit-wise outperformed even our lofty expectations so far this year. Install growth has moderated with 22,400 new installs made in the quarter, up 3.7% for the quarter and 5.5% year-to-date. As a result of incremental margins from new customers, significantly better pricing on their termite pre-treat work, good expense control and cost taken out of their overhead structure, HomeTeam improved their profit contributions to the company better than 40% this quarter and year-to-date. Gross margin for the quarter increased 30 basis points to 50.6% for the second quarter versus 50.3% in the prior year due to primarily favorable termite and casualty claim experience, and good cost controls across most spending categories which more than offset a decrease in overall productivity as the company’s events [ph] of what turned out to be a very, very late spring. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased 800,000, an increase of 8.6% increasing one-tenth of a percent to 2.9% of revenue. Depreciation increased $100,000 to $3.8 million and amortization of intangibles increased $700,000 to $6.9 million. The increase in intangible amortization relates to the acquisitions made over the course of the last 12 months. For the full year amortization of intangibles typically from the value assigned to customer contracts gained in an acquisition will represent a significant after-tax non-cash charge of $0.12 this year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter increased $1 million or nine-tenths of a percent to 29.9% of revenues which is favorable from 31.2% for the second quarter last year. The decrease in margin percent is due to reductions made in administrative salaries, reflecting realignment of some of our operations, and cost containment programs initiated at the corporate offices late last year, along with reductions in bad debt expense. Last year addition expenses were incurred which did not reoccur to our professional services related to our commercial pricing project, and last year’s incremental spend for the new advertising campaign. Tax rate for the quarter came in at 37.8% for the quarter, no breaks this quarter and no corporate tax reform on the horizon. Yesterday the company declared it’s regularly quarterly cash dividend of $0.105 per shares, earlier this month we announced that the company repurchased a 192,583,000 shares. In total, 4.7 million additional shares may be purchased under the shares repurchase program. We continue to operate from a solid foundation. We have confidence in our fundaments, the company is performing well, the balance sheet is strong. As always, our first priority for our remarkable cash generation capabilities remains investing in what we know best, pest control and only pest control. We look forward to announcing our next acquisition shortly. With the year half over, we are well positioned for a great 2014. I look forward to talking to you next quarter. Let me express our continuing appreciation to all the Rollins associates whose hard work is behind our outstanding results. We likewise are most appreciative of our customers who make everything we do possible. Thank you for your time and interest. And with that, I now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question from Jamie Clement with Sidoti.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Gary, Harry, good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Gary, I have to ask you a question, this is the highest revenue operating income, net income, and EPS quarter you all have ever reported, I sensed however, a slight bit of disappointment in your voice on a couple of things. And – that’s a little unusual, I’m listening to these calls for a while…
Gary Rollins: I need to practice more, that’s the case.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Yes, and I was just wondering if it sounds like the lead generation situation was obviously – mother nature obviously has an impact on that and obviously, the marketing strategy.
Gary Rollins: Mostly you get up for our season and just kind of – like retail, the Christmas season, and we were disappointed that the demand was not more robust, our branch marketing with suppliers and competitors confirmed that this was a real phenomenon, it wasn’t a result of our advertising not working. And we have a couple of ways, if we check our advertising, one is kind of what I call the generic search on the web, how many people search for roaches or ants or termites, and so we kind of compare this year versus last year. And we have other ways that we look at – testing as far as I have mentioned, our suppliers, and our competitors. So – we’re satisfied that this wasn’t a Rollins thing, this was an industry situation. But as Harry said, we did a great job converting, I think that speaks loudly to the programs that we’ve initiated in the past couple of years and we were fortunate that it all came together and the results from our earnings point of view were very good.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Yes, absolutely. And that’s why I asked the question because on the surface – and obviously, the months of April and May were not particularly warm by recent historical standards, so I just wanted to make sure I wasn’t missing something here. And obviously, I know you are your own harshest critics.
Gary Rollins: Yes. I need to work harder because I was – and the Board was pleased. So my bosses are pleased, they are generally Harry and I are pleased but…
Jamie Clement – Sidoti: Okay, alright, very good. Thank you very much for your time.
Gary Rollins: Okay.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Jamie.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Sean Egan with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean Egan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning.
Sean Egan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: I just had a quick question on your affix to shift your customer mix to a higher income demographic. Can you please help us explain any potential impacts that might have on the P&L, possibly a higher margin through higher average ticket realized, are there any offsets to that such as fewer customers? Can you just kind of walk us through any of those potential impacts?
Gary Rollins: Yes, certainly. Everyone gets their fair share of some of these leads. We priced – we’re proud of our pricing. And so – if you mismatch premium pricing with customers who aren’t willing to pay the price, we see it often in retention, and the customers might only take two or three services and be gone in three or four months as opposed to a year. Your customer acquisition costs, you’re not going to recover the additional cost and time put in until the initial services. It just makes for a unprofitable customer for you. So what we want to do is, make sure we are appealing to the customers who value the service will stay longer. If you’re successful with the strategy and we certainly saw it in the first quarter because while our leads were down our total sales were up. And what you do is, you spend more time on the phone with customers who will be appealing to you and appreciate your service, so you’ll get higher closure percent and better price realization. In both of those we saw, our leads were down, our total sales were up, so the strategy is working. I think we’ll see in six months to a year we should see better retention because we will be bringing less of the customers who turnover more rapidly through the – into the mix. It’s just – you have a limited amount of marketing dollars and we are through the data analytics that work that we’re doing, we’re getting a lot smarter in spending the money in the right channels, appealing to the right customers. So we’re kind of happy that that has worked out.
Harry Cynkus: Let me just add one thing to that. Most of our pest control technicians, further pay is based on productivity. And when you give them a better mix of customers at higher rates, basically they get a raise and when you have customers churning, it’s very disruptive as far as you’re arriving in a scheduling. So, as you stabilize the customers you’ve got a better priced customer, everybody wins. And I think to Gary’s point about retention, I mean, I think he would expect the retention to improve, and I think that’s basically what we saw this past quarter.
Sean Egan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thank you. And then just one more, is there any update that you can give us on how Australia is going. Is it ramping better than expected in line? Any color on that would be appreciated.
Gary Rollins: We’re obviously – Australia, it’s a long-term play for us. We’ve done – we’ve closed now on two acquisitions in Australia. The first one out of the cage is performing below our expectations, some of the contracts are in the hopper [ph] haven’t come on board as fast as we had hoped or projected. So, that’s been a little disappointing but we’ve got a great team there, great prospects, and we’re really excited about them long-term. The second acquisition we closed on Statewide has come out of the gates as game busters, I think their revenues are running 13%, 15% of the big ran this time a year ago. So we’re excited with the team we’re building down there, we’re continuing to evaluate other opportunities. And we think Australia be a great market long-term.
Sean Egan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thanks a lot. That’s all for me.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our next question from Dan Dolev with Jefferies.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Hey Harry and Gary, good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Thanks for taking my question. There has been some changes recently in the market, what are you seeing, let’s say in the last three months in terms of the competitive landscape, especially vis-à-vis your largest competitor, both on the commercial and residential side.
Harry Cynkus: I don’t know if we really are seeing any particular difference in the marketplace. I think in ServiceMaster, Terminix, Rentokil, with their brands, Stereotek [ph], Ecolab; we’ve been competing head-to-head with them for a number of years and really I don’t – our sales team hasn’t reported anything particularly different. I think the one thing we’ve seen maybe a little different – I think that maybe a little more competition on the acquisition side, some of the prices that are being paid for some of the deals, I scratched my head and questioned how they are modeling to get reasonable returns on the investment but I sorted that. Harry, you’ve got any more to talk?
Gary Rollins: Well, the only thing I would comment is – I think ServiceMaster and Terminix is reorganization certainly. We had to create a little bit of distraction and we didn’t have that but as Harry said we certainly benchmark and we do research but we’re really not seeing any phenomenon out there in the marketplace that somebody has got a silver bullet or has come up with something really unique that’s going to change our market share.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Got it, that’s very helpful. And then one last question, Harry, you mentioned that you’re looking something like – we’re looking for to the next acquisition soon, is there something eminent or was that more of an aspirational comment?
Harry Cynkus: They are always aspirational until signature is on the paper.
Gary Rollins: Yes, they have a place for people that speculate or the deal they call it jail.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Oh, we don’t want to be there. Alright, thank you very much.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time there are no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Gary Rollins: Well, we’d like to thank you for joining us today. We’re certainly flattered by your interest and support and we look forward to the next quarter. And we’ll be working hard to improve our business. So, thank you again.
Operator: And as a reminder, the replay for this call, which will begin two hours after this call concludes will run for one week. The replay can be heard by dialing 1-888-203-1112 with the passcode of 9319923. Again, that phone number is 1-888-203-1112 and the passcode is 9319923. This will conclude today’s conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: 
- : Gary Rollins - Vice Chairman, CEO, Treasurer Harry Cynkus - SVP, CFO 
Analysts:  Jamie Clement - Sidoti & Company Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Sean Kim - RBC Capital Markets  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins Incorporated First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will be conducting a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Marilynn Meek. Please go ahead.
Marilynn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-406-7325 with the passcode 4678054. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all you joining us for our first quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilynn and good morning. We appreciate all you joining us for our first quarter 2014 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and the disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary: Yes, thank you Harry. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains -- oops I’ve got your part, Harry. I’m pleased to note that unlike our last call, Harry and I are both in the same room today. As you may recall on our year-end visit in late January, we were each at our respective homes due to the snowstorm that caught Atlanta off guard. I’m sure we’re all happy that spring has come following two consecutive years of bitter winter from much of North America. Incidentally, this past March was the coldest it has been for over a decade, 12 years. A number of people in other areas have weighed in recently on this winter weather and its impact on business, even our new Federal Reserve Chair, Janet Yellen, commented on the issue and said that the harsh winter weather may have had an impact on recent economic data. Despite what some referred to as the new normal weather pattern, we are pleased to have overcome this negative impact on our business. And we’re proud to report another quarter of both improved revenue and profit. I think the key to our strategy has been to have enough business improvement initiatives in the works, so we’re not devastated by abnormal weather. We can do something about developing and implementing those programs, but nothing about the latter. Revenue for the quarter grew 4.6% which was somewhat disappointing to $313.4 million, compared to $299.7 million in the first quarter of last year.  Net income increased 11.2% to $25.8 million with EPS of $0.18 per diluted share, compared to $23.1 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the first quarter of last year. We’re definitely pleased with our conversion of profit improvement from our revenue increase. Our business historically has been built on increasing our recurring revenue. Almost 80% of the revenue we recognize each month is for scheduled services that are on the books as of the first of the month. I’d like to think of this as the gift that keeps on giving. In a sense, we’re much like the phone company or cable TV business. We worked hard last year to continue building our commercial revenue business and we saw the strength this quarter. Of this improvement, with the 6.6% growth, as Harry will explain shortly once you factor out the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange, the commercial percent revenue improvement was almost unchanged from last quarter. Our commercial customers be it large national company or a local-owned restaurant can afford to defer retaining their pest control services regardless of whether it’s a mild or severe winter. Residential sequential growth slowed similar to what we saw last year. We don’t have a lot of new customers coming into the sales funnel in the first quarter, especially with the weather we had, but still residential pest control grew a respectable 3.9%. The snow and cold weather doesn’t kill the termites but it does drive them deeper in the ground until the temperature warms. As a result, termite revenue was almost a breakeven, up 0.1%.  On a positive note, it was obvious that bed bugs don’t care about the outside temperature because it’s always warm where they live. Our bed bug business continues to grow and was up 15% for the quarter. As noted in the past our strong customer retention provides us with excellent recurring revenue and profits. These two factors coupled with our growing brand recognition, have enabled us to expand our business and allowed us to meet our financial objectives from year-to-year. In fact, this quarter represents our 32nd quarter of improved revenue and profitability, 8 years. We also believe that we have several competitive advantages. By virtue of our size we are able to reach out to existing and potential customers, nationally, locally, and internationally through traditional and social media and Internet marketing. Most of our competitors don’t benefit in this regard. Our public relations team is a major contributor to our communications effort and focus on building our brands. Last year, this team’s outreach generated approximately 264 million local and national media impressions, while positioning our company as the pest expert. These means however is just one piece of our ongoing programs to connect with the customer. Providing education to the consumer has always been at the forefront of what we do.  From the 1950s, we have been routinely providing science education by sharing our perspective on insects with young students throughout North America. Recently we created our new school pest control presentation website, which makes it easier for teachers to schedule and track the status of their presentation request. We also continue to partner with the National Science Teachers Organization, NSTA, to promote our Orkin Man school presentation program which has been highly popular and successful. Last summer we again teamed up with the Center for Disease Control and Prevention and produced a pest control and prevention tips for mosquitoes and ticks. The sound bites from this effort generated more than 5.3 million media impressions. We are partnered with the CDC since 2004 and look forward to working with them again this year on important projects. To better build stronger relationships with our customers we are generating a quarterly e-news letter, which inform recipients about Orkin, pest-related illnesses, year-around pest control and other pertinent subjects. In 2013 more than 400,000 newsletters were distributed. We’re continuing this program again this year. We believe another competitive advantage that sets our company apart is our Atlanta learning center and Tempo, our internal training and education website. The ever revolving pest related training that we provide or employees resulted on us being recognized again by Training Magazine for the 12th consecutive year is one of the top training companies in America. This year we’ve ranked 55 among the group of 125 companies, joining a very select few companies that they can say that they’ve been so recognized with this award for more than a decade. This training publication indicates that their ranking was determined by assessing a range of qualitative and quantitative factors, including financial investment and employee development, the scope of the development programs and how closely such development efforts are linked to business goals and objectives. We remain committed to continuous improvement within all of those training metrics. And each year we’re challenged to take our training up another notch. In the first quarter, usage of the Rollins management system consisted of over 42,000 log-ins and over 100,000 core selections. Our employees are benefiting professionally and most often financially from this commitment to training. I should also add that Texas A&M University announced during the quarter that Rollins employees passed the milestone of participation by completing over 10,000 online courses on termite biology and control. Texas A&M has created the industry’s best online termite control training courses. Another area we take very seriously is risk management and specifically, the safety of our employees. Recently, we have been made aware of the dangers of talking or texting while driving. Some states have a ban on handheld talking or texting, and the list is growing. On most days of the year we have over 8,000 company vehicles on the road servicing our customers around the country. Most of the drivers of these vehicles have a company cell phone and many also have a personal cell phone. We believe that there’s nothing so important that it can’t wait for one to pull over and stop to make a returning call. Rollins has therefore adopted this year a total ban on texting or talking on a cell phone while driving a company car, our personal car, while on company business. Statistics indicated distracting driving accidents have increased 100% over the last five years. And with cell phone, work-related vehicle deaths up over 35,000 individuals in the U.S. annually. We felt that this was an issue that needed to be addressed to ensure the safety of our employees and the public. As you can imagine it was not necessarily a popular decision initially, but much like enforcing seatbelt use, it’s the right thing to do. This year we have created the Rollins marketplace or what we refer to internally as our procure-to-pay initiative. The objective is to have all of our operations and brands ordering supplies online, exclusively through our marketplace. We’re already benefiting from improved efficiency and it's helping us to obtain better national contracts and improved pricing, ultimately reducing our cost. We’re continuing to advance our goal of establishing international footprint via franchises and select acquisitions. We were pleased to announce last week an agreement in principal to acquire Statewide Pest Management headquartered in Shepparton, Australia, our second acquisition in that country. This company was established in 1997 and provides services to both commercial and residential accounts in the State of Victoria, which includes metropolitan Melbourne, and reaches up into the New South Wales area. Statewide would do approximately $5 million in annual revenue. And we’re expecting to close at the end of this month and are excited to have Statewide join our company. We also established two new global franchises during the quarter, adding to our growing roster of international franchises, our first in Uruguay and our third in China. We remain committed to adding to both our international and domestic franchises. This is an exciting time for Rollins. And we’re expecting to have a good 2014. We have many opportunities to expand and improve our company. And we look forward to sharing our progress with you each quarter. I’ll now turn the call over to Harry. Harry?
Rollins: Yes, thank you Harry. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains -- oops I’ve got your part, Harry. I’m pleased to note that unlike our last call, Harry and I are both in the same room today. As you may recall on our year-end visit in late January, we were each at our respective homes due to the snowstorm that caught Atlanta off guard. I’m sure we’re all happy that spring has come following two consecutive years of bitter winter from much of North America. Incidentally, this past March was the coldest it has been for over a decade, 12 years. A number of people in other areas have weighed in recently on this winter weather and its impact on business, even our new Federal Reserve Chair, Janet Yellen, commented on the issue and said that the harsh winter weather may have had an impact on recent economic data. Despite what some referred to as the new normal weather pattern, we are pleased to have overcome this negative impact on our business. And we’re proud to report another quarter of both improved revenue and profit. I think the key to our strategy has been to have enough business improvement initiatives in the works, so we’re not devastated by abnormal weather. We can do something about developing and implementing those programs, but nothing about the latter. Revenue for the quarter grew 4.6% which was somewhat disappointing to $313.4 million, compared to $299.7 million in the first quarter of last year.  Net income increased 11.2% to $25.8 million with EPS of $0.18 per diluted share, compared to $23.1 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the first quarter of last year. We’re definitely pleased with our conversion of profit improvement from our revenue increase. Our business historically has been built on increasing our recurring revenue. Almost 80% of the revenue we recognize each month is for scheduled services that are on the books as of the first of the month. I’d like to think of this as the gift that keeps on giving. In a sense, we’re much like the phone company or cable TV business. We worked hard last year to continue building our commercial revenue business and we saw the strength this quarter. Of this improvement, with the 6.6% growth, as Harry will explain shortly once you factor out the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange, the commercial percent revenue improvement was almost unchanged from last quarter. Our commercial customers be it large national company or a local-owned restaurant can afford to defer retaining their pest control services regardless of whether it’s a mild or severe winter. Residential sequential growth slowed similar to what we saw last year. We don’t have a lot of new customers coming into the sales funnel in the first quarter, especially with the weather we had, but still residential pest control grew a respectable 3.9%. The snow and cold weather doesn’t kill the termites but it does drive them deeper in the ground until the temperature warms. As a result, termite revenue was almost a breakeven, up 0.1%.  On a positive note, it was obvious that bed bugs don’t care about the outside temperature because it’s always warm where they live. Our bed bug business continues to grow and was up 15% for the quarter. As noted in the past our strong customer retention provides us with excellent recurring revenue and profits. These two factors coupled with our growing brand recognition, have enabled us to expand our business and allowed us to meet our financial objectives from year-to-year. In fact, this quarter represents our 32nd quarter of improved revenue and profitability, 8 years. We also believe that we have several competitive advantages. By virtue of our size we are able to reach out to existing and potential customers, nationally, locally, and internationally through traditional and social media and Internet marketing. Most of our competitors don’t benefit in this regard. Our public relations team is a major contributor to our communications effort and focus on building our brands. Last year, this team’s outreach generated approximately 264 million local and national media impressions, while positioning our company as the pest expert. These means however is just one piece of our ongoing programs to connect with the customer. Providing education to the consumer has always been at the forefront of what we do.  From the 1950s, we have been routinely providing science education by sharing our perspective on insects with young students throughout North America. Recently we created our new school pest control presentation website, which makes it easier for teachers to schedule and track the status of their presentation request. We also continue to partner with the National Science Teachers Organization, NSTA, to promote our Orkin Man school presentation program which has been highly popular and successful. Last summer we again teamed up with the Center for Disease Control and Prevention and produced a pest control and prevention tips for mosquitoes and ticks. The sound bites from this effort generated more than 5.3 million media impressions. We are partnered with the CDC since 2004 and look forward to working with them again this year on important projects. To better build stronger relationships with our customers we are generating a quarterly e-news letter, which inform recipients about Orkin, pest-related illnesses, year-around pest control and other pertinent subjects. In 2013 more than 400,000 newsletters were distributed. We’re continuing this program again this year. We believe another competitive advantage that sets our company apart is our Atlanta learning center and Tempo, our internal training and education website. The ever revolving pest related training that we provide or employees resulted on us being recognized again by Training Magazine for the 12th consecutive year is one of the top training companies in America. This year we’ve ranked 55 among the group of 125 companies, joining a very select few companies that they can say that they’ve been so recognized with this award for more than a decade. This training publication indicates that their ranking was determined by assessing a range of qualitative and quantitative factors, including financial investment and employee development, the scope of the development programs and how closely such development efforts are linked to business goals and objectives. We remain committed to continuous improvement within all of those training metrics. And each year we’re challenged to take our training up another notch. In the first quarter, usage of the Rollins management system consisted of over 42,000 log-ins and over 100,000 core selections. Our employees are benefiting professionally and most often financially from this commitment to training. I should also add that Texas A&M University announced during the quarter that Rollins employees passed the milestone of participation by completing over 10,000 online courses on termite biology and control. Texas A&M has created the industry’s best online termite control training courses. Another area we take very seriously is risk management and specifically, the safety of our employees. Recently, we have been made aware of the dangers of talking or texting while driving. Some states have a ban on handheld talking or texting, and the list is growing. On most days of the year we have over 8,000 company vehicles on the road servicing our customers around the country. Most of the drivers of these vehicles have a company cell phone and many also have a personal cell phone. We believe that there’s nothing so important that it can’t wait for one to pull over and stop to make a returning call. Rollins has therefore adopted this year a total ban on texting or talking on a cell phone while driving a company car, our personal car, while on company business. Statistics indicated distracting driving accidents have increased 100% over the last five years. And with cell phone, work-related vehicle deaths up over 35,000 individuals in the U.S. annually. We felt that this was an issue that needed to be addressed to ensure the safety of our employees and the public. As you can imagine it was not necessarily a popular decision initially, but much like enforcing seatbelt use, it’s the right thing to do. This year we have created the Rollins marketplace or what we refer to internally as our procure-to-pay initiative. The objective is to have all of our operations and brands ordering supplies online, exclusively through our marketplace. We’re already benefiting from improved efficiency and it's helping us to obtain better national contracts and improved pricing, ultimately reducing our cost. We’re continuing to advance our goal of establishing international footprint via franchises and select acquisitions. We were pleased to announce last week an agreement in principal to acquire Statewide Pest Management headquartered in Shepparton, Australia, our second acquisition in that country. This company was established in 1997 and provides services to both commercial and residential accounts in the State of Victoria, which includes metropolitan Melbourne, and reaches up into the New South Wales area. Statewide would do approximately $5 million in annual revenue. And we’re expecting to close at the end of this month and are excited to have Statewide join our company. We also established two new global franchises during the quarter, adding to our growing roster of international franchises, our first in Uruguay and our third in China. We remain committed to adding to both our international and domestic franchises. This is an exciting time for Rollins. And we’re expecting to have a good 2014. We have many opportunities to expand and improve our company. And we look forward to sharing our progress with you each quarter. I’ll now turn the call over to Harry. Harry?
Harry: Thank you, Gary. What is it lately with drama in our conference calls? Last quarter snow kept us out of the office for the call. This time, my daughter was wheeled into the delivery room about 10 minutes ago. I’m expecting the arrival of a granddaughter any minute. I may need to talk fast. Looking at the numbers, the company reported first quarter revenues of 313.4 million, an increase of 4.6% over the prior year’s first quarter revenue of 299.7 million. We experienced that growth across all of our family of brands but one, not surprisingly one based in the northeast. Overall net income increased 11.2% to 25.8 million compared to 23.2 million with EPS up 12.5% to $0.18 versus $0.16 per diluted share last year in the first quarter. A good start to New Year in less than ideal conditions. As Gary has already stressed, it is especially important for us to add recurring revenue customers to our base. I don’t want to get into any debate on global warming. However, we did see it in the first quarter again this year. With spring appearing to come later, our anticipated lead did occur as planned with slow demand. Fortunately, improved closure per set and higher average price enabled us to overcome the decreases in pest control lead, allowing us to achieve a modest growth in sales. Our termite sales team gave us a good old college try, achieved higher closure and higher average price but could not quite overcome the double digit decrease in termite lead. Overall we continue to see improved customer satisfaction and retention, key indicators over the long-term health of our service. Strategically, Rollins decided to focus on our commercial pest control business back in the 90s after selling off all of our non-pest control businesses, home security, maid service, lawn care. Today, we have become the largest commercial pest control provider in North America, representing nearly 43% of our business. In total, commercial pest control grew 6.6% in the first quarter, 7.3% excluding fumigation. Fumigation was up 8.4% in the quarter. That was mostly due to the large grain operators who typically schedule their fumigations over long weekend. Easter this year falls in April versus March last year. We closed the Australian Allpest acquisition in late February, which contributed some revenue to the quarter. However, it was offset by a significant weaker Canadian dollar this year. Our residential pest control business, having long been the cornerstone of our company and represents almost 39% of our business, had nearly 4,000 less calls in the first quarter this year. But thanks to the recurring revenue base built over the last year, still grew 3.9%. The sequential decrease in growth from the fourth quarter was a drop of 1.9% versus 2.5% last year. The residential business is the most pest-problem-dependent as a potential customer usually waits till they have a sighting, picks up the phone or goes to the computer and contacts us.  Fortunately, not all of our brands are as dependent on leads. Much of HomeTeam’s new business is driven by new home construction. Though the new home housing start slowdown has been widely reported, we are fortunate that we are located in stronger housing markets. It’s hard to think a 7.7% growth in installs start was a slow quarter, but it was far better than the industry at large. We were pleased with our almost 19,000 new installs this quarter. HomeTeam was able to overcome the smaller incremental installs and had some nice margin improvement. Let’s not forget termite, which is the most seasonal of our service lines and represents less than 17% of our business. While 50% of the revenue from the service offering is recurring, i.e. the annual renewal payments, the other 50% is not, and whether in the termite reproduction cycle has a definite impact on the annual swarm season. I’m not an entomologist, but I do know that termites like warm weather to get amorous, grow wings and reproduce. This quarter, we saw a large double digit decrease in leads. But fortunately, our termite sales force has some ancillary services, installation, dry zone, et cetera, to sell. Termite revenues were up one-tenth of 1% aided by Australia. Without the first time revenues of termite from Australia, our termite revenues actually fell domestically 1.1%. You have to go back to the first quarter of 2008 to see a more disappointing quarter for termites. For those interested in our bed bug business, it was up 15% to $11.6 million. 35% of that business today is residential, 65% commercial. Bed bugs do tend to be more active as the year goes, so be on the lookout and remember, they have no preference on spread count. Gross margin for the quarter improved to 48.5% for the first quarter versus 48.1% in the prior year. The quarter benefited from lower fleet costs due to gains and disposal of vehicles and good cost control spread across most expense line. This more than offsets from productivity losses, as we geared up our termite technicians for a spring that was delayed. Frankly, you can wait and see what happens in the first quarter before staffing and training. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased slightly, 320,000 totaling 10.2 million. Depreciation was 3.3 million and amortization of intangible was 6.9 million. For the full year amortization of intangibles typically from the value assigned to acquire customer contract will represent a significant after tax non-cash charge of $0.12 this year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased 1.5 million or 1.5% to 32.1% of revenues decreasing from 33.1% from last year. The decrease in cost as a percent of sales is due to reductions made in administrative salaries reflecting realignment of some of our operations and cost containment programs initiated at the corporate offices late last year. Income before income taxes was up 17.7% in the quarter, but unfortunately the tax rate for the quarter climbed over last year coming in at 37.7% for the quarter, where I expect it to remain for the time being. As a result, our net income was up only 11.2%. Our balance sheet remains strong. Despite our best efforts to reinvest more heavily in our business, spending 53.6 million on acquisition of companies in the quarter, we still ended the quarter with 83 million in cash and no debt. We’re confident that there are other great pest control companies to pursue. The deal pipeline is the strongest we have seen in some time. Another interesting facet of this business was working capital, which remain negative despite our strong cash position. We continue to have more customers prepay us for services, $98.5 million in current unearned revenue than those who owe us for current services 72.7 million in trade receivable. What a great business. On another note, we were pleased to have been advised last week that Rollins has once again been selected to the Barron’s 400 Index. This marks the seventh time we have been chosen to the index since its conception in 1997. According to Barron, only about 6% of all North American publicly listed companies are selected to the Barron’s 400 on the basis of their fundamental standing. This underscores the overall strength of our company’s financial result and its great prospect. Before I turn the call back to Gary, let me express our appreciation and thank you to all our associates and others whose hard work and dedication contributed to a challenging quarter and are committed to producing another record year. We also thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support. Global warming or not, spring has arrived, the phones are ringing, and we’re very excited about our prospects for the balance of 2014. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Gary.
Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. What is it lately with drama in our conference calls? Last quarter snow kept us out of the office for the call. This time, my daughter was wheeled into the delivery room about 10 minutes ago. I’m expecting the arrival of a granddaughter any minute. I may need to talk fast. Looking at the numbers, the company reported first quarter revenues of 313.4 million, an increase of 4.6% over the prior year’s first quarter revenue of 299.7 million. We experienced that growth across all of our family of brands but one, not surprisingly one based in the northeast. Overall net income increased 11.2% to 25.8 million compared to 23.2 million with EPS up 12.5% to $0.18 versus $0.16 per diluted share last year in the first quarter. A good start to New Year in less than ideal conditions. As Gary has already stressed, it is especially important for us to add recurring revenue customers to our base. I don’t want to get into any debate on global warming. However, we did see it in the first quarter again this year. With spring appearing to come later, our anticipated lead did occur as planned with slow demand. Fortunately, improved closure per set and higher average price enabled us to overcome the decreases in pest control lead, allowing us to achieve a modest growth in sales. Our termite sales team gave us a good old college try, achieved higher closure and higher average price but could not quite overcome the double digit decrease in termite lead. Overall we continue to see improved customer satisfaction and retention, key indicators over the long-term health of our service. Strategically, Rollins decided to focus on our commercial pest control business back in the 90s after selling off all of our non-pest control businesses, home security, maid service, lawn care. Today, we have become the largest commercial pest control provider in North America, representing nearly 43% of our business. In total, commercial pest control grew 6.6% in the first quarter, 7.3% excluding fumigation. Fumigation was up 8.4% in the quarter. That was mostly due to the large grain operators who typically schedule their fumigations over long weekend. Easter this year falls in April versus March last year. We closed the Australian Allpest acquisition in late February, which contributed some revenue to the quarter. However, it was offset by a significant weaker Canadian dollar this year. Our residential pest control business, having long been the cornerstone of our company and represents almost 39% of our business, had nearly 4,000 less calls in the first quarter this year. But thanks to the recurring revenue base built over the last year, still grew 3.9%. The sequential decrease in growth from the fourth quarter was a drop of 1.9% versus 2.5% last year. The residential business is the most pest-problem-dependent as a potential customer usually waits till they have a sighting, picks up the phone or goes to the computer and contacts us.  Fortunately, not all of our brands are as dependent on leads. Much of HomeTeam’s new business is driven by new home construction. Though the new home housing start slowdown has been widely reported, we are fortunate that we are located in stronger housing markets. It’s hard to think a 7.7% growth in installs start was a slow quarter, but it was far better than the industry at large. We were pleased with our almost 19,000 new installs this quarter. HomeTeam was able to overcome the smaller incremental installs and had some nice margin improvement. Let’s not forget termite, which is the most seasonal of our service lines and represents less than 17% of our business. While 50% of the revenue from the service offering is recurring, i.e. the annual renewal payments, the other 50% is not, and whether in the termite reproduction cycle has a definite impact on the annual swarm season. I’m not an entomologist, but I do know that termites like warm weather to get amorous, grow wings and reproduce. This quarter, we saw a large double digit decrease in leads. But fortunately, our termite sales force has some ancillary services, installation, dry zone, et cetera, to sell. Termite revenues were up one-tenth of 1% aided by Australia. Without the first time revenues of termite from Australia, our termite revenues actually fell domestically 1.1%. You have to go back to the first quarter of 2008 to see a more disappointing quarter for termites. For those interested in our bed bug business, it was up 15% to $11.6 million. 35% of that business today is residential, 65% commercial. Bed bugs do tend to be more active as the year goes, so be on the lookout and remember, they have no preference on spread count. Gross margin for the quarter improved to 48.5% for the first quarter versus 48.1% in the prior year. The quarter benefited from lower fleet costs due to gains and disposal of vehicles and good cost control spread across most expense line. This more than offsets from productivity losses, as we geared up our termite technicians for a spring that was delayed. Frankly, you can wait and see what happens in the first quarter before staffing and training. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased slightly, 320,000 totaling 10.2 million. Depreciation was 3.3 million and amortization of intangible was 6.9 million. For the full year amortization of intangibles typically from the value assigned to acquire customer contract will represent a significant after tax non-cash charge of $0.12 this year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased 1.5 million or 1.5% to 32.1% of revenues decreasing from 33.1% from last year. The decrease in cost as a percent of sales is due to reductions made in administrative salaries reflecting realignment of some of our operations and cost containment programs initiated at the corporate offices late last year. Income before income taxes was up 17.7% in the quarter, but unfortunately the tax rate for the quarter climbed over last year coming in at 37.7% for the quarter, where I expect it to remain for the time being. As a result, our net income was up only 11.2%. Our balance sheet remains strong. Despite our best efforts to reinvest more heavily in our business, spending 53.6 million on acquisition of companies in the quarter, we still ended the quarter with 83 million in cash and no debt. We’re confident that there are other great pest control companies to pursue. The deal pipeline is the strongest we have seen in some time. Another interesting facet of this business was working capital, which remain negative despite our strong cash position. We continue to have more customers prepay us for services, $98.5 million in current unearned revenue than those who owe us for current services 72.7 million in trade receivable. What a great business. On another note, we were pleased to have been advised last week that Rollins has once again been selected to the Barron’s 400 Index. This marks the seventh time we have been chosen to the index since its conception in 1997. According to Barron, only about 6% of all North American publicly listed companies are selected to the Barron’s 400 on the basis of their fundamental standing. This underscores the overall strength of our company’s financial result and its great prospect. Before I turn the call back to Gary, let me express our appreciation and thank you to all our associates and others whose hard work and dedication contributed to a challenging quarter and are committed to producing another record year. We also thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support. Global warming or not, spring has arrived, the phones are ringing, and we’re very excited about our prospects for the balance of 2014. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary: Thank you, Harry. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.  
Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.  
Question: 
and: 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we’ll begin our question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Jamie Clement with Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement: Can you hear me?
Sidoti & Company: Can you hear me?
Gary:  Yes.
Rollins:  Yes.
Jamie Clement: Okay. Good morning.
Sidoti & Company: Okay. Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Hey, Jamie. Welcome back.
Jamie Clement: I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. The warm weather will help me. Although we have not seen it yet, although I did see some ads recently. Anyway, I wanted to ask about the -- another new partnership you announced with the CDC, there’ve been a couple over the years. Mosquito is obviously a real problem in this country, particularly with respect to West Nile virus. I think the city of Dallas obviously had a real rough situation last summer. Are there better protocols in place from a mosquito control perspective that you feel you can offer the public? Or is it a little too early to really comment on that sort of thing, and the outcome of any kind of relationship with CDC?
Sidoti & Company: I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. The warm weather will help me. Although we have not seen it yet, although I did see some ads recently. Anyway, I wanted to ask about the -- another new partnership you announced with the CDC, there’ve been a couple over the years. Mosquito is obviously a real problem in this country, particularly with respect to West Nile virus. I think the city of Dallas obviously had a real rough situation last summer. Are there better protocols in place from a mosquito control perspective that you feel you can offer the public? Or is it a little too early to really comment on that sort of thing, and the outcome of any kind of relationship with CDC?
Gary Rollins: Jamie, the protocols have not improved or changed to a great degree. I guess the application equipment of the blowers have improved, I think which has helped improve productivity. And then really the application process, but there’s new, no new wonder chemical that’s come out that’s drastically changed mosquito control.
Jamie Clement: Gary, I mean, would you – in years past, and I’m going to rely on your experience here, is awareness caused by, last summer’s mosquito situation. Is that something would tend to help a company like yours the following year?
Sidoti & Company: Gary, I mean, would you – in years past, and I’m going to rely on your experience here, is awareness caused by, last summer’s mosquito situation. Is that something would tend to help a company like yours the following year?
Gary:  Well, I think to some degree. I think you really got the big lift last year. I think what changed is that the reason -- my interpretation of the data is that you have satisfied customers and they tell their neighbor. And we are -- automatically we assume that the last year’s customer’s going to continue and have a very-very high retention rate of the customers. But I think it works. I mean, and people talking at parties and so forth that they got their backyard back. And I think it’s a very effective and beneficial service. I think that’s more -- you’re going to have publicity as a result of West Nile virus but our experience is, I think been more just the general knowledge of the consumer and the fact that it really works well.
Rollins:  Well, I think to some degree. I think you really got the big lift last year. I think what changed is that the reason -- my interpretation of the data is that you have satisfied customers and they tell their neighbor. And we are -- automatically we assume that the last year’s customer’s going to continue and have a very-very high retention rate of the customers. But I think it works. I mean, and people talking at parties and so forth that they got their backyard back. And I think it’s a very effective and beneficial service. I think that’s more -- you’re going to have publicity as a result of West Nile virus but our experience is, I think been more just the general knowledge of the consumer and the fact that it really works well.
Harry Cynkus: It is one service – I think it has the highest retention numbers of any of our service offerings. So, we have proven to our customers over and over again that we provide a very effective mosquito service but there’s still high skepticism and I think it’ll make up less than 2% of our business last year, probably under 20 million in revenue or around 20 million in revenue.
Gary: And one other good aspect of it is it helps us get pest control, ongoing pest control.
Rollins: And one other good aspect of it is it helps us get pest control, ongoing pest control.
Jamie Clement: Sure. Free advertising.
Sidoti & Company: Sure. Free advertising.
Gary: Yeah. It gives us a nose in the tent, so to speak. And it’s the only service that I can ever remember where people make speeches on your behalf at a neighborhood barbeque. I think it’s just the customers just really love it and it works.
Rollins: Yeah. It gives us a nose in the tent, so to speak. And it’s the only service that I can ever remember where people make speeches on your behalf at a neighborhood barbeque. I think it’s just the customers just really love it and it works.
Harry Cynkus: We don’t like to brag, but we got rid of their bed bugs.
Jamie Clement: Okay.
Sidoti & Company: Okay.
Harry: I always mention about that.
Cynkus: I always mention about that.
Jamie Clement: I will get back in the queue and allow others to ask questions. Thanks very much for your time as always.
Sidoti & Company: I will get back in the queue and allow others to ask questions. Thanks very much for your time as always.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from the line of Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe Box : Good morning, Gary, and...
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, Gary, and...
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Joe Box :  Congrats, Harry, on the birth of your second grandchild.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Congrats, Harry, on the birth of your second grandchild.
Harry Cynkus: Yes, still waiting here for the text. It should be coming soon.
Joe Box : Great, good for you. Just a question for you on the operating margin. Obviously, pretty solid, up 140 basis points year-over-year. And then up 40 basis points from 1Q '12 which I know is exceptionally strong. Can you maybe just give us a sense of some of the bigger drivers that were behind the leverage in the quarter?
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, good for you. Just a question for you on the operating margin. Obviously, pretty solid, up 140 basis points year-over-year. And then up 40 basis points from 1Q '12 which I know is exceptionally strong. Can you maybe just give us a sense of some of the bigger drivers that were behind the leverage in the quarter?
Harry Cynkus:  Yeah. In analyzing it, we saw just about every expense item as a percentage of revenue actually decreased a little. I mean, we I think put in some good -- and have always had good cost controls. But everyone was certainly focused on it in the first quarter with the revenue not coming on with the cold weather. So, I think people were conscious about not getting free with the spending. I think that the one that was a little more significant that I mentioned was on the fleet side, 3 years ago we switched from being primarily closed end leases to open end leases. And so, we’re starting to turn over some of those, the higher-mileage vehicles. And quite frankly, we’ve had some nice gains and the sales -- the used small pickup truck market is strong. And that probably was the only thing that really popped out noteworthy. And then -- going the opposite direction our termite service wages were high simply because the termite revenue didn’t come in, and you start adding the people because we have to find them, hire them, and train them. So we expect -- we’ll continue to focus on cost containment and the fleet can be somewhat variable, but more and more vehicles will be coming off, open-end leases where we’ll have the opportunity if the market stays strong.
Joe Box : Understood, thanks for that. One last one, then I’ll turn it over. Gary, I think you said earlier that you’re a bit disappointed with the revenue growth that you saw in 1Q. I know that this is going to be tough to measure, but is there some way you could try to quantify the weather impact? And then going forward, did you see a nice snap back as the weather broke. And maybe if you could just give some commentary on where leads are trending by business to give us a sense of that snap back.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Understood, thanks for that. One last one, then I’ll turn it over. Gary, I think you said earlier that you’re a bit disappointed with the revenue growth that you saw in 1Q. I know that this is going to be tough to measure, but is there some way you could try to quantify the weather impact? And then going forward, did you see a nice snap back as the weather broke. And maybe if you could just give some commentary on where leads are trending by business to give us a sense of that snap back.
Gary Rollins: The best way -- and we’ve tried to chase this weather situation for decades. But I think we have the best impact now in using Google’s word searches that you can see. You’ve got a relatively stable data and that can tell you how many hits that they have on termites, how many they had on roaches, how many, the key pest. And I think that’s probably the best way we have of measuring demand. And then it’s been very helpful because without some way of trying to determine this, you could discontinue a winning advertising campaign or you could stick with a not too effective advertising campaign because you had great weather. So, we’re feeling better about using that as a barometer. We used to look at retail sales of aerosols and things like that. So, Nielsen had statistics on how well Raid sold and Decon and those kind of things. But that was kind of -- certainly there was a big lag, time lies with that. And compared to the Google approach I think it was just not as effective.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah. We’ve looked at, and I don’t know how accurate this is. I heard it in a hallway conversation yesterday that one of the things as Gary just said is we look at Google searches and use that as a barometer for how we’re doing. And I think the number I heard that termite Google searches were down 25% in the first quarter, and we were down 25%. So, I guess I should feel good about that, but a double-digit decrease is always hard to overcome. We haven’t really put numbers, I can’t tell you if it’s 1% or 2%, that our revenue would have been better off if the weather was XYZ. But it had an impact, but the beauty and the strength of this business comes from the recurring revenue. And the business -- largest service line is commercial business and if you have a restaurant, it doesn’t matter if it’s January or June. You don’t want the cockroach going across the dining room floor. So, I would say from a commercial standpoint, maybe there was some specials we didn’t do because it was cold, certainly impacted the fumigation business. That costs us probably half a point. Could have been -- termite could have been up 2%, 3% instead of down way percent. So, it could have added up 1% to 2%.
Gary:  Well there is one positive about cold weather and that’s that the rats move in. So, there’s a lot of moving parts in this business and we just try to interpret to data as well as we can, but the rodent calls do go up as it gets colder.
Rollins:  Well there is one positive about cold weather and that’s that the rats move in. So, there’s a lot of moving parts in this business and we just try to interpret to data as well as we can, but the rodent calls do go up as it gets colder.
Joe Box : Understood. Thanks guys, and nice job on a tough weather environment.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Understood. Thanks guys, and nice job on a tough weather environment.
Gary: Thank you.
Rollins: Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions)
Gary: Okay, I don’t think we've got any other people who want to ask questions.
Rollins: Okay, I don’t think we've got any other people who want to ask questions.
Operator:  I do apologize, I am showing we do have some.
Harry Cynkus: Yes, we do.
Gary: Okay.
Rollins: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Clement with Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Jamie:  Hey, Gary and Harry. Hello again. Gary, I wanted to -- you mentioned new home starts with respect to HomeTeam. Obviously, my understanding is that you don’t make a heck of a lot of money installing the Taexx tubes into the walls, but it’s really about fundamentally those homes being sold and moved into and those customers becoming recurring revenue customers. So, how has that process looked as housing construction started in earnest, let’s say, two years ago or so? A lot of those, some of those homes have been sold, some of them haven’t yet. How has that HomeTeam business playing out from a timing perspective and are you pleased?
Clement:  Hey, Gary and Harry. Hello again. Gary, I wanted to -- you mentioned new home starts with respect to HomeTeam. Obviously, my understanding is that you don’t make a heck of a lot of money installing the Taexx tubes into the walls, but it’s really about fundamentally those homes being sold and moved into and those customers becoming recurring revenue customers. So, how has that process looked as housing construction started in earnest, let’s say, two years ago or so? A lot of those, some of those homes have been sold, some of them haven’t yet. How has that HomeTeam business playing out from a timing perspective and are you pleased?
- Sidoti & Company:  Hey, Gary and Harry. Hello again. Gary, I wanted to -- you mentioned new home starts with respect to HomeTeam. Obviously, my understanding is that you don’t make a heck of a lot of money installing the Taexx tubes into the walls, but it’s really about fundamentally those homes being sold and moved into and those customers becoming recurring revenue customers. So, how has that process looked as housing construction started in earnest, let’s say, two years ago or so? A lot of those, some of those homes have been sold, some of them haven’t yet. How has that HomeTeam business playing out from a timing perspective and are you pleased?
Gary: I think the telling orders will be Q2, Q3. Last year, we did 81,000 new installs spread across during the year. Whether you’ve installed, with the system installed, typically when the house is sold, it doesn’t necessarily automatically get turned on.
Rollins: I think the telling orders will be Q2, Q3. Last year, we did 81,000 new installs spread across during the year. Whether you’ve installed, with the system installed, typically when the house is sold, it doesn’t necessarily automatically get turned on.
Jamie: Right.
Clement: Right.
- Sidoti & Company: Right.
Gary: Just like our regular customers who usually is an event (ph), that will drive them to the phone. So, they didn’t see the pest pressure in those homes in the first quarter. I think their -- I don’t have the number in front of me, I want to say their growth of new customers in Q1 might have been about 6%. But last year, their installs were up 30%. So, but we again, we didn’t have the pest pressure in January, February and March. So I would -- we would expect to see some very strong new customer acquisition in Q2 and Q3 at HomeTeam. They have a pretty much lock in that customer. If that customer wants pest control and someone else calls on them, they don’t have the key to the box. So, we’re waiting for them. We’re reaching out to them, and I think it pretends well for HomeTeam’s future with the growing customer base that they've built.
Rollins: Just like our regular customers who usually is an event (ph), that will drive them to the phone. So, they didn’t see the pest pressure in those homes in the first quarter. I think their -- I don’t have the number in front of me, I want to say their growth of new customers in Q1 might have been about 6%. But last year, their installs were up 30%. So, but we again, we didn’t have the pest pressure in January, February and March. So I would -- we would expect to see some very strong new customer acquisition in Q2 and Q3 at HomeTeam. They have a pretty much lock in that customer. If that customer wants pest control and someone else calls on them, they don’t have the key to the box. So, we’re waiting for them. We’re reaching out to them, and I think it pretends well for HomeTeam’s future with the growing customer base that they've built.
Harry Cynkus: One other good aspect about HomeTeam is the retention is greater of those people that take the pest control service, because they’ve made an investment. I mean they feel like they own, and they do. I mean they own the system. So, I think that makes a stickier customer, and then also the fact that you can apply the materials from the outside and you don’t -- if there’s not a problem inside, this is just more convenient. So, this is really a very good customer for us when they do sign up.
Jamie: Okay. Thank you very much for the additional color. Appreciate it.
Clement: Okay. Thank you very much for the additional color. Appreciate it.
- Sidoti & Company: Okay. Thank you very much for the additional color. Appreciate it.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Sean Kim with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Kim - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Gary: Good morning.
Rollins: Good morning.
Sean Kim - RBC Capital Markets: Two questions, first -- over the past few years you’ve implemented new pricing tools for both the residential and the commercial side. Should we expect anything in terms of new pricing actions this year, whether for residential or commercial? And can you quantify what that impact might potentially be?
Harry Cynkus:  Well, as we do every year, we test the pricing in January and February and analyze it in March and April to determine what kind of price increase we may be passing along. The initial results I’m told from this year’s test has shown no change in elasticity. So, the executive team will be meeting here shortly to determine the actual pricing action that we will take. Sure there will be a price increase that will be rolled out in June and July. The pricing tools on the commercial side already have been rolled out. The initial numbers I’ve seen this first quarter, we’ve seen improved pricing, average pricing. We haven’t really I haven’t seen any deep dive analytics out of the analytic team as yet, but on a very top level basis, our average price has gone up. So we’re encouraged that the -- there’s no reason why those tools, if we use them and keep the discipline in place, forcing people to use them and manage them that shouldn’t yield stronger results. I don’t see really any, directionally any change in what we’ve been able to do historically when it comes to pricing.
Gary: One of the things that you have a second facet when you make that new sale and we do have pricing tools that are very helpful, especially commercial wise, especially to the new employees that it just gives them a better perspective as to how to price properly. But the other side of the equation is closure. And that works both for the commercial, as well as the residential through our call centers. And with a zip plus four, we really have a better way of analyzing the demographics. And in some instances, if we get the kind of closure lift that we want, you might have a 5% price decrease, but we’ve got a wonderful situation with our call center because we can measure closure and average price and all. I mean, it’s like a laboratory. We don’t have to rely on the data being passed down the line from 400 branches. So, we’re very -- we’re as excited about closure improvement as we are average price improving.
Rollins: One of the things that you have a second facet when you make that new sale and we do have pricing tools that are very helpful, especially commercial wise, especially to the new employees that it just gives them a better perspective as to how to price properly. But the other side of the equation is closure. And that works both for the commercial, as well as the residential through our call centers. And with a zip plus four, we really have a better way of analyzing the demographics. And in some instances, if we get the kind of closure lift that we want, you might have a 5% price decrease, but we’ve got a wonderful situation with our call center because we can measure closure and average price and all. I mean, it’s like a laboratory. We don’t have to rely on the data being passed down the line from 400 branches. So, we’re very -- we’re as excited about closure improvement as we are average price improving.
Harry Cynkus: One of the tools, I’m not sure everyone is aware of it that we did roll out in the first quarter in the residential side, we’ve been pricing by zip code. I think that goes back five, six years. And we took that to the next level where it’s zip code plus four, so we can drill down into better data by -- within a large zip code, the demographics can change pretty dramatically. So, we think we can better price, come up with a better price per neighborhood than we have in the past. And I think that could very well be one of the things that are helping us in our closure that we’re pricing it more accurately into the neighborhood.
Gary Rollins: You don’t like to have an answer that we don’t know. Certainly, it doesn’t make me feel very comfortable in my position. But closure is impacted. We know that our use of HomeSuite and BizSuite on our iPads and all is improving closure, because we’re making a more professional presentation and especially for new employees, again, that it just gives them a roadmap to make a very professional presentation. So, it’s kind of hard to decide how much is HomeSuite and BizSuite have to do with closure, how much is better more finite pricing during the closure. And when I made the comment in the presentation, our idea is to keep coming out with these new programs that we know will make a contribution and not be weather dependent. And I think part of the reason we have such a good quarter was with a big lead decrease is that these individual initiatives are working.
Sean Kim - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you, that’s really helpful. Just one last first question regarding acquisitions, it seems like the pipeline is building. You just bought two companies in Australia. Can you talk about -- going forward are you focusing in terms of M&A in Australia, in the U.S.? Where are you focusing on and when can we sort of see, I guess the next wave of acquisitions?
Harry Cynkus: I think the pipeline is strong here in the states as well. Healthcare cost continues to rise for everyone. It certainly has a bigger impact on the regional and smaller pest control companies. And I think they’re seeing that, and that higher cost comes directly out of that owner’s pocket. And they don’t necessarily know how to – or don’t feel they can necessarily pass it along. But in addition to that, I think something else that we are seeing or realizing and feeling is that the larger companies that can take advantage of the Internet are gaining an advantage, I had someone recently tell me that the business has changed, and a lot of the pest control companies have been in are late second-generation companies. And the way you acquire customers has changed. And the smaller company isn’t keeping up with social media and Twitter and LinkedIn and search engine optimization and all the other buzzwords. And I think they’re getting -- some of them are coming to a realization that times have changed and it might be better, it might be a good time to move on. So, we shall see, but we’re encouraged with the number of inquiries and us reaching out and touching people that we might see a pickup in acquisitions here in the States.
Gary Rollins: I think you make a good point, Harry. Yellow Pages just doesn’t do the same job it did five years ago, the conventional media, radio and television. People are buying different, people are shopping differently than they were before. And I think what happens to these smaller companies is they try to get involved in the internet and they find out it’s very expensive. And they don’t see a lot of improvement and they leave. So there's a quite a bit of churn in the internet as far as these small to medium sized companies. So I think, Harry, you hit it on the head. Things are just different than they were before and it’s very difficult for them to compete with social media.
Sean Kim - RBC Capital Markets: All right, great. Thanks for the color. Thanks, both of you.
Operator: And I’m showing no further questions in the queue. Please continue.
Gary: Okay. No more questions. Well, we’d like to thank you again for joining us. And we’re excited about having another good year and we look forward to sharing with you our results next quarter. So, thanks again.
Rollins: Okay. No more questions. Well, we’d like to thank you again for joining us. And we’re excited about having another good year and we look forward to sharing with you our results next quarter. So, thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilyn Meek – Investor Relations Gary W. Rollins – Vice Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Harry J. Cynkus – Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President & Treasurer
Analyst : Joe Box – Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc. Sun-Il Kim – RBC Capital Markets, LLC Dan Dolev – Jefferies, LLC.  Welcome to the Rollins fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call on the 29th of January, 2014. Throughout today’s recorded presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions) I will now hand the conference over to Marilyn Meek.
Marilyn Meek : By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you’re on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-406-7325 with the passcode 4660653. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.IFC.com and a reply will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Harry, please begin.
Harry J. Cynkus : We appreciate all of you joining us on our fourth quarter and year end 2013 conference call. Let me read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings including the risk factors section of our Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Gary W. Rollins : As a matter of information, Atlanta is closed due to snow and Harry and I are calling in from home so we don’t have all of our notes. Nonetheless it certainly gives me a great deal of pleasure to get to be redundant this morning in reporting that we’ve again achieved record revenues and profits for both the fourth quarter and a full year 2013. This marks our 16th consecutive year of increasing revenue and profit. Please keep in mind that this has been through two recessions. This accomplishment is the result of our program execution and the Rollins’ teams’ commitment to continuous improvement in all primary areas of our business.  We saw strong demand for our services in the fourth quarter where we had double digit lead and sale growth in both commercial and residential. For the quarter revenues increased 6% to $324.7 million and net income increased 22% to $28 million. I think this makes it our highest increase in net income since the quarter in 2012.  All of our business lines experienced good growth during the quarter with residential pest control up 5.7%, commercial pest control continues to lead the pack growing 6.7%, and this makes the strongest increase that we’ve had in commercial since the second quarter of 2011. Termite continues to perform well rising 4.7%. Revenue for the full year was over $3.334 billion and net income rose 10.8% to $123.3 million.    We haven’t discussed bed bugs for a while. Although media attention has scaled back, the fact is that bed bugs have not gone away and our bed bug business continues to grow. In the fourth quarter revenues were over $14 million, almost close to 33% increase over last. For the full year, this business grew over 21% to more than $50 million. We continue to look at new products and technologies for bed bug treatment and identification. However, today no one has found a silver bullet.  Home teams’ tubes in the wall pest prevention installation remains strong having risen 23% in the quarter. The total installs for the full year rising almost 36% to approximately $85,200. Over the last two years home team has installed over 143,000 tubes in the wall systems. The investment that we’ve made in these new home installations position home team for a stream of recurring revenue as long as long term profitability when these homes are sold and home owners activate their systems.  We do not expect the same rate of growth for installations in 2014. Based on recent home building forecasts for the year, it indicates and anticipated slowing of new home construction. Having said that, Metro Studies Home Building 2014 outlook ranked the 100 largest new home markets. Home team and its field of partners are in 17 of the top 20 markets. This should be beneficial to us even if the industry overall proves to be less than robust than last year.  We’re especially pleased that our customer satisfaction scores improved again this past year confirming that our programs in this area are paying off. Our net promoter results improved over 2012 among survey customers that say they’re extremely likely or very likely to recommend our services. Not unexpectedly, we also experienced a drop in unsatisfied customers. While we were happy to see an improvement in these results, we are well aware that today’s consumers have high expectations as they keep raising the bar and so must we. As I’ve said before, we don’t spend much time looking in the rear view mirror but rather a focus on where we need to be and that is always improving our service to our customers. These surveys will continue to be a major confirmation for all brands to measure our progress in this area. We continue to expand our marketing and rebranding initiatives that we refer to, this campaign is taking pest control down to a science.  As an element of this initiative in the fourth quarter, Orkin introduced our new commercial service program that we market as precision protection. This program is directed primarily to the food processing hospitality, restaurant, and healthcare industries. This commercial branding ties with our pest control down to the science theme and helps us differentiate Orkin from the competition through more concise and more scientific treatments.  As the industry leader we have the advantage of seeking the leading edge of new technology. Last year was no exception. In fact, many of our technological initiatives have had a significant impact on the success we achieved including our introduction of our home suite and biz suite of iPad applications which are enabling our residential and commercial sales inspectors to better describe the need for our services and describe the services that we will be delivering specific to their home or business all of which improve our closure and sales. We’re also making progress with our CRM branch administrative operating system. The testing they were conducting in a number of different business environments is going well and we remain encouraged by what we’ve seen. You may recall earlier this year that we brought on a senior level director with substantial CRM system development and implementation experience. He’s been a wonderful addition to our project team and the impact has been noteworthy. When completed this operating system will be interfacing with virtually every system in our organization from payroll, to human resources, to our fleet system, general ledger, and so forth. Admittedly this endeavor has taken longer than we would have liked but we believe once fully implemented this service suite will be a real game changer for our company. As a reminder, all of our pest control companies will ultimately be on this operating system with slight modification to address specific brand differences. We’re fortunate to have some of the best people in the industry as part of our Rollins team, so it came as no surprise when Greg Baumann, Vice President of Training and Technical Service was inducted into pest management professionals’ hall of fame class of 2013. The hall of fame was established in 1997 and recognizes those who have led and continue to lead the pest industry management to new heights. Congratulations Greg, and thanks for all you do for the company.  We continue to build on our international franchise portfolio having added four franchises to our roster last year: one in the Middle East; and three in the Caribbean, for a total of 26 international franchises in nine regions of the world. We’ve now taken an even bigger step internationally. I hope all of you had an opportunity to see our press release last week announcing that we have signed a definite purchase agreement to acquire All Pest in Western Australia.  I’d like to take a minute to provide you with a little background on All Pest and why we’re excited to have them join our family of brands. This strategic acquisition provides us with a platform to enter an important international market that has a stable government. Also, they have the same language and a comparable culture. All Pest is headquartered in Perth with operations throughout Western Australia.  When Greg Mills acquired the company in 1998 there were only four employees and since that time he and his team have built the business significantly. Today they have over 170 employees, and last year All Pest had revenues of approximately $25 million US while generating considerable profit and cash flow. This company has a strong presence in the western region with a 25% market share there. We will enjoy plenty of opportunity to provide pest control services primarily to four sectors, the largest of which is oil and gas followed by commercial, residential, and fumigation. It’s noteworthy that All Pest is highly respected in their industry earning pest manager of the year for 2012 and ’13 by the Association of the Australian Professional Pest Management Industry for Western Australia. We’re looking forward to working with Greg and his team.  Pricing has always been one of the key factors in our business and we continue to seek ways to improve this important facet. We are currently in the process of rolling out a new residential pest control rate card with a zip plus four application that will help us better ensure that we are pricing our new residential sales more effectively. Additionally, we continue to refine our sophisticated iPad initial pricing application for our commercial account managers. Initial pricing and existing price increases are so important that we have now put in place our own analytics pricing team. Going forward, they will lead our effort for pricing across all brands as well as help us to gain greater leverage from our customer data and improve our ability to make better fact based decisions.  While we’re pleased with what we accomplished last year and we know we have many opportunities to improve our business in the future. Bugs are not going to go away and we have a premium brand that is recognized around the world plus other specialty brands that are well known in their markets. We will continue to look for better ways to do what we do in providing our customers with premier services that addresses their pest control requirements.  We’re energized and excited about these opportunities and look forward to another successful year. I’ll now turn the call over to you, Harry.
Harry J. Cynkus : Thank you all for joining us on the call. I think it was Zig Ziglar who said, “It’s not where you start it’s where you finish that counts.” This year in the first quarter we didn’t get off the start line very quickly, but the victor in the race is not the one who necessarily starts off the fastest, but the one who leads at the finish. The stickler outlasts the sprinter in life’s race. We never lost sight of our goals for the year and it’s with great pleasure, put another record year in the book. Let’s talk about the quarter’s performance. Today, we reported revenues of $324.7 million representing 6% revenue growth. Net income increased 22% to $28 million or $0.19 per diluted share compared to $22.9 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the same period in 2012. Year-to-date revenue is $1,337,000,000 a 5.2% increase. Net income for the full year has increased 10.8%, another year of growing net income at 10% to $123.3 million or $0.84 per diluted share with EBITDA coming in at $231 million.  Our guidance for next year, which shouldn’t be a surprise, we can do better and we’re planning on it. Let’s talk about revenue. Harry has already shared with you that we saw strong demand for our services in the fourth quarter and it was strong right through the end of December. With the one exception of Waltham located in the Northeast, we saw revenue across all brands, all service lines, and possibly all bug groups. Well, certainly bed bugs.  [Inaudible] that drive our revenues: lead; pricing; closure; and retention remain strong and improved in the quarter. Last year at this time I said with 42% of our revenues being commercial pest control it’s good to see it regaining its momentum. All it has done this year has continued to gain momentum. This past quarter it grew 6.7% not impacted by our fumigation this quarter as fumigation was up 7.5%. However, it was impacted somewhat by the weakening Canadian dollar. If you look at just our domestic commercial pest control service it was up 8.1%. Now that’s momentum.  Our residential pest control continues to shine growing 5.7% for the quarter representing 41% of our business. The beauty of our business model is recurring revenues, combine that with growth in your customer base waiting for their services next year, and we feel pretty good going into next year. We don’t lose any sleep like the retailers of the world worrying about getting business to walk back in the door. The fourth quarter is not a big lead quarter, but 10% lead growth is sweet.  Harry has already touched on our improving customer satisfaction scores which translate into improved retention rates not just for our residential pest control but across all service lines. Our terminate and ancillary services grew 4.7% for the quarter and represents almost 17% of revenues. While seasonally influenced, half of this revenue is recurring in nature coming from year round monitoring and through annual renewal fees recognized ratably over the course a year.  The fourth quarter ended strong. In fact, it may have been the strongest organic growth quarter for this service line ever. Well, at least since 2005 which is as far back as I bothered to look. Thanks need to be spread around. Hats off to these additional sales being driven by our termite sales people armed with our state-of-the-art iPad app and home team enjoying the growth in the new home construction market.  To add to Gary’s comments on bedbugs, I would like to point out to those who might have missed Orkin’s press release earlier this month when we announced Chicago hit our top 50 bedbug cities list for the second year in a row. The Windy City’s bedbug program was serious enough that the city council passed an ordinance in July requiring condo associations to have a formal management plan in place for the detection, inspection, and treatment of these pests.  In the South, two major cities had the biggest jumps on the list from 2012 to 2013. Nashville moved up 17 spots while Charlotte climbed 18 spots. Many of you on this call this morning are in New York City. I guess you shouldn’t take too much solace that your city fell out of the top 10 and I think our bedbug business still had nice growth in your area just not as fast as some other cities.  Gross margin for the quarter improved 170 basis points to 48.5% for the fourth quarter versus 46.8% in the prior year. There was a number of factors impacting margin. On the favorable side we enjoyed continued positive claim development with regard to terminate costs, improved trends with casualty claims as well as medical costs, all helped margins 110 basis points. Improved productivity contributed nearly 40 basis points but we had a 20 basis point improve from gains from vehicle disposition.  The margins were unfavorably impacted by nearly 30 basis points due to increase in the material and supply costs. This was related to both the substantial increase in tubes in the wall installs up 23% and that was on top of the 55% they saw last year in the fourth quarter, as well as increases in ancillary sales which also impacted material and supply costs. So really, the impact in material and supply is more mixed than it is any increase per cost on a per items basis.  As Gary mentioned home team tubes in the wall increased 23% for the quarter with total installs up nearly 4,000. While it’s a long term positive note, it cost us an incremental $400,000 over the fourth quarter last year. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter was flat, decreasing as a percentage of revenues 2/10ths of a percent to 3%. For the year depreciation was $14.4 million with capital expenditures totaling $18.6 million. The larger piece of depreciation and amortization is the amortization of acquired customer contracts totaling $6.5 million for the quarter and $25.2 million for the full year. This represents a significant non-cash after tax charge of $0.11 this year.  When we acquire a pest control company there is seldom any significant hard assets on the balance sheet and as a result most of the valuation ends up being classified as intangibles and customer contracts. We currently have nearly $130 million of intangibles from acquisitions on our balance sheet. With current amortization running approximately $25 million a year, we will continue to have this expense flowing through the P&L for some time. We see little risk in possible impairment charges. All of the businesses we have acquired have grown. As we continue to write down the value of the customer contracts recognized at the time of the acquisition. We immediately expense all cost related to organic acquisition of new customers. Sales, general and administrative expenses increased $8.8 million or 9.1% to 32.8% of revenues increasing from 31.9% of revenue. The increases in cost as a percentage of revenues was due to the higher advertising expense related to our new advertising campaign along with higher sales expense. You have to pay for all that new revenue. This combined accounted for 80 basis points.  In addition, we had an increase in professional services related to both our commercial pricing initiative and our Australian acquisition effort adding almost another 40 basis points. It is expensive doing an acquisition half way around the world. Between the valuation people, the lawyers, the accountants, the due diligence teams and other expenses, it impacted the quarter results in excess of $700,000. I have assured you Gary that my airline tickets and bar tab was a very small part of that total. Tax rates in the quarter came in at 32.1%. We were able to utilize some hiring incentives restore employment hire credits relating to 2010 hires that obviously took some time to determine their eligibility and also a one-time deferred tax liability reconciliation related to book and tax differences on depreciable assets and disposal. The year-to-date provision for income taxes came in at 35.6%. I really don’t see anyone coming to their senses in Washington any time soon and regrettably expect the rate to turn back up next year to 37.5%, though we’re always looking for credits and opportunities. We continue to build on our solid operating and financial foundation. Possessing a growing balance sheet and cash flows, Rollins continues to be financially strong. EBITDA reached $231 million with strong operating cash flow of $163 million last year. Not being a capital intensive business, we only spent $19 million on capital expenditures. Our number one priority for our cash continues to be reinvesting in the business we know best; pest control and only pest control. Unfortunately, it was a disappointing year for opportunities and we didn’t spend as much on acquisitions as previous years. That left us plenty of money to return to shareholders as we paid nearly $66 million in dividends including a special dividend at the end of the year and as a result our shareholders enjoyed five dividends, in effect, this year. We also spent a little over $8 million on stock buyback. Do the math, we added considerably to our cash position ending the year with $118 million in cash.  After last quarter one analyst wrote, “A solid quarter but what to do with all that cash?” Well, now you know where some will go. We will be closing in February on our first transaction in Australia. We are excited about the business prospects and future and further opportunities down under. To help us accelerate our acquisition pace, last quarter we brought on board a new experienced director of acquisitions who has more than 20 years’ experience in M&A and he is well into building a pipeline of prospects. I would be remiss not to mention that yesterday our board of directors increased the quarterly dividend 16.6% to $0.105 per share each quarter. This marks now the 12th consecutive year that the dividend has been increased a minimum of 12%. Lastly and most importantly, let me express our appreciation for a job well down to all the Rollins associates whose hard work and dedication are behind these outstanding results. With that now, I’ll turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary W. Rollins : We’re now ready to open the call for any questions you might have.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joe Box – Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Joe Box – Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc.: A question for you on the home team business. I know that installations are still up meaningful and I think Harry you called that about $400,000 of incremental expense just from installing the tubes. How should we think about the timing to get over the margin hump here maybe where installations are going to be outweighed by starting to see customer signups and new service?
Harry J. Cynkus : The big question that I think in a lot of peoples’ mind is what kind of housing starts will we see next year, what kind of growth will the home team see? They’re in 17 out of the 20 fastest growing markets so obviously they’ll do better than what the average is plus or minus. I think their outlook right now and based on what they know with builders they are still planning an increase, certainly at a more modest pace than what they had this year. Certainly, the incremental change and impact on each quarter for the loss incurred on the installs should be less.  At the same time, as Gary pointed out, we’ve done 140,000 installs over the last two years and we saw a nice gain in customers this year. We certainly expect a significant pickup from those 82,000 customers that were installed this year. It will probably be well over 50,000 new customers next year. We expect the margins – the customer growth from new customers with a slowing of the acceleration of the installs, we plan to see [inaudible] in the margin [inaudible]. If installs flatten you certainly don’t get the hit incrementally. We don’t mind taking that hit because there is certainly long term growth in that business and it certainly has the potential to grow their revenues in double digits next year.
Joe Box – Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc.: It’s basically just a customer acquisition cost anyway?
Harry J. Cynkus : Yes, exactly.
Gary W. Rollins : If I could add, keep in mind retention is better on these customers than it is conventional pest control so there’s really an ongoing benefit to grow this business just beyond the initial install.
Joe Box – Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Harry, earlier your cost breakdown was helpful and I know it’s going to be tough to predict if some of those fees and headwinds are going to repeat themselves in 2014. Can you guys just give us a sense of how we should be thinking about SG&A either on a run rate or percentage basis for 2014?
Harry J. Cynkus : I think SG&A this year was certainly a little elevated by the decision we made with our new advertising campaign to step up our advertising cost. We won’t see that same percentage gain next year. Unless the plan changes, and it certainly can, we are constantly looking at the trends, and leads and adjust our advertising strategy as necessary. But I would think, looking into the year, it should return to more what I would say normal levels unless there are some opportunities to pour fuel on the fire. The acquisition cost in the fourth quarter – doing our first acquisition in Australia cost us a lot more than a second acquisition would cost us doing there. There was a lot of fact finding and a lot of additional work and due diligence scoping out the market and getting comfortable with everything. But typically acquisition costs falls in the same year as the revenue comes on board. In this case, we had some time between the signing of the agreement and the closing of the deal. The deal should close mid February.  The deal there is there are certain things we couldn’t do until the deal became public. We had to get the bank council and then go to the bank, set up new payroll systems, and transfer contracts, and what not. If I had a big acquisition cost in first quarter or second quarter you’d hope you’d see revenue and profits following it down the road. So, this year was a little different where we had the acquisition cost and most of it is accrued because it’s been incurred but the acquisition won’t fall – we’ll see part of it in the first quarter.
Joe Box – Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc.: On the cap ex front can you maybe just give us some color on expectations for 2014? Maybe some high level thoughts on free cash flow? One thing I’m looking at is will there be any cash tax impact from the expiration of bonus depreciation?
Harry J. Cynkus : With regard to expiration bonus, I mean, we just don’t have a lot of depreciation. Our cap ex last year was $19 million and I would say that was a big year for us. This year, we’re still working on the biggest capital expenditure which is the [inaudible] suite project. We’re still spending money on that. It should be slowing down because we’ll be into the implementation phase before the year is out. I would say on cap ex $15 to $20 million is probably the range it will fall in and if you look historically that’s about what we spend. The bonus depreciation shouldn’t have as that significant an impact to really weigh on anything.
Joe Box – Keybanc Capital Markets, Inc.: On the free cash flow side we should basically be about growing by how much net income grows?
Harry J. Cynkus : Yes. Then we’ll certainly have the addition from the margins of the acquisition and we’re always looking – we’re not satisfied with matching our results next year so free cash flow will raise with the profit. It won’t affect EBITDA and free cash flow – we don’t know yet we’re still working with the valuation people with regards to the All Pest acquisition. At this point I don’t know how much of the purchase price will be allocated to goodwill verses intangible assets which impacts the amortization. So it impacts EPS but it is all free cash flow post acquisition and we’ll have more color on that hopefully by the end of first quarter here.
Operator:  You’re next question comes from Sun-Il Kim – RBC Capital Markets, LLC.
Sun-Il Kim – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: First of all just one follow up to one of Joe’s questions regarding SG&A expenses. If I sort of add up what you consider sort of one-time items in 2013 whether it’s the advertising campaign, I think you had some consulting fees earlier last year, and I guess some acquisition related cost, if I add those up it seems like you probably had about 30 to 50 basis points impact on margins last year from those items. Is it safe to assume that you’re getting that back in 2014? It doesn’t seem like you’re going to have any more consulting fees, it seems like the advertising campaign is going normal so are we going to automatically see 30 to 50 basis points of expansion this year just from those items going away?
Harry J. Cynkus : I would think Sun if you did your math right, and I can’t verify your math right now I’m sitting at home, last night I didn’t expect not to be able to get back in the office so I don’t have any of my worksheets and spreadsheets with me. But you are correct, the consulting project, those fees were all related to our pricing initiative and we’re past the consultation standpoint and are now in the implementation. The advertising spend will return to normalized level again, unless we decide we see a market opportunity and acquisition expenses is tied to acquisition. So yes, it would normalize unless something not normal comes up. It’s hard to predict sitting here but certainly nothing on the immediate horizon that we have to talk about.
Sun-Il Kim – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just one more question, regarding All Pest, I know you guys haven’t closed the deal yet but can you sort of talk about what the seasonality of that business is? I know there’s a lot of exposure to the oil and gas industry. If we’re going to model this in at some point I just want to know how we should think about the seasonality as well as the growth trajectory of All Pest?
Harry J. Cynkus : The company, interestingly from a seasonality standpoint, their seasons run 180 degrees different from ours in that they’re on the other side of the equator down under. It’s summer right now so we’re sitting here freezing and having ice in Atlanta Georgia and it’s somewhere between 90 and 100 degrees Fahrenheit down in Perth today. They are in the height of their season so interestingly to some degree, and they’re certainly not anywhere as large, but they’ll help us smooth out some of our seasonality that we’ve been reporting on.  In terms of growth, we’re really not in a position to talk about that just now. About half of their business is tied into oil and gas industry. They do a lot of work around the biosecurity of these huge liquefied natural gas projects that are going on in Western Australia. Their revenues spike up at the front end of the project while the items at these plants and things are being built and then it drops off into a normalized rate. The big question is how many more of these contracts – there are other projects that are being bid on, there are other projects that are at the front end of the cycle. Some projects have slowed down, others are picking up. They grew, I want to say I think the number was in excess of 30% revenue growth they experienced last year. In the last six months of the business this year it slowed a little for them. I think we modeled very modest first year growth as we try to get our hands around it and figure it out but a lot of it has to do with the timing of the contracts which quite frankly we haven’t had as much familiarity with at this point. We have an [inaudible] who is in the process of relocating his family to Australia. He has been down there for the due diligence. I spoke to him about 5:30 this morning, 6:30 his time and he had a full day of meetings with customers. He’s been meeting with customers now for the last two weeks. We’re just getting and wrapping our hands around all of it. He’s having employee meetings like the customer meetings. His report is extremely enthusiastic. The customers have wonderful relations and have just given us glowing reports about the relationships and the quality of the work that has been performed and are happy to hear that it is our intent to keep the full team there and in place. We’re just bringing our balance sheet, our contacts, and looking to find ways to grow and improve the business.  Prospects are wonderful I just don’t know how to model it yet. I know next week or two weeks after this deal closes the first question I get from Gary when I get back from Australia is, “Where’s the budget?” 
Gary W. Rollins : I may not wait that long there. One thing maybe noteworthy, we have a sister company RPC which is in the oil service business, another public company and they have two divisions working in Australia so we were able to kind of validate from a third-party that this oil/gas situation is going to be pretty sustainable because they have these contracts with China to deliver gas and they’re just scrambling down there to get the infrastructure in down there to meet those obligations. Of course, the infrastructure is building those dormitories and treating the materials that come in to make sure there are no pests and so forth. I think we felt more comfortable that this think was not going to be just kind of a blip.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Dan Dolev – Jefferies, LLC.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies, LLC.: It looks like when you hire the new person in charge of M&A is there a limit to the size that you’re looking at when you’re looking at M&A? Secondly, would you be potentially willing to take on debt if you found something right that fit?
Harry J. Cynkus : We would certainly be willing to take on debt and we have in the past so there’s not any limit. The big ones are harder to catch but we feel like we’ve improved our imitative dramatically and we’ll be turning up the calls we make on these prospects. The Obama Care is looming out there and we’re getting calls from some people that are very concerned about what that is going to do with their cost and cash flow so we’re pretty encouraged about the direction as far as the new year is concerned.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies, LLC.: Is there a limit to the geographic focus for M&A? Is this now just Australia or basically anything anywhere in the world is on the table right now?
Harry J. Cynkus : We’re really not as interested in international acquisition as we are domestic. I think this Australian thing was pretty unique. We feel like our model, as far as franchises is concerned internationally as far as the cultural challenges, and the language, and other regulatory issues, etc. – so this isn’t an indication that we’re just going to go out and try and accumulate a bunch of companies. But this Australian situation just fit for us and we have other opportunities in Australia. We’re on the west coast, certainly the east coast has potential and we’re making contacts in those other areas.
Operator:  There appears to be no further questions. Please continue with any further points you wish to bring.
Gary W. Rollins : I would like to thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to the first quarter and we’ll continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. We want to put another one in the record book but thank you for your business. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the Rollins fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Again, as a reminder, if you’d like to listen to a replay of today’s conference please dial 303-590-3030 followed by the access code 4660653 followed by the pound or hash key. Thank you for your participation you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilyn Meek – IR Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and CEO Harry Cynkus – VP and CFO
Analysts:  Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets Dan Dolev – Jefferies Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Rollins, Inc.’s Third Quarter 2013 Earning Conference Call held on the 23rd of October, 2013. Throughout today’s conference, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the conference, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now, you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-406-7325 with the pass code of 4643774. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn, and good morning. We appreciate of all you joining us for our Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31st, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Collins: Thank you, Harry. Well, we’re again pleased with the solid increases that we made in our revenues and our profitability for the quarter in nine months. This quarter represents our 30th consecutive quarter of improved earnings in seven and a half years. For the quarter, we improved our momentum with revenue increasing 6.5%, the best percentage increase all year to approximately $362 million. And net income increased 12.4% to $36.2 million, also the best percentage increase all year. Revenues for the nine months rose 5% to $1 billion and net income increased 7.8% to $95.4 million. All of our business lines continue to show strong demand for our services during the quarter with residential pest control up 7.2%, commercial was up 6.3%, excluding fumigation, and 5.4% overall. By the way, this is the strongest quarter we’ve seen in commercial since the second quarter of 2011. Termite had a very strong performance, their very best, rising 8.2%. The deployment of our Homesuite iPad app which I’ve talked about on previous calls is showing positive results in improving the selling of our termite and ancillary services. And termite had a very strong assist from HomeTeam through their builders program. Speaking of which, HomeTeam’s Tubes in the Wall installs were up 39% for the quarter, marking the third consecutive quarter in which they have experienced more than 7,000 installs per month. These installs are the drivers behind HomeTeam’s increasing revenue and long-term profitability, as these new home installations are ultimately activated, hence, the big revenue pick-up. I’d also like to note the positive results that we’re experiencing in our Orkin rebranding efforts. You may recall, we kicked off our 2013 marketing campaign and rebranding initiative in the first quarter of this year. Our marketing folks and advertising agency put a lot of effort into this initiative. And judging from our third quarter results, it certainly seems to be paying off. A strong selling season was made possible in part from the double digit lead growth for residential, accompanied by better closure. As we’ve discussed, our pest control sales are the gift that keeps on giving. This also applies to termite sales, but to a lesser degree. Harry will provide more detail on all of this, but needless to say, we’re pleased with the progress that we’re making in executing our programs to grow our business. As I’ve referenced many times, we have a culture of continuous improvement. We don’t spend much time looking into our rearview mirrors and recognize the need for both innovation and developing different skill sets for the 21st century. To that end, in June, Justice – Justine Zarch, Senior Marketing Manager, took on a new role within Orkin creating a more formal partnership with operations and technical services. Justine will be helping to identify new tools and technology improvements as a means to advance Orkin service delivery and service line offerings. She will work with a variety of internal and external partners to develop new initiatives to benefit our residential customers and commercial businesses. Innovation and product development is not new to Rollins. You may recall some of the 12 technology initiatives previously discussed that we have implemented since 2011. The creation of this new position formalizes and underscores the ongoing investments that we’re making in this area to create more value for the Orkin brand and enhance value provided to customers. This also supports our ongoing commitment to be the innovator in the pest control industry to ensure that we remain on the cutting edge of pest control science and technology, or as our new advertising theme describes, getting pest control down to a science. There is a tendency to think of manufacturing companies or high-tech companies when we hear the word innovation. But our goal is to lead this process and not to wait for manufacturers to come to us with new products, but to partner with our suppliers on the frontend, providing input into product development stage to secure us the leadership position of the first to utilize. We’re also fortunate that we benefitted over the years from several well-established vendor and university research partnerships that helped us seize opportunities through innovative solutions. In order to remain the number one pest control company in the world, we know that we must be progressive and are excited about advancing this initiative in as many fronts as possible. We’re equally excited about another opportunity that we’re pursuing. Most of you are aware of the big focus or attention given by many companies today on analytics or big data. Many organizations are embracing data mining as they look to increase sales, promote new products, gain insights into customer preferences, et cetera. Simply, they’re using data to better direct their plans, priorities, and initiatives. Certainly, we’re no stranger to this having successfully worked with Boston Consulting Group on two major pricing projects in the past. With years of data available to us, we have begun to formalize an analytic discipline in-house. And we will be building our own analytics pricing team to continue to improve our performance in this area. Heading up this effort is John Joninas who has joined our Rollins marketing team as Managing Director of Pricing and Analytics. John, brings a very successful track record to Rollins gaining through pricing efforts in product launching, funneling officers and creating many analytic revenue-driven activities. Prior to joining us, he was with YP for 14 years, a $2.5 billion print in digital media company specializing in local search. John, will lead our company’s efforts for rate card development and our regular price increases across all brands. He will help us build our analytics team to gain greater leverage from our customer data to improve our ability to make better fact-based decisions. Acquisitions could be a primary priority for our company. Therefore, I’m pleased to announce that Matthew Whiting recently joined Rollins as Director of Acquisitions. He brings more than 20 years of experience in merger and acquisitions and corporate finance to our company. Prior to joining Rollins, Matt was a managing partner of corporate finance for TechCXO, a national consulting firm that provides senior level strategic and functional services to the technology and business services companies. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice-President with a middle market investment banking firm where he work closely with companies with $20 million to $200 million in revenues. Matt will be working closely with senior managers from each of the Rollins brands and divisions to help us accelerate our efforts to acquire quality pest control companies. He replaces Bob Hines who recently retired from Rollins. We welcome both John and Matt and feel like we have added two highly qualified leaders to our company. You may recall on our fourth quarter conference call that I briefly discussed that we are looking to improve our procurement practices this year. Our goal has been to significantly reduce the cost of everything that we buy. I am pleased to report that our new Rollins market place, also known as "Secure to Pay" [ph] Project is now in the process of being rolled out throughout the company. The HomeTeam and the Rollins Support Center, our home office, were phased in during the latter part of September, and we expect the full rollout to be completed by the end of the year. This new process will allow purchasing of various items from one site using a single sign on with our electronic approval process. But we’re very proud of our people and their performance in our company. And I’d like to turn the call over to Harry.
Harry Cynkus: Thanks, Gary. Good morning. And thank you for joining us on in the call. There’s something reassuring about being a pest control company, it’s refreshing not to have to worry about the aftermath of the US Government Shutdown or what the next looming depth feeling breach in potential Fed tapering versus tampering, will do to our business. Fortunately, we don’t have to worry about the strength of the Euro, foreign imports and our product obsolescence. We don’t have to keep up with current world trends, we just have to sell pest control, service our business and collect our money. Sounds simple, but often it brings its own set of challenges. Bugs have been around since the dawn of time which is a blessing as Gary says, rats and roaches don’t read the Wall Street journal. We just need to hire well, train well and deliver exceptional service and the business will do just fine as we’ve demonstrated with this quarter’s results. Third quarter’s revenue were $362.2 million representing 6.5% revenue growth. We saw a continued sequential growth across all of our three service lines, more about that in a minute. Net income increased 12.4% to $36.2 million or $0.25 per diluted share compared to $32.2 million or $0.22 per diluted share for the same period in 2012. Year-to-date, revenue is $1.013 billion a 5% increase, while net income has increased 7.8% to $99.4 million. EBITDA totals a $179.9 million while EPS has increased 8.3% to $0.65 per diluted share. We continue to build on our solid momentum and we see no significant changes in the fundamentals that support our business. Lease [ph], closure, pricing and customer employee retention, all working together to achieve what we have for the first nine months as well as to the remainder of this year. So let’s get deeper into the results. This year, we have seen revenue growth across all brands other than I have seen in all service lines. Our total revenue increased 6.5%, our Canadian operation which represents approximately 7.5% of our revenue, impacted our growth this quarter due to currency exchange. It’s been sometime since we saw the need to discuss the impact of currency exchange, but with the strengthening of the US dollar against the Canadian dollar or is it the weakening of the Canadian dollar against the US dollar, whatever. Domestically, excluding our Canadian result, our total revenue would have increased 7% with the residential growing 7.2, termite 8.3 and commercial 5.4, 6.3 when you exclude fumigation. Let’s look at the service line to make up our business, starting with residential pest control which has its strongest quarter of the year, increasing 7.4% which represents 42% of our revenues this quarter. Residential sales are driven by inbound activity, phone calls in [inaudible]. We believe that our new marketing campaign, rebranding initiative and internet balancing has made a difference this year. As a finance guy, I sometimes cringe at the money we spend on marketing that it’s hard to argue with our result and the 10% plus lead growth we saw in the third quarter. Doesn’t do you any good to make the phone ring or increase your internet leads if you don’t close and start the new business. Hats off to our great sales agents for their improvement in closure rate and new customers obtained, and for all those terrific technicians that got those sales started. There’s a great team effort by all. For the commercial business you receive less than one-tenth as many commercial leads as you do residential. So for that, it’s all about being creative and knocking on doors and making proposals which our commercial sales team did a great job of this quarter. We saw a good performance from our branch based commercial account managers whom increased sales 6%. But our national account team knocked it out of the ball park, experiencing an almost 30% increase in sales. We saw a significant increase in sales with the General Services Administration, GSA. Sales increased due to adding new accounts and continued penetration in existing national accounts. As a result, commercial pest control which makes up 42% of our business grew 5.4 to 6.3 excluding fumigation as IFC business was off again this quarter. As I have mentioned before a commercial fumigation is a very lumpy situation. The impact of the currency exchange reflected almost exclusively in our commercial business as most of Canada’s business is commercial. Domestically, commercial was up 6.5%, 7.6 when you exclude fumigation. Lastly, our termite business which makes up 16% of our business this quarter enjoyed growth of 8.3% in the third quarter which was unprecedented for the quarter. Strong new home starts and the pre-treat work HomeTeam does contributed. But the biggest contributor is the power of Orkin choose [ph] – of the HomeSuite iPad application. HomeSuite is now used by our residential termite sales inspectors, which enables them to better describe the service we will be delivering to our customers, specific to their home and why it’s important. Gary, talked about this proprietary tool at length in our first quarter conference call. Gross margin increased to 15.0% for the third quarter versus 49.9 in the prior year. This is due to continued favorable termite claim development cost and improved trends with casualty claims. It is partially offset by the increase in material and supply cost related both to the substantial increase in HomeTeam’s Tubes in the Wall installs as well as our ancillary sales. 39% growth in HomeTeam per HomeTeam [inaudible] that Gary talked about does have some natural drag on margins in the short-term when install period to period are accelerated. But we explained before, these systems are sold to the home builder at a substantial discount to our cost in order to obtain our ultimate customer, the new homeowner. So for HomeTeam, we’re somewhat like leads for Orkin. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased 600,000 totaling 10.1 million. Depreciation was 3.7 million and amortization of intangibles was 6.4 million. As of December 30th, we have nearly $135 million in cost per contracts and other intangible assets on our balance sheet. As a result, it will remain a significant, non-cash charge to the P&L for some time. Capital expenditures are running $13.3 million year-to-date, a further testament confirming we are not a capital intensive business. Sales, general administrative expenses increased $4.5 million or 4.2% to 31.2% of revenue, decreasing from 31.9% for the third quarter ended September 30th, 2012. The decrease in cost as a percentage of revenues were the result of us being able to leverage our administrative and sales salaries along with reductions in bad debt expense, which more than offset increases in professional services related to our commercial pricing initiative and higher advertising expense related to our new advertising campaign. The last item to note on the P&L, the provision for income taxes return this quarter to its normalized run rate, 37.6%. Then we have some comments related to our CRM branch operating system project. Some questions were raised over the ongoing cost model and training related to its implementation in a recent conference call hosted by Jefferies. First, we pay a one-time fee for the fundamental software and have all rights to do anything we want with it, except resell. Use includes all brands and franchises as well. In effect, we bought the source code and there is no ongoing fee or per user fees associated with the software. We will pay an annual maintenance fee that covers technical support as well gives us access to all software enhancement that service pro develops. As for training, we have devoted internal training resources to develop materials to ensure our branch personnel, all brand, are well-trained before the implementation drawing out our experience which has been recognized for 11 consecutive years by Training magazine in its annual list of the top 125 training companies. Our balance sheet remains very strong. We ended the quarter with $116.7 million in cash with no debt. It’d be hard to find another pest control company with a stronger balance sheet. We continue to work hard to find opportunities to put that cash to work and what we know best, pest control. We’re looking to accelerate our acquisitions and hopefully, the recent onboarding of an experienced M&A director will help. In the meantime, we continue to return capital to our shareholders both through dividends and our share repurchase program. With $116 million in cash and no debt, we certainly have the flexibility to pursue acquisitions, continue to increase our dividends as well as buyback stock. During the quarter, we were active with our share buyback program. Earlier this month, we announced that the company repurchased 168,100 shares under the share repurchase program and 340,700 shares have been repurchased year-to-date. In total, just under 5 million additional shares may be purchased under previously approved programs by the board of directors. The program does not have an expiration date. Yesterday, the board declared a regular quarterly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.09 per share, payable at December 10th, the stockholders on record at the close of business, November 8. The board will reexamine the quarterly dividend as it normally does in its regularly scheduled, January meeting. Last year marks the 11th year which we have increased our annual dividend by a minimum of 12% each year. We haven’t returned this much capital through our share buyback program as we would have liked. And as a result, the board declared a special year-end dividend of $0.09 per share payable December 10th the stockholders on record at the close of business, November 8. Hard to believe, 2013 will be drawing to a close. We haven’t come close to exhausting the opportunities we have to grow and improve our business. I look forward to talking to you next quarter and sharing our fourth quarter and rest of the year results. Lastly, let me express our appreciation for a job well done to all the Rollins associates whose hard work and dedication are behind these outstanding results. With that, I’ll now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you Harry. Harry and I will be happy to answer any questions that you might have at this time.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Thank you. The first question comes from Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, guys. Nice quarter.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Joe.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Actually, I just got off a call for another environmental services company and they’re referenced seeing more service increases versus decrease just for commercial customers now than they’ve seen in the last five years. I think that’s somewhat curious given the 5.4% increase in your commercial business. I guess what I’m trying to understand is how much of that improvement that you saw in commercial, stems from a pick-up in the market versus maybe successful marketing on your part and just getting a bigger chunk of the pie.
Gary Rollins: That’s certainly hard to quantify. We had – as we’ve talked in some prior quarters, we may have made some changes in our sales team, brought on a – promoted a very aggressive and a great sales manager, the Vice President of Sales, you know, as we reinvigorated the national account sales team, they’ve gone back, we have a lot of natural agreements. We’re the preferred provider or have the hunting license. But then you have to go knock down the doors and solve the individual location which they did, they had a number of sales – and I think it resulted as I mentioned, the national account sales were up 39% this quarter. So we have been seeing momentum shift in our commercial business now and it’s been turned up for a couple of quarters. So we’re happy with the direction.
Harry Cynkus: Yes, I think it’s more – and I don’t mean to sound egotistical. I think it’s more of what we’re doing than what’s going on in the marketplace. I think we just increased our effort and our focus on the commercial business and it’s paying off.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right. Clearly a great job on that front. I guess speaking with the commercial side, I know you guys are in the early stages of changing up commercial pricing. So one, can you maybe give me a sense of how much growth in commercial stem from pricing in the quarter, and maybe, two, some of the customers that you’re testing this pricing on, does it seem like they’re receptive just taking the price increases or are you may be seeing, a little bit lesser attention than what you had in the past?
Harry Cynkus: From the pricing, and I don’t have a broken out commercial versus residential. But just under 2% of our revenue increase came from the pricing initiatives. In terms of retention on the commercial side of the business, we saw a small uptick in – or downtick. The retention fell a little in the quarter. And when I said a little, I think our retention dollar, lost dollars from customers third quarter this year versus last year was $100,000, $125,000 difference. And year-to-date our retention is running well ahead of last year when it comes to our commercial customers. So if you give good service and give exceptional service, the customers are accepting.
Harry Cynkus: Joe, I think another thing to consider on the pricing is, our commercial customers, pest control services is way down the line as far as our expenses are concerned. If you look at restaurants you got food cost, labor cost, I mean, which is not a big part of their P&L. And so, I don’t think if we have the same sensitivity, that larger elements of their P&L would have. Additionally, the second phase of our loss [ph] and consulting group project was really to improve the standardization and the methodology of what we charge new customers. And we really think that hasn’t paid off yet. I mean, it’s just recently been completed as in test, but we really think we have some opportunities there as far as improving the consistency and really the appropriateness of what we charge our commercial customers.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure. And I guess to that point, do you still think that the commercial opportunity is as big as the residential opportunity?
Harry Cynkus: Yes, we do.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Gary, you talked earlier about accelerating acquisitions, do you expect broaden your search criteria or do you think that Matt will just be able to look at a greater number of deals? And maybe if you guys have typically been able to drive a few 100 basis points of growth from acquisition, how do you think that might change going forward?
Gary Rollins: Well, I think Matt is going to bring more methodology to our acquisition efforts as far as assigning specific call objectives to our field people to really do a better job in prospecting as supposed to waiting until we’re contacted. I think that’s going to be a big improvement. Well, we really add methodology to what we do. And we’re also seeing some activity now as far as Obama Care is concerned. A lot of these independent business operators are recognizing that there’s cost involve in this new Health Care Reform. And I think we’ve seen an uptick as far as interest, as far as these pest control operators are concerned in talking to us about a sale situation.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure. And one more question, then I’ll turn it over. Harry, few quarters back it didn’t seem like you guys are too receptive to doing another one time dividend, I know what you guys paid out in the quarter or the one that you announced in the quarter wasn’t that big. But can you just maybe put some rational around the special dividend?
Harry Cynkus: Well, like I said, our Board, I think was a little disappointed with the amount of shares that we bought back year-to-date. We haven’t quite covered the dilution from the, at a minimum, we’d like to always cover the dilution. So we’re couple of 100,000 shares behind covering that. And like I mentioned in my comment, the Board very much believes that returning our profits and cash to shareholders and whether it would be in dividends or stock buyback. And since we kind of hit the numbers that we had hoped down the stock buyback, they thought that it wouldn’t be a bad idea to add a little special dividend this quarter. It’s not something that we want people to build in an expectation for. But again, I have $116 million in – no cash in my prospects – no debt, I said cash. But my prospects are continuing to generate a lot of cash, looked very favorable.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right. So it’s basically just a true-up in the quarter. It wasn’t necessarily a change in philosophy where we can think that, there will be a large special dividends –
Harry Cynkus: No.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: OK, great. Well, thank you guys, and again, nice quarter.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Dan Dolev from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Hey, guys. Just real quickly on pricing in the commercial side, I heard in the last few – that it hasn’t had a big impact. But I’ve heard in the last few months that maybe one of your large competitor is trying to buy some volume perhaps ahead of some transaction. They’d like to show some good growth. Have you seen any pressure on the commercial pricing clearly quite strong, but have you seen any pressure? In other words would they have been even stronger had there not been any pressure from one of your competitors?
Harry Cynkus: We’ve see it in selected cases. But it usually comes down to competing on service. So we always have some competitive pressures. Everyone is typically, I shouldn’t say everyone, but there’s only a few players with a national footprint. So you got to see them in most of the accounts that we do business with. And again, we believe that we compete based on our service.
Gary Rollins: I think one additional advantage that we have this year and we’ll have more so going forward was our Biz Suite app with iPad. We have the ability to really have a more professional presentation to these commercial prospects. We can show them pictures of the inspection. It’s not often that a – owner or a manager will go around in a company, or sales person when they make their inspection. But the old deal of a picture is worth a 1,000 words applies here because if you can show the prospects that he’s got two-inch gap under his back door, that the other current provider is not doing the job by showing him pest activity, there’s just a lot of benefits to really share with the prospect what you found in your inspection. And we think that that’s going to continue to help us as far as our commercial sales are concerned. And we’re not aware of anybody that has a tool like this and not to say that they want at some point, a good idea is never held secret for long. But we think that that’s making a good contribution.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Great. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) the last question currently comes from Sean Kim from RBC. Please go ahead.
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning. How are you?
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Just one more follow up on pricing. I think you said, you saw about a 200 basis point, positive impact from the pricing actions [ph]. If we sort of look more longer term, is that sort of the impact we should expect every year 200 basis points? And how should we think about kind of timeline of price increases in the future?
Harry Cynkus: Well, this year’s price increase was the most successful and the largest, I think in our history. It typically is we’re on, 1 in a quarter to 1.75. So I don’t know if we can count on 2% necessarily going forward every year. I certainly would love to. But one of the things that is coming out of the commercial pricing project is to do a better job on pricing account to be more profitable up front which would limit your need to raise prices as much, going forward. Because the commercial pricing project have three pieces, one, to increase pricing, but we need to also develop a – application for our commercial account managers to price correctly, more correctly, more profitably on the front-end. And then third, a model for us to determine and measure profitability by customer. So this year, we were able to take a first look at profitability across all of our commercial accounts. And the least profitable got substantially higher price increases than the more profitable account. So, I guess if we do a much better job pricing upfront, we’ll have less unprofitable accounts to significantly raise prices up. But again, this business is all about recapturing your labor. And the more successful you are in estimating what the true labor cost, labor time is going to be upfront, the better your pricing will be.
Gary Rollins: I think Harry makes a good point. We’re really, for the first time, I think more sophisticatedly looking at both ends of the equation. I think that we – I’d give ourselves higher marks as far as raising the prices and developing a methodology to do that. But this coming year and beyond, we’re going to do a better job in pricing the accounts to begin with.
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful. Just one more question regarding HomeTeam. I think we saw some alteration in the housing starts lately. How should we think about growth in new installations and growth in revenue at homes in light of that?
Harry Cynkus: Good question. And give me an opportunity, I need – Gary got a little forward of himself in his comments. He said HomeTeam had better than 7,000 installs for three quarters. It was two quarters, but in six months. But I don’t know if he was looking forward in the next –
Gary Rollins: I’m planning on the next quarter.
Harry Cynkus: You’re planning on the next quarter. We haven’t – HomeTeam and their markets haven’t seen that downturn. And in fact, if October continues as – yes, we’re – I guess we only got a week left here in the month. It could be the biggest month of the year. Traditionally, home builders, installations turn – new sticks coming out of the ground turns – they cut the pipeline typically in the fourth quarter, and historically, HomeTeam saw a drop-off in installations in the fourth quarter. Last year was – we were spanking [ph] with an anomaly. They had been running around 5,000 installs a month for the previous five, six months going into October. And then October last year, it hit 6,700 which was the biggest month of the year. And then it dropped back to 5,400 and then below 5,000 in December. So this year, like I said, they’re headed for the biggest month. They could cross 8,000 installs in October. And then the question is how much the builders pull back. But like I said, we’re not seeing softening in HomeTeam’s markets and we see them all as future new customers. So we’re excited about the opportunity, but it does hurt our margins short-term.
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, both, and congratulations on the strong results.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Joe Box has joined the Q&A again, from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Joe, please go ahead.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just one quick follow up. Can you guys just give us a feel for what the international franchise pipeline looks like, I guess both in terms of signing up franchisees and then maybe also a feel for what overall contribution could be to Rollins next year?
Harry Cynkus: Certainly. We have one agreement that’s been signed that we haven’t quite announced yet that we announced here in the next – another island in the Caribbean. We have another franchisee who’s close to taking another country. Tom Luczynski has just returned from Singapore two weeks ago at an international franchise show. And there was high interest expressed there and a number of good leads in five, six very strong perspective future franchisers. So, the interest is definitely strong and I would say accelerating. But again, the thing to keep in mind, most of these – all of these international franchisers, for the most part is the inaugural startups. So, we get a – see [ph] upfront. But it takes some time for them to build the business and for it to contribute substantially to the bottom line.
Gary Rollins: I think one of the biggest thing that we’ve got going for us this year that we haven’t had in the past is that our training now is on the Web. So, we really are doing a better job preparing these franchisers to deliver good service and really benefit from the training that we’ve developed over the years.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Sean Kim has also joined the Q&A, from RBC. Please go ahead.
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Just one more question this time on margins and operating profit. I think you saw pretty strong margin expansion year-over-year and I think the growth in [inaudible] it was the best in at least the past year. Going forward, how should we think about the level of operating leverage that you can achieve?
Gary Rollins: Good question.
Harry Cynkus: I don’t know that I really understood it, but –
Gary Rollins: Well, I think he’s trying to – you know, how much leverage do we have and what kind of margin opportunity – the fourth quarter is always the most difficult quarter for us to really project. The business, there’s – well, the commercial business isn’t very – doesn’t have much seasonality to it. Certainly, termite and residential does. And so, we typically have a strong October. The trends going into October have been very positive. We continue to see good lead growth. But then the question is what happens once it get cold, how much does the business drop off in November and December, how good a job do we do in managing our labor cost? We accrue up our various expenditures at the end of the year. So, it’s tough to sit here and really have much visibility into the quarter. The good news about this business is that recurring revenue is – the nice growth in customers that we’ve had will continue – to this question is to, what kind of retention you’ll see in fourth quarter this year versus prior years. But, you know, the leverage going forward, we believe, we can continue to certainly grow the topline to mid-single digits and we haven’t given up from our goals of 10% increase in profits going on out. It gets harder every year and some years we do a little better and some years we trail a little. But like I said, we – I don’t think we see any change in our prospects for this business.
Harry Cynkus: I think one other way to look at this is that we can improve upon the same quarter last year. But one thing I’ve learned is you can’t extend the season. I mean, you can’t take advertising dollars and turn the fourth quarter into the third quarter. And so there’s a law of diminishing returns that when whether your owner [ph] starts to get cold, the pests are not as active as they were previously and you can throw a lot of advertising dollars at it, but you can’t change the seasonality of the business.
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There seems to be no further questions at present time. Please go ahead with any concluding remarks you may have.
Harry Cynkus: Okay. Well, this has been an exciting year for the company. We began the year with a great deal of enthusiasm and energy. And that’s only continued to increase throughout the year. We’ve got great teams in all areas of our business who never lose sight that our goal is always to get better, and do better. Thank you all for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you in the New Year. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilyn Meek – IR Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and CEO Harry Cynkus – SVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts:  Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company Dan Dolev – Jefferies 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Rollins Inc. Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. During today’s presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded today Wednesday, July 24, 2013. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-406-7325 with the pass code 4628395. Additionally the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today is Gary Rollins, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2013 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and other statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the Risk Factor section of our Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. Let me now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We are pleased with the solid increases that we made in growing our revenues and our profitability for the quarter in six months. As you may recall this year started off slower than last year due to the reversal in weather patterns; extremely cold and snowy in the first quarter of this year versus record setting warm weather in the first quarter last year. The spring finally came a little bit later and pest activity is increasing. Revenue for the quarter increased 4.8% to approximately 351 million and net income increased 8.7% to 36 million. Revenues for the first six months rose 4.2% to 650 million and net income increased 5.3% to 59 million. The increasing demand for our services was reflected first in residential pest control which was up 5.8% for the quarter, while commercial, excluding fumigation rose 4.4% and termite revenues increased 5.1%. As I mentioned on our last call we’ve been working with a Boston consulting group and studying our commercial pest control rate cards and our commercial price increase program. Based on their modeling we were able to identify segments that were inappropriately priced and in some case we identified existing accounts they should have been receiving more aggressive price increases. As a result on June 1st when we rolled out our annual commercial price increase program we were able to address more customers than last year and process price increases more in-line with the customers’ market sector, early results have been promising. One of the most valuable assets is clearly the Orkin brand. We might have a pristine balance sheet but if you want to know why our company has achieved so much of what it has, it has a lot to do with the Orkin name. And we see the power and benefit of this brand in so many ways. A good example of that power was when we were selected recently to do an Undercover Boss segment. John Wilson, our company’s President and COO was featured working with four randomly selected Orkin technicians on the CBS Emmy award winning show which aired May 3rd. As you can imagine only world recognized companies have been selected to participate in this series. The four technicians and locations were picked by the producers of the program, exemplified the quality of our people and the service we provide everyday as well as illustrating the confidence our customers have in us and the personal relationships we build. Keep in mind that we had no voice and/or control over their selection of our employees. Orkin showcased on Undercover Boss could almost be regarded as a one hour complimentary infomercial. The reactions of the viewers and our employees have been tremendous. The program generated an audience of 7.2 million viewers and helped break virtually all of our previous web traffic records. As an example in the week leading up to the show’s promotion and the day following the broadcast we experienced the most Google searches for Orkin in any week over the past two years. Furthermore our human resource teams as a result were kept extremely busy. The day after the segment ran the number of visits to our Orkin career’s web page increased fivefold, from 500 to 2,500. In the next the number of people taking time to complete the application online with Orkin increased over 70%. Since one of our female technicians was featured on the show the female candidates applying for a position jumped nearly 40%. This was terrific as we want more and more women to join our company. We are anxiously waiting for a re-run of Undercover Boss. On our last call I spent time describing some of our new marketing programs and the new Orkin advertising campaign directed towards establishing Orkin as the pest control expert. We specifically focused on the Orkin man and his knowledge of pest and the science based approach utilized as soft [inaudible]. This theme has been the focal point of this year’s advertising digital presence in our supporting marketing program. We are pleased to report that we’re already seeing higher levels of brand awareness from the campaign versus our campaign versus last year. Copy test for those of you not familiar with the term is a market research technique that determines in advance an ad’s effectiveness based on consumer responses, feedback and behavior. The results of these tests confirm that our new campaign would be highly effective in making Orkin top of mind when consumers experience pest control problems. Our new advertising is targeted to grow our market share and our customer base. As a result of this positive response we will be increasing our advertising spend in the second half of this year. As we continue to expand our commercial business we began rolling out Biz Suite application for account managers and commercial prospects. It follows the same fundamentals as our residential Homesuite app which I talked about last quarter. It permits us to show our prospect pictures via a laptop or an iPad of what our inspection of their property uncovered while describing a full array of our commercial offerings. The app allows the sales inspector to go out to the customers’ facility, document test activity and illustrate a customized treatment program. Additionally our commercial customers will be able to see in advance who will be servicing their facility as well as who they will be speaking with in our office. We are very excited about this tool helping to improve closure and the average dollars sold by our sales people. Shifting gears I am sure most of you have seen the statistics of the improving residential home sales. This has had a direct bearing on how the Rollins and HomeTeam are benefiting in this regard. We are very pleased with HomeTeam’s first quarter when installs were up nearly 35%, but the second quarter topped that with installs year-over-year being up better than 48%. This resulted in making it a record quarter for installations, the best since we acquired then in 2009. Harry will discuss the impact of this surge on our financials later. We are also proud that HomeTeam received for the third consecutive year, The Partners of Choice Award from the prominent national home builder David Weekley Home. HomeTeam earned an A rating for service in David Weekley’s national trading partner survey. We are only pest management company to ever receive this well respected award and one of only eight suppliers to earn an A rating this year. Congratulations go out to HomeTeam. Let me give you an update on our CRM branch operating system initiative, first since we last talked we have added to our I team a senior level leader with substantial industry experience in this type of system development and implementation. We are already seeing improvements in our pace and programming quality. Our new system is currently being tested and operated in a number of different environments, from working branches to administrative centers as well as two of our recent acquisitions. In conjunction with this new CRM branch operating system we began piloting this month the use of iOS or iPhone technology in our residential branch application. This device will take the place of handhelds. The technicians love this change as it simplifies their day. Its application is expected to reduce the project capital cost by over $5 million initially and reduce the ongoing cost of ownership by $2 million a year when rolled out companywide. There will be some delay in the project resulting from switching to iPhones instead handhelds but the long term benefits make it worthwhile. We anticipate having an extraordinary branch operating system that will benefit all of our branches. We are back on track to meet our goals for 2013. Furthermore we remain committed to the continuous improvement of our businesses. I feel very fortunate that we have assembled a team across our company that shares the same commitment. I now turn the call over to Harry.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call. Since spring has now sprung we don’t need to talk about the weather and with my poetry not earning many accolades last quarter it might be best that I just talk about the numbers. Second quarter revenues were 350.8 million representing 4.8% revenue growth, enjoying good sequential growth across our three service lines, more about that in a minute. Net income increased 8.7% to 36 million or $0.25 per diluted share compared to 33.1 million or $0.23 per diluted share for the same period last year. For the first six months of 2013 revenues rose 4.2% to 650.5 million compared to 624.3 million last year. Net income for the first six months of 2013 was 59.2 million or $0.40 per diluted compared to the same period last year, representing a year-to-date 5.3% increase in diluted earnings per share. The fundamentals that drive our business remain positive. Pest control lead growth strengthened over the course of the quarter, while termite lead showed good improvement as well. We saw positive improvement in closure while pricing held steady. Retention is running good as we expect. Clearly we continue our positive momentum within the key drivers of our business. As Gary has said before we are pleased. Last quarter we ran our annual price increase test which showed little change in the elasticity and as a result, as Gary shared in June, Orkin implemented its traditional annual price increase program for eligible residential and commercial customers. HomeTeam’s price increase program rolls out in July. Both will begin to more favorably impact us in the third quarter. Price increase eligibility is determined based on age of customer, variance in price to current rate charge and contract terms. This year we had a smaller pool of residential customers eligible but a larger pool of commercial. Overall the price increase program increased revenues somewhat six-tenths of 1% in the quarter. Let’s talk about the service lines that make up our business, starting with residential pest control which represented nearly 41% of our revenue and improved 5.8% this quarter, growing sequentially from 5.4% in the first quarter. We are pleased with this momentum and feeling that our advertising will help strengthen lead growth over the course of the year. When I talk about our commercial business in the past I sometimes distinguished with and without fumigation. For those new to the company the reason being while the fumigation business is a small portion of our overall business, less than 2.5% and makes up less than 7% of our commercial pest control business the revenue can fluctuation greatly from quarter-to-quarter. Food manufacturing and process fumigations are not necessarily scheduled to occur at the same time from year-to-year. This fluctuation in the business can distort the quarter-to-quarter comparison. For example this quarter our total commercial pest control improved 3.6%, down slightly from the first quarter’s 3.7%. However when you exclude fumigation from the calculation our basic pest control – our basic commercial pest control grew 4.4% a nice improvement from 3.7% in the first quarter. This paints a completely different picture of the health of our commercial business. The fumigation portion of our commercial business didn’t perform well in this quarter, down 7% or about $1.5 million. Some of this business we got earlier in the year and some will fall in the next quarter. As a result when the fumigation portion of our commercial business distorts the view of the commercial business I will mention it and when it doesn’t I won’t. The last service line termite came back strong in the quarter as we expected with a late spring rather than termite swarming as they did last year in February and March, they waited till it got warmer. They are not fools and they did it in good fashion this quarter. Our termite business which makes up for approximately 19% of our revenues was up 5.1%. For those that waiting anxiously to learn about our bed bug business it was up double digits to 12.1 million for the quarter, with residential outpacing commercial in growth both in dollars and percent. This overall growth was the slowest we have seen although still very healthy. Stay tuned bed bugs have not gone away. Gross margin for the quarter decreased 10 basis points to 50.3% for the second quarter versus 50.4% in the prior year, due to nearly $800,000 impact from the increase in HomeTeam’s labor and material supply cost related to the substantial increase in TAEXX Tubes in the Wall installed as well as small decrease in overall productivity. Overall the company was up staffed in advance for what turned to be a late spring. While the large growth in HomeTeam installs nearly 22,000 this quarter versus almost 15,000 last year hurts our margins in the short-term it’s a driver for HomeTeam’s future growth recurring revenue and profitability. Installs don’t drive revenue significantly however they do drive cost. We view this loss of installation as customer acquisition cost and it’s a reasonable one at that. We chose to be conservative and don’t defer or capitalize it on the balance sheet expensing it as it incurs. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased slightly, 155,000 totaling 9.8 million. Depreciation was 3.7 million and amortization of intangibles was 6.1 million. For the full year amortization of intangibles typically from value assigned to customer contracts acquiring acquisition will represent a significant after tax non-cash charge of $0.11 this year. Sales, general administrative expenses for the second quarter increased 3.5 million or 3.3% to 31.2% of revenues which was favorable from 31.7% for the second quarter last year. The decrease in cost as a percentage of revenues was driven by our ability to leverage our administrative and sales salaries along with reduction in bad debt expenses. These savings more than offset increases in professional services related to our commercial pricing initiative as well as higher advertising expense related our new advertising campaign. The tax rate for the quarter came in favorably at 37.2% for the quarter as we were able to resolve the last of our known state tax issues are expected to return to around 37.6% for the remainder of the year. We continue to operate from a solid foundation. We have confidence in our fundamentals. The company is performing well, the balance sheet is strong. As always our first priority for our remarkable cash generation capabilities remain investing in what we know best. Pest control and only pest control. At the same time we recognize our responsibility to our shareholders. Yesterday the company declared its regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per share. Earlier this month we announced the company repurchased 172,589 shares at a weighted average price of $24.41 per share. In total 5,125,000 additional shares may be purchased under the share repurchase program. With the year half over we are pleased, just never satisfied and well positioned for a great 2013. I look forward to talking to you next quarter. Let me express our continuing appreciation to all the Rollin’s associates whose hard work is behind our outstanding result. We’re likewise are most appreciative of our customer to make everything we do possible. Thank you for your time and interest. With that I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Sean Kim with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. I have a few questions. First of all on the commercial side with the new pricing, can you quantify what sort of positive impact on growth you will see in the coming quarters what you just implemented in June? And secondly on in terms of HomeTeam I think new home starts are running at close to about $1 million this year. And I think in the past you said you are expecting at least 70,000 installations this year, just about high single to may be 10% penetration. How do you – are you trying to drive penetration higher than what’s your strategy there? And lastly on the balance sheet I think you basically have no debt and your cash balance is basically at an all-time high. What’s your plan this year in terms of where you deploy capital, are you looking to accelerate buybacks or are you waiting for more acquisitions? Thanks.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Let me start with HomeTeam. HomeTeam has about I remember the numbers from last year about almost 25% penetration in the market that there in 50 markets across the U.S. While our plan is to concentrate in those markets, the issues is when we look at additional markets it’s not necessarily as warm climate. There is not much pest pressure and based on their experience as they’ve moved North it hasn’t worked as well for them as the sectors that they are in. So right now they deal with all of the large U.S. builders about I think the number was over 40% of their installs so far this year come from the three largest U.S builders. And I think the trend that’s happening in the home building industry for example most of the land has been bought up by the larger home builders, the smaller independent home builders they are having trouble getting financing. And the model seems to be changing where, very likely the larger builders are going to be even more dominant than they have been in the past. So our relationships with and having natural agreements with those the largest U.S. builders should help HomeTeam in the 50 markets they are in. Let’s see other question was plans for capital. Yeah, you are right we have a lot of cash I think when did the quarter was over $19 million in cash and no debt. Our first priority has been for many number of years to find and buy other leading regional and smaller pest control companies we continue to have discussions, build relationships. And we would love to do more pest control acquisition so unfortunately it often is a life changing event that finally brings them to the table. But we’ll continue…for that we’ll continue to be our number one priority. In terms of utilizing that cash if we can’t make acquisitions we review our dividend policy each year in the January Board meeting. And I am sure they will, we have a nice track record I think it’s so many years now 11 consecutive years we’ve increased the dividend minimum of 12.5%. Last year we did have a special dividend. And stock buyback we bought back – we would have love to buy more shares. We only bought back about 178,000 shares this past quarter. Average price we bought was under $25 and the stock went up late in the quarter and we slowed down our purchases. So we’ll continue working, what’s worked for us with the cash. Lastly the positive impact in commercial. The price increase was about $0.06 or 1%, little we gathered a little over $2 million from the pricing action in June. Some of our customers are monthly some every other month so we’ll see how it falls in July plus we’ll get the added benefit from HomeTeam which price increase doesn’t go into effect in July. So the ultimate impact is also is you have to look at what the retention is and the accounts and what not. So it’s kind of hard at this point to project but it should be better than I would think $6 million in total but that’s both commercial and residential and I don’t have the breakdown handy but commercial was more weighted commercial than it was residential this year. I hope that all helps.
Sean Kim – RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks. Thank you for taking all my questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey good morning, guys.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Harry just for the record, big pan [inaudible].
Harry Cynkus: I told him about that.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Little disappointed, but look forward to hearing what we get on 3Q.
Gary Rollins: Okay, we will work on it.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. So I know you guys don’t want to talk about weather and I certainly respect that but obviously it negatively impacted leads in 1Q and there probably was some unfavorable weather comps in the early part of 2Q. I guess I am just curious if you could maybe run through how lead growth trended per month last quarter?
Harry Cynkus: On the residential side, June was – I start with April and you are right I remember the Atlanta Braves out in Colorado playing a day game the first week in April and the temperature I think was a record 23 or 24 degrees. So definitely spring came mid-April and come mid-April the phones start ringing. We sell some overall some modest lead growth in April and each month April to May, May to June we saw better lead growth and ended up with strong lead growth in June and July is trending well. So how much is weather, how is our new advertising I think at this point it’s no longer weather, it’s the case of brand recognition I think Gary talked about – I don’t think a lot of people after watching Undercover Boss ran out and bought pest control but did plant the thought in their mind 30 days, 60 days when they see that cockroach or the ants, they’re going to have a very favorable impression and should have a right impression as to the great service that Orkin provide. Termite starts swarming in April and we saw consistent strong lead growth April, May and June in termite. And in commercial our commercial team is they that’s not so much a lead driven business. We changed management less than a year ago in our national account commercial sales team and they seem to be reinvigorated and we are getting some good traction there. So we feel good about our prospects for the rest of the year here.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. That’s good directional kind of commentary by month. Can you maybe just give us the year-over-year change. If my memory serves right I think leads were actually down 20% in 1Q, do you have what that comparable number was in 2Q?
Harry Cynkus: Yeah, they weren’t down quite 20, I don’t think it was but in the first quarter, yeah, the second quarter it approach double-digit lead growth, I don’t have that data right here.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. So basically you saw kind of snap back.
Harry Cynkus: Oh, yeah.
Gary Rollins: And the good thing is that if you’re going to have a down quarter, you want the first quarter to be down. It’s just the size of the quarter. So as Harry said we are very encouraged with our advertising and the interest that it’s creating. We have the weight of keep up with the data as far as our Internet hits and we can really kind of back cast as far as looking at the generic Google information to see really if is it the season or the advertising. So we will be able to – I wish we can determine that as we go but we will able to determine what have the biggest impact.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. Just a high level question on your longer term top line growth rate, if you go back it looks like revenue growth peaked at around 6% back in 2011. We have seen it moderate over the last couple years kind of into the high 4% range. Obviously this is a strong number given where the macros stand. But I am just curious with HomeTeam coming on nicely and potentially an opportunity to structurally change how you commercially price to your customers, do you think that that implies a reacceleration in top-line growth, are we looking at kind of a stabilization of top-line growth in this high 4% range?
Harry Cynkus: Well I can tell you we are not satisfied being less than 5%. So I think a fair answer would be yes. I mean we certainly think that the HomeTeam ramp up is going to contribute, but there is a lag time, the house has to be completed after we do our install, it has to be sold. And then we are contacting the customers for capture. So it’s like kind of planting a garden. But there clearly they are going to be making a bigger contribution going forward. And it’s going to be very interesting to see the result of our commercial price increase and this rate – projects. So I mean we are working on different areas to try to increase the growth rate.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: So bottom line it might be somewhat conservative to assume that growth kind of hangs around this, mid to high 4% range.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. That’s good color. And then just one clarification on the prior question regarding pricing, did I hear you right that so far you have only generated 6 million of incremental pricing. Doesn’t it typically come in much better than that, can you just…
Harry Cynkus: That was the impact on one month.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: On one month.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah. It wasn’t 6 million it was six-tenths of 1%, it was $2 million and that was one month.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So when you net it out I know it’s still early and you don’t have the retention. Net-net do you think that pricing is going to end up shaping out better than last year flat to last year, maybe even down a little?
Harry Cynkus: It’s better than last year.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And is that only a function of what you are doing on the commercial front or not?
Harry Cynkus: It is commercial because as I mentioned there were last residential customer is falling into a pool of eligible customers. So the commercial – the residential price increase dollars were quite down 14%-15% from last year but it was more than made up for by the commercial side.
Gary Rollins: Well you also have a factor that the average commercial customer pays more than the average residential customer. So when you increase both up 4% you are going to get a larger dollar figure of the commercial account.
Joe Box – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Perfect. That’s a great clarification. Thanks guys have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Clement with Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Gary, Harry good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: I am just curious, and I understand that for competitive reason you can’t go into everything but as you all – you talked about your residential price your annual residential price increase sort of the methodology and how you thought of that overtime and how that process evolved. How similar as you evaluated the commercial market for price increases, how similar was that methodology to the residential market or was it complete out difference between apples and oranges, and is there any additional color you can give in terms of the pressure point if you will that you and your consults looked out in the commercial market that maybe you wouldn’t have looked at in the residential market?
Gary Rollins: Yeah, I would say it is different. The residential, we look at what our closure rate is by market which tells us how we are doing competitively we see closure in Tuscan is substantially less than what we are getting up the road in Phoenix it might say we were getting ahead of ourselves or behind or whatever. On the commercial we took a different tack and one other thing we were able to do this year is to actually calculate our labor cost or our profitability down to an account level. So we were able to identify accounts we are losing money on. And then when you figure out you are losing money you have to then look at why you are losing money, is it because something we are doing that we are not doing a good job in solving the customers issue and we have a lot of call backs that don’t generate any revenue or it was just price [bar] that we thought – and so on the commercial, commercial is all about recapturing your labor. And so what we spend a lot of time doing is looking at that relationship as to what the revenue per labor hour was and are we being paid for the work we are doing at a fair return on it. So it was a much more in-depth look on the commercial side and a different approach versus residential.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: I must say that is very helpful. And Gary or Harry whoever wants to handle this question, for years we would have assume to see higher rates of revenue growth in your commercial business, just as a result of market dynamics and how fast the market was growing, now you have a more robust housing market which is favorably impacting residential business. As we look out over the next, let’s say four to six quarters should we sort of view it as a toss-up on a quarter-to-quarter basis as to which you think would post the higher revenue growth number?
Gary Rollins: I would expect it percentage wise that the commercial revenue will be growing faster.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay.
Gary Rollins: And I think that some of the things that we are doing with our rate cards and as Harry explained with our making sure that our accounts are priced properly I think is going to give us a boost as far as our revenue is concerned and we have been fortunate in a national account area that we have ramped up our sales force and our success rate there. So I really think that commercial will be growing faster than residential. We will take residential and…
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Yeah no, absolute, I was not asking the question there was no motive behind the question other than you are throwing a stronger housing market it will be interesting to see that will happen with the numbers.
Gary Rollins: In the HomeTeam have off quarters, there is no doubt about that and sometimes the homes are completed in 90 days, sometimes are completed in six months I mean it just depends on there is a lot of variables but we have a pretty good model I mean we know what it was doing when we bought it and we know when it was when the garden kind of came to fruition we know what happens then and the rate of growth is greater than any that they have ever experienced. So it’s going to be interesting to see how that plays out.
Harry Cynkus: And on the commercial side I saw last week we just sold a substantial national account up in Canada that represents $2 million in annual revenue. So the sales team is selling.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay. Very, very good and Harry I think I would be remiss without just commenting that during that cold stretch of April your outfield just upped and hit 12 home runs, it was only hit $0.04. Take care, thanks a lot for the time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Hey thanks for taking my question. I just want to talk about the big picture marketing plan that you had. It seems like just a few years ago you were spending about 4.1% of your sales and marketing and that’s down to about 3.8%. I think some of your like a key competitor of yours spend about 5% of their sales on advertising. So I am just curious Gary you mentioned the marketing spend increasing to eight. How should we think about the percent of sales and marketing longer term over the next year or two? And are you worried about being out spent by your key competitors? Any color on that would be great. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Well, I am not worried about the competitors, maybe I should be, but I am not. I think if we look at our advertising very carefully we have the ability as I mentioned earlier to relate that to really the weather or the seasonality. We can look at demand surges and relate that to what we are experiencing and frankly we believe that we will be increasing our spend this year based on the early results that we are seeing from our advertising. So I would think that we would be spending a greater percentage on advertising this year, but we found that in the past you can’t spend yourself rich. There is a point of diminishing returns, you can’t stretch your season, you can’t make your season start earlier and you just got to be careful that you are getting a return as far as what you are spending.
Dan Dolev – Jefferies: Got it. Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time. Please continue.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well thank you for joining us today. We look forward to the next quarter and we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude our conference for today. If you would like to listen to a replay of today’s conference please dial 303-590-3030 or 1800-406-7325 with access code 4628395. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilyn Meek – IR Gary Rollins – Vice Chairman and CEO Harry Cynkus – SVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts:  Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets Clint Fendley – Davenport Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Rollins Inc First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Today conference is being recorded April 24, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-406-7325 with the pass code 4612026. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter of 2013 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all of the statements that have been made in this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risk and uncertainty and actual risks may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings including the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. Let me now turn the call over to Gary, our CEO and recently promoted Vice Chairman of the Board.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. Mother nature was a fickle lady during our first quarter. Last year 2012, she gave us the warmest three months in the U.S. for over 100 year, which contributed to recorded revenues and profits. This year, she handed us the coldest with the greatest snowfall quarter in two decades. In spite of those obstacles however, we continue to grow our revenues and this was accomplished primarily through the recurring revenue that we build over the course of last year. For Rollins’ that type of revenue is the gift that keeps on giving. Revenue for the quarter increased 3.5% to almost $300 million and net income was $23.2 million just slightly above last year’s net income of $23.1 million. The impact of the weather was felt and leads all across our service lines particular termite and residential pest. While pest control was down double-digits from last year’s record, what I find encouraging is our residential pest leads were up nearly 15% over 2011, which was a more typical first quarter. The good news is that spring is here and with the weather now warming up, the pest removing and the phones ringing. Weather aside, our sales and marketing efforts continued to be an important and powerful influence in creating greater awareness for our family of brands, while contributing to the growth of the company. Orkin’s new marketing programs and advertising further establishes Orkin as the pest control expert. You may be aware that Otto Orkin working and founded working in 1901 when he was just 14. One of his first jobs was to rid a family’s barn of rats and even back then he took a scientific approach to accomplish those. From the barn addict he studied how the rats moved, what they eat and how they functioned in order to figure out how to eliminate them. He understood that to dispatch pest, you had to look think like the pest. Over the years Orkin Exterminating expanded geographically and develop expertise regarding other pests, such as ants, cockroaches, termites and bedbugs. Yes, bedbugs were even present back then. This growth was accomplished by perfecting the same scientific logic to eliminate a pest you have to think like a pest. In the 1950s Orkin stepped up its marketing efforts introducing Otto, The Orkin Man in the form of singing spray can. During that time, television viewer saw the company’s first TV commercials. Later in the 80s, the icon they viewed as a human faced, exterminator robot. And in the late 90s, he appeared as an animated robot. It’s noteworthy however, that The Orkin Man never really addressed the scientific approach we have always followed in controlling pest. With the launching of our new ad campaign this month. We now have a marketing strategy that focuses on our greatest asset The Orkin Man. Our advertising communicates what he is doing and the lengths that he’ll go to solve your pest problem. The mission of our new campaign, which is fully integrated from online to television and radio is to make consumers aware that Orkin is the leader in providing solutions based on sign, not just for any home but for your home. And that we’re continually developing new ways to responsibly control pest with a specific plan for each customer’s home or business. This year just about every prospect or customer touch point has been addressed to showcase The Orkin Man and the lengths that he goes to everyday to solve our customer’s pest control problem. Like Otto Orkin, we continued to be the pest control industry’s innovators by staying on the cutting edge of science and technology while we provide our best-in-class pest services. A good example of groundbreaking industry technology in another area was accomplished through our recently launched Homesuite iPad application or app. Homesuite is now used by our residential sales inspectors to enable them to better describe the need for and the service we’ll be delivering to our customers specifically to their home. There are three features under the Homesuite app approximately that we refer to as present, meet and inspect. The first present enables us to show a prospect the full array of our residential offerings. We have pest controls, termite treatments, bedbugs or any of our ancillary services. Inspector is able to customize the presentation to the prospect needs with actual photos of their home it has been used to describe the exact service that will be provided. The second feature meet enables the customer to see in advance specifically who will be servicing their home and who in our office they will be seeking with on the phone. Our meet application allows our representative to present our employees faces to the customer with photos of their technician and the branches administrative staff. And the last feature is inspect, which I think is even more amazing this routine allows the inspector to grab the customer’s home document test activity and illustrate a customized treatment program all on the iPad. After reviewing this material with the customer, a written proposal can be mailed to them in a PDF format. Early results from the use of our Homesuite app shows that sales closure is improving as well as the painting increases in our ancillary sales. These were the moisture control insulation etc. While for, this is very important in our fourth quarter and first quarter when pest activity is low and creative sales are so important. We presently in the process of rolling out BizSuite, which follows the same home suite fundamental, but is adapted for the commercial prospect and our account managers. Orkin is the first national pest control company to use proprietary iPad applications as sales tool. And we believe that this will give us a great competitive advantage. Training also plays a significant role in differentiating our company. Our culture of continued improvement challenges us to constantly upgrade our training for all of our employees and our franchisees employees. These investments resulting in again for the 11th year in the row is being recognized by training magazine as a top 125 training companies. This distinction is based on programs tied to meeting business objectives with the best training practices and outstanding training initiatives. We appreciate all of those in our company who work so diligently and helping to make our company the best trained in the pest control industry and among most companies in any industry. This achievement provides a direct benefit to our customers as well as our employees. The company stability and success in many regards are the result of exceptional leaders. We enjoy contrary of talent that most frequently comes from within our own ranks. We were therefore extremely pleased when in late January the Board of Directors elected John Wilson, President and Chief Operating Officer of Rollins, Inc. Further yesterday, John was elected to the Rollins Board of Directors at our company’s Annual Shareholder Meeting. John has been at Rollins for 17 years and first worked as an Orkin technician and sales inspector while in college. During his career he has became fully indoctrinated in our company and has successfully held many positions, including that of an Orkin branch and region manager as well as President of the commercial division, President of the Southeast division and most recently since 2009, had the responsibility as President of Orkin USA. Additionally in January, Gene Iarocci, was promoted to President of Orkin in North America. Gene has been with us for 10 years and came to us with a great deal of multi-unit management experience within a number of service and manufacturing industries including Union Carbide where he worked for 24 years. Since joining our company he has served as a region manager division, Vice President, President of Orkin’s Atlantic Division and most recently working closely with me as Vice President of Corporate Administration. Gene has also been in office at Rollins since 2011. We’re extremely fortunate to have both John and Gene assume greater leadership roles in our company. We’re making good progress on the initiatives that we discussed on our last call including service lead, where we now have 27 branches and pilot. We continued to fine tune this CRM and operating system to ensure a successful national roll out. With these last improvements we should have an extraordinary branch operating system that all brands can benefit from. We plan to start a full Orkin roll out beginning in the fourth quarter. As I stated earlier spring is strong the phone are ringing and we’re very excited about our prospect for the balance of 2013. And we’re committed to achieve our goals for this year. I’ll now turn the call over to Harry. He will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Bye, bye winter skies, hello yellow sun and pollen filled days, spring is here that’s what people say don’t discuss me call the Orkin call center. It was long time coming this year and after glowing last year I can now sympathize with last year’s winter clothing retailers. The numbers are as pretty as last year’s first quarter but one of the strengths of our business is that 2012’s recurring revenue came through for us. Looking at the numbers, the company reported first quarter revenues of $299.7 million, an increase of 3.5% over the prior year first quarter revenue of $289.5 million. We experienced that growth across all of our family of brands but one which was up 2.1%. Overall, net income increased 4.1% to $23.2 million compared to $23.1 million with EPS flat to last year $0.16 per diluted share. Fortunately, unlike retail, our many other businesses we are not reliant on what business walks in the door each quarter. Our business model can be better described as subscription liked model, while we never like to lose the customer, unfortunately it does happen. Sometimes it move, sometime it’s related to service, sometimes for price and then in case of our residential customers because we’ve done our job well, no pass. In order to grow those customers need to be replaced, around 6% of our residential customer base and 3% of our commercial customer base each quarter. Fortunately, we added recurrent customers throughout last year still began our base. Unfortunately, this quarter was spring coming later, our anticipated leads didn’t occur as planned and our demand slowed. With typical first quarter weather in the contribution of the marketing group we expect to see the internet light up in the phones to ring off the hook. Last March, we saw organic traffic to our websites substantially exceed any previous month by over 100,000 visits. This quarter it just didn’t happen. While we see a significant decrease or saw a significant decrease in leads, sales and starts, I wouldn’t call our results totally disappointing as we enjoyed improved closure and pricing and most importantly we also saw improved customer satisfaction, a key indicator of the long-term health of our company. April is not over, but early results are encouraging. Orkin’s brand is becoming only more valuable in this digital era. Usually I talked next about whatever business allowing is our bright spot usually residential or commercial pest control. Although termite had a decrease one-tenth of 1%, I feel qualified with this quarter’s bright spot. They were running up against last year’s unbelievable first quarter revenue growth of 10.5% and nearly equaled that revenue despite a 20% plus increase in leads. Our upgraded new series of Homesuite iPad application for our sales inspectors that Gary spoke about really showed its worth, resulting in improved closure percent and improved price realization. Our termite sales group deserve added and adding the nice increase in ancillary sales, HomeTeam’s growing pretreat business and the recurring revenue that comes from our termite renewals and it totals a quarter surprisingly nearly as strong as a year ago. Commercial pest control which makes up 42% of our business had a respectable 3.7% increase, our national accounts group had success with the addition of our hometown airline Delta as well as further penetration and location expansion in a number of current existing national accounts. Our residential pest control business, which makes up almost 40% of our business and nearly 27,000 less calls in the first quarter this year. But thanks to the recurring revenue base built over last year still grew 5.4%. The residential business is the most pest problem dependent and as a potential customer usually waits so they have exciting than with top miner awareness think of Orkin and reach out to us. Fortunately, in this environment not all of our brands are as dependent and leads. HomeTeam business is driven by new home construction while it was reported that one gauge of confidence among homebuilders fell in April for a third month of decline hitting the lowest levels in six months you couldn’t tell it by our business with builders. In fact our new home starts were up nearly 35% in the first quarter totaling over 17,000 representing the biggest installation quarter in over four years and April appears even stronger. While it hurts margin in the short term it’s the drive for HomeTeam future growth and profitability, installs don’t drive revenues significantly however they do drive costs. Systems are installed while our house is being trained there remains a lot of work before that home finished and sold. As a result there is significant delay between installation and activation of the built in pest control defense system by the new homeowner. We only now beginning to see the gains from the early 2012 HomeTeams and saw growth which helped increase overall their revenues up 8.6% this quarter. For those interested in our bed bug business, it was up 16.9% to $10.1 million. We expect that growth to accelerate as well with the arrival of spring. Gross margin for the quarter declined 70 basis points to 48.1% from the first quarter versus 48.8% in the prior year. The decrease in operating margin was due to not achieving our planned revenue per employee as we stand up for spring that was late. Additionally, we had increase in material supply COGS related to an increase in HomeTeam, Tubes in the Wall installed as well as increase in the ancillary materials. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased slightly $127,000 totaling $9.9 million, depreciation was $3.7 million and amortization of intangibles was $6.2 million. For the full year, amortization of intangibles typically from the value with signing to customer contracts acquired in an acquisition will represent a significant after tax non-cash charge of $0.11 a share. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased $4.3 million or 4.5% to 33.1% of revenues increasing from 32.8% last year. The increase in margin percent is due to professional services related to our commercial pricing initiative, increase in cost associated with the implementation of our new branch operating system and higher advertising expense as we launched our new advertising campaign. Tax rate for the quarter came in favorably at 34% for the quarter as we were able to resolve some tax uncertainties. I expect it to return to around 37.5% for the remainder of the year. Our balance sheet remains strong Rollins ended the quarter with $82 million in cash and no debt. Our working capital remained negative despite our strong cash position as we continue to have more customers prepay us for services, $96.3 million in current unearned revenue and those who owe us for current services, $65.6 million in trade receivables, what a great business. One last piece of news I am excited to let everyone know that Rollins, Chief Operating Officer, John Wilson participated in the CBS Reality Show, Undercover Boss. The series follows executives as they go undercover to work anomalously with their company’s front line employees and gives them the chance to learn more about their company first hand. The episode will air Friday May 3, at 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on CBS. I hope you all will tune in to watch. Before I turn the call back to Gary, let me express our appreciation and thank all the Rollins, Orkin, Orkin Canada, HomeTeam, Western, IFC, TruTech, Crane Associates, whose hard work and dedication contributed to a hard quarter and will be contributing to another record year. We also thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support. I will echo Gary’s comment, spring has arrived, the phones are ringing and we’re very excited about our prospects for the balance of 2013. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry and by the way I didn’t know you’re an inspiring Polish. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, guys. This is actually Andy Davis filling in for Joe.
Gary Rollins: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. So, obviously you guys called up the weather impact on the year-over-year numbers and here you went through kind of the growth to the company. Just looking that maybe get a little more granularity on what didn’t materialize that you guys are expected kind of where that was. And maybe if you can just discuss a little bit more how they picked up since the lower December you called out last quarter and maybe the cadence on new customers start to get a date, any color there would help?
Gary Rollins: First, you broke up there Andy and on the question, I’m not quite sure the last part of question?
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just basically how going forward how leads have trended since the lower December and then maybe the cadence of new customers start that you’ve seen if any in the quarter?
Harry Cynkus: Well I think Gary and I both alluded to leads were down into the first quarter 20 plus percent, last year the weather got real hot starting in February, the tulips were out and the pest were moving about. So, while the – I don’t think it’s a trend of less interest because I think the takeaway, the interesting thing when you compare the leads this year to 2011 first quarter with weather was not as, still not as bad as this years but certainly far from what we saw in 2012, the leads were up 15% over what they were two years ago. So, I think on our top of mind the awareness, our marketing activities, our digital strategy are working, everything is in place to the weather is now back, we have spring, we got a new advertising campaign. So, we’re excited as to our potential to import.
Gary Rollins: Yeah, Jim let me add to that. For those who have followed the company a long time, we don’t talk about the weather. The only reason we talked about the weather last year was because it was so phenomenon, I mean it was the best weather in 100 years. We had 26% increase in leaves, I mean it was just unbelievable. And the only reason we brought it up this year as we did we knew we’re going to repeat that kind of lift but we didn’t expect the worst weather in two decades. So, going forward we don’t want to talk about the weather, we want to talk about our business. So, you’re not going hear anymore about the weather.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure. And I’m ultimately just trying to determine whether this was more of a delay due to that weather, if there is anything else in there that could impact results going forward?
Harry Cynkus: No, we feel pretty good. April so far we’ve recovered from the drop and we’ve got a couple weeks left. So we think that we’re going to have a good April and the spring drives you a little bit crazy because it moved around typically 30 days one way or another. So we’re – we got the people hired, we got them equipped. As John Wilson told me yesterday, they’re well rested because they didn’t have a lot to do the first quarter. So we think that we’ve got the plans in place to have a good year.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure, that’s good color there. And then maybe just switching over to the cost side. I know last quarter Harry, you gave us kind of a specific breakout, of the different impacts. Looking at this quarter, can you maybe just one, sort of specifically talk about the productivity headwind in the quarter and how that compared to I believe 30 basis points last quarter? And then two, maybe did the other headwind that they as you had expected particularly the insurance adjustments we had?
Harry Cynkus: Yeah and I don’t have that in front of me the, our – we staff up in the spring that came late, so our productivity suffered. I’d have to go back and look – I think the deterioration in service.
Gary Rollins: It’s and probably in the neighborhood of 20 to 30 basis points and administration and well and CSP. And on the insurance with three months certainly doesn’t make a year, the number of claims is running below last year. We haven’t seen the severity that we had last year. So at this three months into the year, we’re keeping our fingers crossed, we’re pushing out a lot of initiatives and raising consciousness in the field and trying to make it more and more part of safety, consciousness at top of mind. So we’re seeing some early favorable results but it doesn’t take too many bad accidents to set your back.
Harry Cynkus: We’re also going to add, we have three divisions now that’s almost safety program, and the first one was the southeast and as a result of the success that we have there, we roll it out to two more and I would expect by the end of the year that we will have the whole, all of working on it and I think western is on it as well. So, we’re not just hoping, we have programs in place or other wins that we think will make a difference.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure. And I guess just to put that plainly, I mean with, I think your incremental margin for this quarter were actually a bit negative. Basically to trying to part out if you think that the revenue impact from the spring hitting in 2Q will fully the leverage back up or if you think it will take more time for that to play out in some of this metric?
Harry Cynkus: The revenue comes, the labors in place that will take care of itself. We’ll have our difficult price increased program goes in place in June. We’ve been working with Boston Consulting Group and the commercial side of business that we hope to see a little positive impact from that as well. So, I think that the first quarter was a full convenient. I think we would expect a return to our strength this quarter.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay and I’m sorry.
Harry Cynkus: No, very good, thank you.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah.
Gary Rollins: One last question.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: I did, I was going to actually use your segue there with the Boston Consulting study. I know that was underway last quarter and should start bit early maybe but any initial takeaways you guys can share in any anticipated difference in pricing as we sort of near that June July timeframe?
Gary Rollins: Well, we’re at the final stretch now. We have tested some of the things that they’ve suggested well, in February and March. So we’re just now getting some of those results back and analyzing that. So it’s really too early to say with any assurances here is what the impact will be but we haven’t done a project with BCG that hasn’t been successful. So I don’t want to go out and let me say it’s going to add X, Y or Z, but they will pretty well run on that, they’re keeping will get a nice return on that professional services cost that we’re incurring.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sure, sure, that’s fair and I guess just nothing then that we should anticipate at this time for sort of the middle of year?
Gary Rollins: No.
Harry Cynkus: No.
Andy Davis – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Well, that is all for me. Thanks guys.
Gary Rollins: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport. Please go ahead.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Harry.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning Clint.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: Also enjoyed the poetry there Harry, thank you.
Gary Rollins: That was encouraging.
Harry Cynkus: I don’t give up my days up.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: I wondered if you guys can maybe share the pricing and volume trends that you experienced during the quarter. And I am wondering, you talked about your prepayment plan if there is any incentive to maybe move the customers over to that because of a better pricing, maybe that you are seeing on the prepayment side?
Harry Cynkus: We always encourage our customers to either prepay or leave their credit card with us and we went from which I think seven, eight years ago with no credit card numbers and to auto-pay we’re today in excess I believe of 40% of our customers.
Gary Rollins: This is typically the residential pest control customer. And my day sales outstanding on my residential customers in Orkin, is right around 14 to 15 days because a lot of them pay me upon service. And customers who pay by credit card tend to stay and take a few extra services. So we continue try to encourage people to either pay in advance or pay with their credit card. Pricing trends, we saw like I said on a, what is still I think characterized by a lot of industries in the first quarter seeing consumer resistance and what not. We haven’t seen that in terms of pricing. We got a few percentage price realization average prices is going up, I think some of that is better sales presentations from the home inspectors, home sweeps as the problems we had. We are selling more combination jobs, like we’re doing termite treatments in conjunction with moisture control or insulations or the average job price is going up nicely in termite. We would hope that this commercial project that we’re doing BCG will raise commercial prices. Did not see any in our testing price increases, did not see any elasticity problems. We’ll have a more sophisticated price increase program this year, so you know we I mean we’re the leaders we make no bones about it. I mean we charge more than the rest of the industry but we’re worth it.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: Any color just on how April was shaping up so far and obviously we’ve seen everything get off to a slow start this year. Last year we had sort of a pull forward into Q1 could we see the reverse in Q2?
Gary Rollins: No I think no, April started off a little slow and certainly picked up momentum. I don’t think the phone is ringing off the hook out quite get out in December I saw my land got snowed out two days ago and I think they’re digging, yesterday was 23 degrees, 27 degrees for baseball game. And I think the match got snowed out in Minneapolis as well. So spring hasn’t come everywhere, but when I checked yesterday we’re running – we made up the early deficit and starting to run ahead. So we’ll keep our fingers going I think the new advertising campaign is kicking in. We’re getting a lot of play and getting good feedback on that. And I hope John Wilson.
Harry Cynkus: John Wilson is going to help us on this too I think that’s one of the most heavily viewed shows on the reality show on television. Could be so, we haven’t seen any customer..
Gary Rollins: We will Orkin diamond permanently displayed throughout the whole one hour or so.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: I’ll definitely have to watch for that. Harry on the tax rate should we be back to roughly the 37% in Q2?
Gary Rollins: Yeah.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: Okay. And then last question it’s a little bit of different kind of question but I’ve seen a few new reports here that at least on the East Coast from the Carolina’s kind of up through New York is a, the return of the cicadas which I guess happens every 17 years and creates kind of an invasion above, is there anything you guys or any services you have provided in the past for that or is it pretty much you just have to grin and bear it until the things go away, just wondering if there is any kind of one-time above from that?
Gary Rollins: Well, it certainly going to make people more insect-aware. I mean it can hurt but we don’t do any agricultural pest control.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: Okay.
Gary Rollins: The fact that you’ve got that many bugs in the air certainly came earlier.
Clint Fendley – Davenport: Sounds like we’re about to get the pay back for the slow start that we’ve seen. Anyway, thanks, guys.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Clement with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Hi. Gary, Harry, good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: I’m not sure whether this kind of thing is trackable or not but as you look back at the first quarter of 2012 and the tremendous lead generation that had and obviously lead closure, has there been any difference in terms of retention rate a year later with that group versus what you’ve just seen over the last peak hour over number of years? In other words, if abnormal weather phenomenon caused more customers to sign up, have they stuck with you?
Gary Rollins: Yeah, our retention, we watch our retention very closely. I mean those we will have lacked, those that we sold in the first quarter. So, our retention continues to improve and is – I mentioned or Harry mentioned about the customer service surveys, I mean we really have been working on improving our survey, I mean our service and measurement, our service. So I think that we’ve got programs in place, but the great thing is we have 400 locations, so when you get a big surge of lead like that it’s not like it all falls in Florida or North Georgia or whatever. So we’ve got a lot of people, a lot of branches that can assimilate that business. And so those customers got as good a first service as customers that were sold throughout the year.
Harry Cynkus: But the answer – it’s not unusual to see a pickup in lost customers in that first year when you have influx of new customers because those are the most difficult to retain.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Right.
Harry Cynkus: Those are ones who want to become lifetime customers. We did see a small, our retention numbers on the residential side, were up a little. We didn’t quite retain as much it wasn’t any significant difference. On the commercial side, we saw our best retention and might have been its on regular termite.
Gary Rollins: And in termite we saw a great retention. But even pest control Harry was like 10 upon one.
Harry Cynkus: Yeah it was, I mean it was.
Gary Rollins: Yeah I think that’s not significant – I wouldn’t view that as a specifically meaningful number at all.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: And just a follow-up kind of seasonality and just, if you guys can just if you all can give us a reminder, my recollection is that typically, you all have strong March or a strong April. Rarely the two are strong at the same time and rarely the two are strong at the same time, and rarely are the two are weak at the same time, is that a fair assessment of history here?
Gary Rollins: That’s correct.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay. And then so from a lead generation perspective, you would expect – I would assume you would expect that the metrics to improve, whether it’s not by the end of the week certainly as you move into early May, is that...
Gary Rollins: When the season really starts breaking the momentum picks up and typically May is better than April and June is better than May. I mean it just rolls through the spring rolls into the summer and then waves off in the following winter.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay. Thank you all very much for your time and final question Gary, acquisition pipeline, I know it’s always hard to pry good companies away from owners but some of those owners aren’t necessarily getting any younger and maybe thinking about a state planning in that sort of thing. So can you give us kind of an update on view of the marketplace?
Gary Rollins: One of the things, we’re having a big meeting on the 1st of May here where we bringing our leaders in and talking about acquisitions and measuring how well we’ve done with the acquisitions that we have completed. One of the things that we’re doing this year that is first for us is that we’re putting incentives, offering incentives to our region managers and branch managers to identify acquisition candidates and participate in the coating process and we’ve never done that before. So we’re hopeful that that will be beneficial. And for most pest control companies, I mean this first quarter was a disaster.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Right.
Gary Rollins: So, we’re always going to look at that – with mixed emotions we hate it for ourselves, but sometimes that’s a turning point of people that may or may be now is the time for me to hang it up or call Orkin or whatever. So it will be interesting to see what the outcome is going to be in this first quarter as it relates to our acquisition activity.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Yeah, just a follow-up and I’m sorry to keep asking follow-ups here. But obviously you know who the top 50 firms are and I’m just – I’m wondering whether your success with GPS tracking and some of the way you managed your technicians and that sort of things has may be filtered down to what has been may be smaller company five or six years ago, but generally speaking the industry has done pretty well. So based on your comment about in sending some of your branch managers and that kind of things are there businesses that or may be outside of the top 50 that you think would be more – you’d be more likely to be interested in today than may be you would have been five or six years ago?
Harry Cynkus: I think so, one of the things that we’re doing better, is that we’re looking at strategic areas of the country. And certainly a small acquisition might be extremely important in an area where we have a branch that say, doing $1 million and to add another $1 million really changes the branch margins dramatically.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay.
Gary Rollins: In those areas in the country that we’re more interested in than others based on our penetration and based on the potential. So I think we’ve been more, are being more selective as to where to fish and I think that that’s going to be a beneficial as far as the year is concerned.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: And I guess my perception is that there are a lot of folks in the industry that are trying to borrow pages at your play book that may have prevented historically you being interested in smaller acquisitions, where now they’re running such a way where the culture might be more consistent with yours?
Gary Rollins: Well, I think we’ve got the best track record of ending with major quality I mean....
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Yeah, no doubt.
Harry Cynkus: We hold on to the employees, we hold on to the customers.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: Right.
Harry Cynkus: And I think we are the acquirer of choice.
Jamie Clement – Sidoti & Company: I would not disagree. Thank you all for your time as always.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back to manager for any final remarks.
Gary Rollins: Okay, well, thank you for joining us today. We look forward to the second quarter call and we’ll continue to work hard to continue to grow and improve our business. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. If you’d like to listen to a replay of today’s call you may do so by dialing 1800-406-7325 or 303-590-3030 and entering the access code of 4612026 followed by the pound sign. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-23 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins Inc. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today, January 23, 2013.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead. 
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release, however if anyone is missing a copy and then like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (800) 406-7325 with the pass code 4588006. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days.
 On the line with me today are, Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.
 Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin? 
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you us for our fourth quarter and year-end 2012 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin. 
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statements we make today.
 Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 for more information in the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. I’m extremely pleased to report that our company achieved record revenues and profits for both the fourth quarter and our full year, marking our 15th consecutive year of increasing revenues and operating profits.
 Revenue for the fourth quarter rose 6% to $306.4 million and net income increased 6.1% to $22.9 million with all of our brands and services contributing to these results. Revenue for the full year was $1.271 billion and net income grew to $111.3 million. EBITDA, exceeded $200 million for the first time in our history coming in at almost $260 million, excuse me, $216 million.
 Our ability to achieve record results is due to the commitment and effort of our more than 10,000 employees that work every day to achieve improvements in all we do. The progress we made in 2012 reflects the momentum gained in adding new customers while improving our service and retention.
 For the quarter, we continued to experience strong demand for our services with residential pest control up 8.7%, commercial rose 4.9% and termite revenue grew 3.6%. We’re particularly pleased with the growth that we experienced in each of these service lines.
 As reported throughout the year, we continued to see a growing interest in our bed bug services. Companywide, this business grew by nearly one-third year-over-year. We’re amazed in how this business has grown over the last four years, on a service that we didn’t even separately track in 2009, to representing over 3% of our revenues, or approximately $45 million.
 We continued to experience strong commercial demand for bed bug services. However, it’s not just a commercial problem. Homeowners are becoming more exposed and aware of this pest as we saw a tremendous growth in residential bed bug services, which was up approximately 60% this past year.
 Mosquito, another one of our ancillary services, although are relatively small part of our revenues, is also helping to build our business and our brands. Both of these services provide us the opportunity to gain new customers that potentially can benefit from all of our services. We look forward to these two areas continuing with strong year-over-year growth.
 To digress for a moment, I want to thank everyone for joining our call an hour earlier than usual. We needed to make this change in order for Harry and me to get to our Annual Companywide Leadership Conference being held here in Atlanta. It kicks off today and will run for the balance of the week. All of our North American top leaders will be in attendance.
 The theme for this year’s meeting is world-class customer service, raising the bar through leadership. In addition to participation by Rollins’ corporate department heads, region managers and above will have the opportunity to hear from a number of executives from other companies that are recognized for consistently delivering excellent service. We feel that there is much that we can learn from outsiders who like our self are dedicated to providing excellent service.
 The main goal of this meeting is to further inform an inspired leadership at Rollins to raise the bar in terms of the level of customer service that we deliver every day, everywhere. At our conference, we’ll be building on our companywide customer promise that I discussed last quarter. I believe it bears repeating since this promise contributed greatly to the progress that we made in customer satisfaction and retention last year.
 Specifically, we promised to provide our customers with a professional specialist who is respectful, delivers effective, responsible treatments, shares information and promptly responds to service requests. This focus has paid great dividends already. Well they say the proof of the pudding is in the eating and improving customer satisfaction is paying off as confirmed by our most recent customer satisfaction surveys. Recent results show an improvement in our net promoter scores of 5 percentage points over our 2011 score, when our customers are asked if they’re extremely likely or very likely to recommend our services.
 As you would expect we also saw a drop in the percent of dissatisfied customers. Keep in mind that this feedback whoever bad, goes directly back to the branch that services that customer. This element of accountability creates corrective action where needed and also enables our field locations to strive harder to get bragging rights among their peers.
 Our technological initiatives are continuing to pay a major role in improving both customer and employee satisfaction and retention. Throughout 2012, we launched the number of technological projects to help us accomplish our business strategy. By the way, since 2011, we have implemented 12 major technological initiatives. We completed several this past year and have added some new ones for the new year.
 To highlight a few, we launched a suite of advanced customer sales, internet and call center software to increase our lead conversion rate. We introduced a new call center platform that now links all Rollins’ call centers together while reducing the time it takes to turn an internet lead into an outbound sales call. We implemented state-of-the-art outbound predictive dialing for calling our web-based leads. This system has improved the sales agents’ productivity and close ratios substantially.
 The appropriate Rollins pest control brand name now shows up on perspective customer’s caller ID when we return their call. This helps to ensure those interested in our services to pick up the phone. We replaced our satellite based training system with a web-based employee training network that can be utilized by our employees and franchises worldwide. Our automated on-boarding employee process now engages and guides new hires from day one, getting every new employee’s first day experience off to a good start.
 Well it’s not just the major contributions, those that we tend to talk about, but also smaller ones that are making us a better company and employer. This past year we implemented our wheels fleet management system, which has provided 24/7 vehicle maintenance support. Better pricing on our purchasing of vehicles, improved management tools and proven programs directed to reduce our fleet expense.
 We entered 2013 with plans to further the advancement of our branch operating system service suite, which we believe will be one of our most beneficial and far reaching initiatives in our history. Eight branches went live last year and we’re off to a good start this year having converted eight additional branches. These will part of a fourth quarter acquisition. We’re particularly pleased with this last effort, as they demonstrated our ability to bring on multiple branches at the same time. We expect to add several more pilot branches in the first quarter and to significantly ramp up the rollout of additional branches during the year.
 Our goal is to have Orkin 100% completed in 18 months. When this happens, service suite will be in more than 400 branches companywide. We’re fully conscious no matter how good our past performance is, that there are many areas in which we can improve our business and one area that we’ll be focusing on this year is improvement in our procurement practices. We believe that there are significant opportunities in this area.
 We’re teaming with the Reebus procure-to-pay software which is a best of breed product as well is Metasys Technologies to provide strategic sourcing. We believe that this team approach will help us achieve the highest standard in sourcing results. Our goal is to significantly reduce the cost of everything that we buy and we believe that there is a multimillion dollar opportunity in this regard.
 We’ll also be taking a look at our commercial service pricing and price increase. You may recall that we worked with the Boston Consulting Group in 2008 on our residential pricing practices. We’ve asked them back to take a look at our commercial business and we’re already encouraged by the preliminary funding.
 We’re proud that this past year we’re recognized as the largest pest control company in North America, if not the world. Apart from that, we have 57 domestic franchises and 22 international franchises. We’re frankly amazed how many people abroad are familiar with the Orkin brand and want to be affiliated with it.
 We don’t take any of this for granted however, as I have said many times in the past, we know that we have maintain the trust and loyalty of our customers and our employees every day. These commitments are the strong hold of our business. All of us here at Rollins are extremely excited about our opportunities for the new year as we continue to grow and improve our business for the benefit of our customers, employees and shareholders.
 Harry? 
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on the call. It’s always a pleasure to get another record year in the books. With this call, I think we can officially say 2012 is complete. We should take some time now to bask in the joy for another successful year. But don’t worry, it won’t be a long celebration, actually as long as it takes us to drive from here over to the conference center and make sure our management team is focused on making 2013 an even better year.
 Let’s talk about the results.
 It was an interesting quarter with a number of challenges which I will touch on. Revenue was strong and with nearly 80% of our revenue being recurring, bodes well for next year. Today, we reported revenue of $306.4 million representing 6% revenue growth. Net income increased 6.1% to $22.9 million or $0.16 per diluted share compared to $21.6 million or $0.15 per diluted share for the same period in 2011.
 Year-to-date revenue is $1.271 billion, 5.5% increase. Net income for the full year has increased 10.5% to $111.3 million with EBITDA coming in at nearly $216 million.
 Let’s talk more specific about revenue. We saw revenue growth across all brands, all service lines and possibly all bug groups, well certainly bed bugs. Our residential pest control continues to shine, growing 8.7% for the quarter and making up almost 41% of our business. That’s a nice part of recurring revenue. We have a substantial increase in customers on our books as of December 31 waiting for their service this year.
 The fourth quarter is not a big lead quarter, but lead growth is growth. The quarter got off to a great start with a nice warm up double-digit lead growth, but then we hit some rocky times up in the Northeast, one of those challenges I referred to was Hurricane Sandy in October hitting New Jersey, New York, Connecticut. Don’t know what each part played, but when you combine a cooler and stormier December in many parts of the country, the other storm in the halls of congress, our cutback in advertising spend, December experienced the first month of reduced leaves in some time. Fortunately, December is in a big lead month and it looks like leads are coming back in January.
 Gary has already touched on our improving customer satisfaction scores and for the year they translated into improved retention rates not just for our residential pest control but across all service lines. Being the largest commercial pest control company in the world and with 42% of our revenue being commercial pest control it’s good to see it regaining its momentum. After watching the growth rate wane over the last couple of years we are pleased to see a pickup now for consecutive quarters growing 4.9% this quarter, 5% when excluding fumigations.
 Our termite and ancillary services grew 3.6% and represents almost 17% of revenue. While seasonally influenced, half of this revenue is recurring in nature, coming from year around monitoring and through annual renewal fees recognized ratably over the course of the year. The fourth quarter ended strong and I have to thank HomeTeam. Their penetration in the new home construction market is paying dividends.
 Gary has already given you the numbers on bed bugs, but I would like to point out those who might have missed Orkin’s January 15th press release announcing Chicago replaced Cincinnati as our number one bed bug city, Cincinnati falling to fourth. Washington and Richmond moved up a spot to seventh with New York falling a spot to 10. Don’t take much solace if your city loss standing on the list; regardless everyone still had more bed bugs than the year before.
 Gross margin for the quarter declined 90 basis points to 46.8% for the fourth quarter versus 47.7% in the prior year. There were a number of factors impacting us, some one-offs, some execution, some just the nature of the business. On execution we lost 30 basis points due to productivity.  What has been a strong year for adding new customers and resulting techs to handle that business, continued strong as I mentioned through October.
 When business draws back like it does at this point each year, we just didn’t react as quickly in some areas as we should have. Factoring to hurricane in the quarter and you get the picture.
 We self-insured for most of our casualty costs, auto, general liability and workers’ compensation have been experiencing higher costs all year but they turned ugly this last quarter. Unfortunately, we lost one of our technicians in a tragic vehicle accident through no fault of his own. This coupled with four other severe claims resulted in over a $3 million increase in our incurred losses. As a result, our insurance reserves had to be adjusted.
 Like other challenges, with rising costs we’ve faced, we have identified steps, programs and processes to tackle this challenge and improve our performance. We had good experience on termite claims but it wasn’t enough to mitigate the increase in casualty.
 On a positive note, though it’s still cost as probably incrementally over $0.5 million in the quarter, we experienced first-hand the homebuilder confidence in the market building more single family homes, which is near its seven year high. Since we have owned HomeTeam, this is the first time we saw installs of their tubes-in-the-wall Taexx system actually increase in the fourth quarter.
 Homebuilders are usually reluctant to start new homes late in the year. Not this year, starts surged and we saw a 55% increase over last year with over 17,000 installations, making it the biggest quarter since we’ve owned HomeTeam.
 Lastly, some other one-time costs totaling another $0.5 million coming from fees and other costs related to two acquisitions closed on in the quarter, as well as a new five-year revolver.
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased slightly, $132,000 totaling $9.8 million. Depreciation was $3.8 million with capital expenditures for the year totaling $19 million. The larger piece of the depreciation and amortization number is the amortization of acquired customer contracts totaling $6 million for the quarter and $23.4 million for the full year. This represents a significant after-tax charge of $0.10 a share.
 When we do pest control company acquisitions, there are seldom any significant hard assets on the balance sheet. And as a result most of the valuation end up being classified as intangibles and customer contracts. We currently have $142 million of intangibles from acquisitions on our balance sheet. With current amortization running approximately $23 million a year, we will have a few more years of this expense flowing through the P&L. We see little risk in possible impairment charges. All of the businesses we have acquired have grown as we continue to write down the value of the customer contracts recognized at the time of the acquisition while expensing fully the cost of all new customer acquisitions.
 Sales, general and administrative expenses increased $4.1 million or 4.4% to 31.9% of revenues decreasing from 32.3% of revenue. The impact of the higher casualty expense as well as tension on SG&A was offset by 60 basis point improvement in admin and sales salaries.
 In addition, we broken out separately on the P&L, the cost for terminating the Waltham Salary Pension Plan taking a settlement loss which resulted in $1 million charge to the P&L. I’ve learned that the only thing worse in running a pension plan is terminating one.
 The tax rate for the quarter came in at 34.6% and we were able to utilize some of our state NOLs. The year-to-date provision for income taxes came in at 37.0%. I really don’t see anyone coming to their senses in Washington and we ratably would expect the rate to turn back up next year.
 We continued to build on our solid foundation. Possessing a strong balance sheet and cash flows, Rollins is financially strong. EBITDA reached $216 million. A five-year $175 million year revolving credit agreement was expiring soon and we renegotiated or negotiated a new four-year agreement that can be extended an additional year to replace it. Unfortunately the easy cheap credit days of 2008 when we entered into our last agreement have ended. However, we don’t feel all that bad about our new $175 million revolver that is priced at LIBOR plus 75 points.
 With our strong cash flow this year, we continued to reinvest in the business. The number one priority for our cash continues to be reinvesting in the business we know best, pest control and only pest control. We funded our $19 million in capital expenditures and invested $25 million on acquisition this year.
 In the fourth quarter of this year, effective October 1st, we acquired eight North Florida location from Hulett Environmental Services based in West Palm Beach, Florida and we closed on December 31st, BBB Pest Control that operates in Orange County, California. These two acquisitions will contribute over $12 million in revenues to Rollins Inc. next year. With cash to spare, we returned $80 million to our shareholders through both our stock buyback and dividend programs in 2012.
 We bought back nearly 800,000 shares of our common stock and have authorization on purchase an additional 5.3 million shares. Included in the dividends paid for the year was a special one-time dividend of $0.12 per share which was paid in December and totaled $17.2 million.
 Speaking of dividends, I’d be remiss not to mention that yesterday our Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 12.5% to $0.09 per share for the quarter. This marks now the 11th consecutive year that the dividend has been increased a minimum of 12%.
 Lastly, and most importantly before I turn the call back to Gary, let me express our appreciation and thanks to all the Rollins, Orkin, HomeTeam, Western, IFC, Trutech and Crane Associates whose hard work and dedication contributed to these record results. We also thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support.
 With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Gary. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of James Clement with Sidoti. 
James Clement: Looking out over the next of couple of months, Gary, you all benefited from extremely favorable weather conditions and I recall that your termite business was up, I believe, 10.5% in the first quarter of last year. If, would you -- obviously weather is totally unpredictable, but I mean if you were to see a 5% or 6% decline in your termite business just the result of the timing of weather, I mean that wouldn’t be something you would be overly concerned about would it? 
Gary Rollins: No. In my 45 years I’ve never seen of a lead increase like we experienced in first quarter of last year. I mean it was just a perfect phenomenon. We do have some programs that I think will contribute that we didn’t have really in place extensive last year and that is our EDS sales management software that we developed which really enables us to look over really our sales performance, our proposal performance and really gives us quick data and quick insight as to what the salesmen are doing. And we’ve seen the momentum pick up, I think that contributed to our last quarter in the year of termites and that’s just going to continue to pay dividends. If you can identify a salesman in trouble and help him, you avoid the turnover and of course you improve your productivity. So we’re suspecting or expecting that that will help us and we’ve gotten better selling ancillary services like our Dry Zone and some of the other products.
 So the salesmen are not going to want to take a pay cut, and what we’ve experienced in the past is when leads slow down, they work harder to create them. But to your first question, I certainly even with all that, it’s going to be a tough quarter from a termite sales point of view. 
Harry Cynkus: Probably the toughest two quarters, we’ve taken a lot of season -- try to take seasonality out of the business with 42% of the business being commercial that gives us a solid base to build on, but you still have a lot on residential side of the businesses and with termite side of business, its impacted somewhat by weather and we see our revenues decline in the fourth quarter and you wait for it to come back on in Q1.
 I think last year, to put it in perspective, in Q1, half of our profit is made in March. So you hold on, January and February and you’re hoping for an early spring. The revenue differential between January and March, I think last year was $10 million at the month. So when you add $10 million on to mostly larger costs are in place and fixed, gives you a lot of leverage to the bottom line. So last year it was wonderful, warmest February and March in 117 years, the termite business got moved forward into the first quarter, let’s hope for an early spring again this year. 
James Clement: Okay. But even if you get it you’ll still get termite activity in April, I would imagine right. 
Harry Cynkus: They reproduce and swarm and they will be back. 
James Clement: Of course. Can you touch a little bit on the acquisition pipeline? 
Gary Rollins: The last year was an interesting year, similar to what we saw four years ago. When there is concern over capital gains rate, lot of people come to table and they want to price the business. We had, we were successful with two acquisitions in the fourth quarter like I mentioned we’ll add about $12 million in revenues next year. We had a few others that we were hoping to get to the finish line, didn’t quite get there, some, I think sellers remorse. We put in place a program to, I guess, we call it a finders bonus plan for our region managers who get a little more active in bringing forward -- build relationships and bring forward more opportunities to us. So we’re actively but it takes a willing seller to come to the table. It’s the number one priority for our cash, so we’ll keep banging the drums and try to find some good pest control companies to add. 
James Clement: Okay. As always, thank you very much for your time. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Joe Box: Just wanted to follow up on the deals, can you maybe talk about the business mix of the companies that you bought? Maybe just a little bit of commentary on the margin profile and if you expect the deals to be accretive. 
Gary Rollins: We always expect the deals to be accretive. It sometimes takes a little while to get out of the chute running. You have some startup costs, conversion costs and what not. The acquisition that came on October 1 was primarily residential business. Trying to think the -- about 60%, 70% was residential, 35% I think its termite. The acquisition we closed 12/31 was little over 50% I think will be commercial and the balance residential with very little termite. We expect that, although from an EBITDA standpoint they’re always accretive. Generate a lot of cash, a lot of times it comes down to how much of the purchase price you have to sign to the intangibles and how much that write-off will be, but we expect those margins in both those acquisitions to come up pretty quickly to what our margins run through the business, probably little better.
 I think in the Florida acquisition, they were in some markets, they didn’t have a big position in some of their markets which was the same markets we didn’t have a big position in. So by combining the operations of the two, we get a good size presence in a marketplace and reduce some of the brick-and-motor cost. So I would think our Florida acquisition within the year should have above average margins for us. The Florida, not Florida, the California acquisition is in a great market, Orange County, long established 40 plus year company, great customer retention. The average customer, when I was in internal audit, was doing due diligence, I think the average age of the customer that happened to be in their sample that they were looking at was over 10 years. So you love it when you have long lived customers, to make for great recurring revenue and predictability of business. 
Harry Cynkus: Joe, none of these acquisitions are identical. Some of them, one of them we really have a lot of the administrative costs that we can take out, because they pretty much have a manual service tracking system. And so we know that we can make a big in-road as far as that’s concerned. Often we look at revenue per vehicle. We can see that some of them have too many vehicles; most of them have not been very aggressive with their pricing. We think that we understand pricing well and depending on the time of the year that you acquire the company, you may or may not be able to initiate a price increase, we certainly don’t do that in the winter time.
 And so we kind of have a process that we go through when we do our models as to which one of these margins that we think that we can move and as I mentioned earlier, they all vary somewhat. 
Joe Box: Sure. Excellent, that’s good color. Maybe changing gears a little bit, could you talk about the commercial environment, one, are you seeing any uptick in terms of services being added by your customers or two, are you starting to see the pricing environment improve from some of your competitors. I guess I’m just trying to understand what the main driver is behind some of the improvement in growth. 
Gary Rollins: I think the biggest driver that you have is the effectiveness of your sales force. And we have this biz -- what was it called… 
Harry Cynkus: Bizweek? 
Gary Rollins: Bizweek, thank you Harry. So we’re able to have an application that we can share with the customer to show what’s going on in this kitchen, for instance if it’s a restaurant or loading area and really sit down and customize a presentation for that particular location and that particular type of customer. And we’ve now got it located, rolled out I think in all of the U.S.. Some -- I think Western was the last one to be converted. And so we’re seeing a nice part, one of the big contributors to our good quarter in commercial was the fact that our salesmen are more successful in closing them. So to me, we’ve got a lot of opportunity in improving the number of calls that they make and I think this Bizweek will make them more effective as far as their closure is concerned. 
Harry Cynkus: I think we’re learning, we mentioned in Gary’s comments bringing on Boston Consulting Group to work with us on the commercial side. They’re tearing apart all the data and looking for the anomalies, but we’re learning a lot about exactly happened in the field, how they’re pricing, how they should be pricing. So I think that bodes well for us, I think we’ll get smarter on the pricing side and that’ll help us typically our price increase on commercial, well both residential and commercial come June or July. So we don’t see anything other than opportunities in the environment. So right now I think its execution and I think we’ll add, be able to add something on the pricing side, getting smarter on how we go to market. 
Joe Box: Perfect, thanks. And I apologize if I didn’t catch this earlier. Harry, can you maybe just sum up what the total cost headwind was in the quarter that might not be recurring going forward? 
Harry Cynkus: Well, I think the productivity will change. I mean we’re going to bring that back in line, so I think the 30 basis points we lost there, we’ll probably be a little high in January, February and it’ll come back in line with the business in March. The self-insurance, we took 100 basis points to hit there. We’re projecting that to come back in line, but we need to make sure we have safe drivers and safe work environments. The experience we have this year was very unusually outside the norm for us. So that’s an area we had bringing cost down for seven consecutive years. So the HomeTeam, I think we’re going to continue to see hits on the HomeTeam side because we’re open more and more houses get -- come out of the ground, but that’s a good thing because those 60,000 installations we did this year will be at lot of new customers coming on board next year which offsets some of it.
 The $0.5 million in the revolver and acquisition costs that’s definitely is one-time as well. So we think our margins will come back to where they were historically and we have opportunities to certainly improve on that. 
Joe Box: Okay. And maybe I can ask it a little bit of a different way as well. If you look at incremental operating margins, they’ve averaged about 36% over the last four quarters. Obviously it came in at 4% this quarter, which was down for a number of the reasons that you just alluded to. Do you see incremental maybe snapping back to that more normalized range or do you think that there might be somewhat subdued over the next couple of quarters? 
Gary Rollins: I don’t believe there’ll be subdued with the programs we have in place. 
Joe Box: Great. That’s all I have. Thanks guys. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We do have a question from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport and Company. 
Clint Fendley: Sorry if this has already been asked. I got disconnected a couple of times. So I’m wondering what the longer term implications are for the huge uptick that we saw in the HomeTeam installations? Just based on your pipeline of activity and the current low inventories for housing, what is your outlook for this business this year? 
Gary Rollins: We expect it to continue to grow. I think last quarter, we were projecting and thinking 60,000 installed next year and ended up hitting that this year. Based on contracts and homes and the things in the pipeline, it easily could be 65,000 and if housing doesn’t turn down, could hit 70,000. So we might add additional 5,000, 10,000 more installs next year over this year, but the good news is that higher level of installs will start turning into recurring revenue as those homes are completed, sold and we get to sell that homeowner on activating his pest defense system. 
Clint Fendley: Do you think it’s possible given the installs that we had last year and what you’re expecting in the coming year, could that result in potentially a residential growth rate that could accelerate maybe to a level, say 10% or more as a result of the high level of activity that we’re now seeing? 
Harry Cynkus: Well, the HomeTeam is $150 million odd out of our $1.2 billion. So we certainly see their growth accelerating to 9%, can they hit 10% next year? I think they’re sandbagging in their projection. They won’t admit they could do 10% next year. So that will certainly trickle down and affect our overall growth rate, but we need a lot of leads coming in and lot of continued success marketing steps and tricks up their sleeve. So we certainly would like to see that the residential business continue to accelerate. 
Gary Rollins: We know that our model works because prior to the recession, we could get a sense of what happens when these homes are sold and it’s just kind of like finding the pump. I mean the housing starts, it really been kind of dismal, they picked up. They’re running at a good pace now. And ultimately these houses will be sold and they’ll start contributing to the profitability. So I mean I think they were expecting a good year from HomeTeam’s this year. 
Clint Fendley: Last question. Could you guys remind me, I know that shortly after you bought this business that you were very optimistic about expanding your relationships with a lot of other builders, I mean just remind me on where you stand on that today? 
Gary Rollins: Well we’ve added -- since we’ve acquired them, we’ve added Toll Brothers and what was the one on… 
Harry Cynkus: They do business with the, I think 20 out of 20 of the top builders in United States today. And have expanded their relationships with and gotten further penetration into those accounts. So they just signed a national agreement, I think we talked that last quarter, quarter before with Lennar that’s going to add several thousand homes next year. They had a wonderful relationship with Semtex, because they were owned by Semtex, but Semtex then got sold, bought by Pulte and we expanded that relationship. 
Gary Rollins: Because Pulte wouldn’t buy from us. 
Harry Cynkus: No, it was Pierre Gordon that wasn’t. 
Gary Rollins: One of the large firms wouldn’t buy from when we were, when Semtex owned the company. As soon as Semtex we sold the company, yes, we’ve expanded that relationship. So our people have done well. One thing that should contribute is during this lull, we lowered our prices quite a bit just try to get as much volume as we could to offset our overhead. And as the housing starts to return, then our rates have gone up.
 Any more questions? Okay well thank you for joining us today. We look forward to the new year. 
Operator: Excuse me sir. We do actually have a follow up from Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Joe Box: Hey sorry guys, got it in. We noticed that you didn’t put out a buyback press release before the earnings release. And it doesn’t look like you guys bought back much in a way of 4Q. I guess just for our own modeling purposes, where are you guys in the market so far in 1Q and maybe can you give us a sense of what your current share count might be? 
Harry Cynkus: Well the current share count outstanding is right around 146 million. We didn’t put out a press release for 4Q because we didn’t have anything to report. We weren’t in the market in the fourth quarter. We’ll let you know what we buy in the first quarter when it’s over. We’ve always been opportunists when it comes to purchasing the shares, so yes we don’t have a budget for the quarter. We have authorization for over 5 million shares and if the market gives us an opportunity to buy the shares and sometimes I think ourselves as specialists in the stock, but if we see a good opportunity in buyback stock, we will. 
Joe Box: Right. And that 146 million was that as of December 31st or was that as of some numbers? 
Harry Cynkus: That was December 31. 
Joe Box: And then maybe just one follow-up on your commentary earlier from leads. So I think you said that leads were actually down in December… 
Harry Cynkus: Yes, they were up double-digits in October, November slowed a little, December we actually had a decrease but we had a net increase in the quarter but that was a small increase overall. 
Gary Rollins: And if you have to have a lead decrease that’s the month to have. 
Joe Box: Right, right. I think I mean it’s certainly explainable why it would be softer in December and I think you’ve said so far it’s looking better in January. Has it snapped back to double-digit growth or is January just too weak of a lead generation month? 
Harry Cynkus: January is a smaller month as well, but January, first week of January was pretty cold, got a little warm, got cold again today, but the leads were up in the 5%, 6% neighborhood, but it’s still…. We’re, I guess, two-thirds through the month, but March makes the quarter and not January. 
Joe Box: Right, right. But everything that you’re seeing right now is suggest of a lead growth being strong once we see maybe normalized weather. 
Harry Cynkus: We certainly believe so. 
Joe Box: Okay, great. Thanks for the color there. 
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. 
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well again thanks for joining us. We’re dedicated hard to making 2013 another successful year for the company and with that I guess, Harry, you and I need to go. 
Harry Cynkus: Need to go. 
Gary Rollins: Well thanks again for joining us. 
Harry Cynkus: I’ll be available for a little while for questions if there is any follow-up questions, but we’ll be heading down to Georgia Teach here shortly. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the Rollins Inc. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins Inc. Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Conference is being recorded today Wednesday, October 24, 2012.
 At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek [ph]. Please go ahead, ma’am. 
Unknown Executive: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy, and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746, and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-406-7325 with pass code 4568454. Additionally, the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days.
 On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks, and then we will open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin? 
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Marilyn [ph], and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our third quarter 2012 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement disclaimer, and then we’ll begin. 
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook can contain certain forward-looking statement. These particular forward-looking statement and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risk may differ materially from any statements we make today.
 Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. I’m pleased to report that following a very strong first half, we continue to post solid performance in our third quarter. Revenue for the quarter rose 5% to $340 million, and net income increased to approximately 10% to $32 million, with all of our brands and service lines contributing to our growth.
 Residential pest control had a 7.5% increase. Commercial pest control posted a 4.3% increase, excluding fumigation. This was the third consecutive quarter of increased revenue growth for commercial, and the best quarters for commercial in a while. Termite was up 1.8%. We have from time-to-time over the past few years talked about our ability to grow our business in all types of economic environments.
 At the forefront of this capability is the makeup and balance of our revenues, which come from different sources at different times through the year. Although, our company’s concentration is all under the pest control umbrella, there are multifacets to this business.
 Residential pest services, commercial pest services, which consist of local and national accounts. Termite control, new construction termite treatments, new home tubes in the wall, fumigation, ancillary services and so on. Another strength of the company is our geographic diversity, which is accomplished through our over 400 branches located from coast-to-coast.
 For those of you on the call know, one never experiences the best, or the worst weather all the time. For example, this summer the drought in the Midwest dampened our growth opportunity there. A drought typically translates to a increase in pest pressure and prospect demand. More than offsetting the Midwest handicap, we had other areas of the country which have done very well weather wise and business wise.
 Although, you can never plan precisely or anticipate all the business ups and down, it’s very beneficial to have these counteracting elements that I’ve mentioned that overall provides unique company stability. Another example of diversity lies with HomeTeam for instance.
 We acquired this great company in 2008 as part of our strategy to be able to more effectively market the new homeowners.
 HomeTeam works with the leading builders across the country, including the nation’s top 3 production builders Pulte, D.R. Horton and Lennar as well as the nation’s top luxury home builders Toll Brothers. Incidentally, we just reached an expanded national agreement with Lennar effective of September 1, which will further add to our market penetration next year.
 Each month, the NAHB, National Association of Home Builders along with Wells Fargo survey the NAHB members to measure consumer confidence in the single-family housing market. We’re pleased that this housing market in-depth has reached its highest level in the past 6 years.
 With the low mortgage rates increasing new housing starts and the new home inventory supply down, homebuilding appears to be well on its way to recover. While revenue from builders is a small part of our total business, it offers us unique opportunity and an avenue to add new customers where you can also cross market our other service.
 We’re now benefiting from this new home construction trend. HomeTeam is currently on track to install in excess of 50,000 add [ph] Tubes In The Wall systems this year, increasing nearly 30% year-to-date. Although initial installations have startup cost involved, they will translate into more than 30,000 new customers next year, as owners move into these new homes and activate their pest control system.
 Taexx installs are forecasted to continue to grow in 2013 exceeding this year’s level due to our positive momentum, which will provide a solid revenue stream going forward. This high, because of their strong relationship with their builders, prior to installing our Taexx System; HomeTeam does their pretreat on that work as well.
 Another area that we’re seeing really good growth is in the animal and wildlife control. And like 2010, we acquired Trutech, the premier wildlife control company, which provides us with expanded expertise that we can use in providing comprehensive pest control services for our customers. Since they joined us, they have been posting excellent sales growth compounding at over 30% annually. Our animal control business is continuing to grow in importance. As an example, we just recently acquired a company in the Northeast, The No Fly Zone, that specializes in bird control.
 Trutech also serves as the good example of our ability to enhance our acquisitions' contribution through the provision of capital, system know-how, improved purchasing, providing cross division leads and expertise in Internet market. All of these behind the same factors of improved margins while growing this business through faster expansion into different markets.
 As we have predicted or thanks to the no end for the demand for our bed bug business. Our third quarter was the biggest quarter ever for this service over $14 million in sales and greater than 30% increase over the prior year. In the first 9 months of 2012, we did as much bed bug business as we did all of last year.
 We also had a substantial increase in our mosquito business in the third quarter. This year’s outbreak of the West Nile virus was the worst in recent decades than many were reminded into the health danger to our families that mosquitoes represents.
 This outbreak scattered in North Texas with more than 80,000 estimated infections in the region. While most cases weren't serious, 100s were  and in Dallas County alone 16 deaths were reported. Nationwide, the death toll hit 160 people. Mosquito service is still only a very minor part of our business, but it in our bed bug service the further examples of our diversity while addressing the 2 additional target pests that are helping to build our brand.
 So you can see that Rollins is not just Orkin or convenient conventional pest control. We are a team of leading brands growing through regionalization and specialization within our markets, and most importantly we are seizing on  many opportunities to keep our company moving forward with growth faster than our ambition. Our geographic balance certainly help us, but is not just the geographic mix that strengthens our business, as the overall diversification of the company I’ve described that is a unique strength.
 Our mainstay of growth hedges have on new customer service programs focused to improve customer satisfaction and retention. Our net promoter numbers are again up for a year, reflecting good service improvement and increasing customer satisfaction, which is all fortified by improved employee retention.
 As an example of this focus, Orkin this year launched a companywide initiative called the Orkin Prompt, which is a commitment each employee makes to his or her customers each and every day by providing top quality service.
 The 4 points in the promise are to be respectful, responsible, effective, and informative. Because technically, we promise working customers will receive a respectful and professional specialist who shows up on time and when prompt that provides effective and responsible treatment to solve their problem, to share the information on what we found, how we handled it, and what to expect next, and to deliver proper response and resolution to any service request within 24 hours.
 We know that we have to work hard everyday to be the world’s best service company. And this is just one important program we put into place as we continue to work to that that end. This has been an exciting year for our company. We’re continuing to benefit from the contributions of all 4 major brands and a number of initiatives instituted this year.
 There is a great deal of enthusiasm and excitement about what we’re doing and accomplished. Our culture of continuous improvement helps to keep this energy alive.
 I’d like to now turn the call over to Harry. Harry? 
Harry Cynkus: Thank, Gary. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on the call. I don’t think that Gary left me with much to cover. Well, maybe a few financial facts. Today, we reported revenue of $340.2 million, representing 5% revenue growth.
 Net income increased 9.5% to $32.2 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, compared to $29.4 million, or $0.20 per diluted share for the same period in 2011. Year-to-date revenue is $964.5 million, a 5.3% increase, while net income increased to 11.8% to $88.4 million. EBITDA totaled $170.6 million, while EPS has increased 11.1% to $0.60 per diluted share.
 We continue to maintain our solid momentum, and seeing no significant changes to the fundamentals that drive our business, lead, pricing, closure and customer and employee retention. All working together to position us well for the remainder of this year, and a great stepping stone for next year.
 Let’s get deeper into the results. This year we have seen revenue growth across all brands and all service line. Another strength of this company is its recurring revenue model, nearly 80% of our revenue is recurring. The beauty of a recurring revenue is, it recurs and continues to recur not unlike a magazine subscription, that stability of that recurring revenue, is the driver and consistency of our performance.
 Life’s a lot easier when you just need to replace 20% of your non-recurring revenue each period. Leads, sales, closures, pricing are all levers to work in replacing that 20%. But it’s equally important to constantly work and improving customer satisfaction. And that drives your retention on the other 80%, and that determines your long-term success.
 Let me first address what’s happening with that 80% base of recurring revenue. First, as Gary has already mentioned, we have continued to see improvements in our net promoter scores. Our efforts in our quest to become the nation’s best service company by improving customer satisfaction as a part of everything we do or taking hold and our residential customer base is growing.
 Retention this year has improved for both residential and commercial pest control. Regardless of the economy, happy customers plus a service that has inelastic demand is a powerful combination. Selective pest control customers saw a price increase beginning in the June or July billing cycles. Our earlier price testing showed no changes in the elasticity, and our actual results mirrored the test. In fact retention within price increase group is largely better than last year. We believe that is due to higher customer satisfaction.
 Overall, the revenue realization should be in the same neighborhood as realized last year, $15 million to $20 million, on an annual basis. As to replacing the 20% of non-recurring revenue I discussed earlier, the first step is leads. Demand for our business by new prospects.
 In order to drive residential pest and termite sales, we continue our success with residential experiencing double-digit lead growth at Orkin, and increased installs at HomeTeam that Gary addressed. Leads don't do you any good unless you ultimately close them. Our closure by source held steady, sales were at a higher price.
 Commercial pest control sales are typically creatively obtained by knocking on doors and making proposals, but it’s still good to see double-digit lead growth in that area as well. We are also benefiting from the sales management system we have developed. It doesn’t hurt to know whose door you should be knocking on and tracking results. Again, we saw a good price realization.
 This time of year, termite leads drop off, so termite sales and likewise need to get creative by cross selling to pest customers, provide prospects free reinspection and selling ancillary services, installation, dry zone, moisture control etcetera. We saw a small drop in leads in the third quarter of this year and pricing was relatively flat, as Gary already mentioned, the pre-treat work mostly does with builders helped us in this business line.
 So with all that background, our residential pest control is up 7.4%, commercial pest control increased 3.6%, and termite, 1.9%. To judge the true strength of our commercial revenue at times, you need to exclude fumigation. But fumigation is a small part of our commercial business, 7%. It swings, can distort the true strength within the other 93% of our business. When you look at commercial excluding fumigation, it was up 4.3%. Its strongest quarter in the past seven.
 The mix of business doesn’t change quickly, but both residential pest control and commercial represent 42% respectively. With Residential’s accelerated growth over the last 2 years, it has now again overtaken commercial as our largest service line. What a wonderful situation to have, each very profitable service line keeps striving to be the revenue leader.
 Gross margin for the quarter increased to 49.9% through the third quarter versus 49% in the prior year due to private tubing[ph]improvements and more favorable claim development cost with regard to termite cost and litigation which were partially offset by higher causality and medical costs.
 The nice growth for HomeTeam and Taexx installs that Gary talked about does have some drag on margins in the short term. But installs carried period-to-period are accelerated. These systems are sold to the homebuilder at a substantial discount to our cost in order to obtain the ultimate customer, the new homeowner.
 Installs for HomeTeam are the equivalent of leads for Orkin. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased slightly, $128,000 totaling $9.5 million. Depreciation was $3.8 million and amortization of intangibles which will remain a significant non-cash charge to the P&L for sometime was $5.7 million.
 We are a non-capital intensive business with CapEx running at $11.8 million year-to-date. Sales, general, administrative expenses increased $6.1 million or 6% to 31.9% of revenue increasing from 31.6% for the third quarter ended September 30. Increasing cost as a percent of revenue is primarily due to a nearly 70 basis point increase in bad debt expense along with increases in medical costs and higher sales salaries.
 I don’t mind a higher sales salaries, because it means we had people selling more. Higher bad debt are those that does matter. We believe our bad debt expenses impacted us due to September having 2 less work days, therefore 2 less collection days than a year-ago. We get those 2 days back in October, and I assure you we have people working the phones, working hard on collections.
 The last item to note on the P&L provision for income tax was 37.7% versus 37.4%. I look forward to corporate income tax reform. Service companies don’t enjoy some of those incentives and loopholes available to other industries.
 I wanted to provide you with an update on our branch operating CRM system or ServiceSuite as we refer to it. We’ve had 8 branches piloting the software, and held off not adding any additional pilots over the summer as we continue to work out the kinks.
 Based on conversations with our project building committee, the plan is to go live in the last couple of pilot branches in the first quarter next year. If no further issues develop, we hope to then be in a position to finalize the rollout program with a system over the next 18 to 24 month throughout Orkin. When fully ramped up, in the full rolled out mode, that capitalized, non-recurring, implementation cost could run between $1.5, $2 million a quarter.
 These are very tentative numbers, and I refer you to our forward looking statements. It takes about 3 months for the branch to get comfortable on a new system and about 6months to start gaining the benefit. It’s our objective to obtain benefits from the early adopters offsetting new branch cost once we get through the first one half of the rollout.
 It has long been the philosophy and practice of Rollin to return capital to our shareholders.
 For a number of years we have done this through increasing dividends and our share repurchase program. In fact this year marks the 10th year in which we have increased our annual dividend by a minimum of 12% each year. July, the Board approved the addition of 5 million shares through our existing repurchase program. And yesterday, we announced that we will be paying a special one-time, year-end dividend of $0.12 payable December 10, 2012, to stockholders of record at the close of business November 9. This is in addition to our $0.08 regular quarterly dividend.
 We are pleased that our strength of our balance sheet and our strong cash generation ability continues to provide us with the capability to return value to our shareholders with these initiatives. Hard to believe, 2012 will be drawing to a close. We haven’t come close to exhausting the opportunities we have to continue to grow and improve our business.
 I look forward to talking to you next quarter share our fourth quarter and record year result. Lastly, let me express our appreciation for a job well done to all the Rollins associates whose hard work and dedication are behind these outstanding results.
 With that, I’ll turn the call now back over to you Gary. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Clint Fendley of Davenport & Company. 
Clint Fendley: I joined the call little bit late, so I apologize. But I wondered if you update us on the HomeTeam growth that you are seeing there in the quarter? 
Gary Rollins: Yes, HomeTeam was our second fastest brand in terms of growth. Their revenue numbers were up in excess of 7%. What was really encouraging the growth in their installs with builders. Builder installs this year are up 30% over last year. Total installs will  exceed 50,000 this year. They feel with the growth they’re seeing confidence. Between the builders and the buyers, they are expecting to see additional strong growth next year. We signed a national agreement there with one of the top home builders, Lennar, for now, which will give us additional development as well. So short-term, it has some pressure on their margin, but long-term, we’re really excited for those $50,000 plus this year, will translate into more than 30,000, 35,000 customers next year. 
Clint Fendley: So is the growth in the install here reflective of just the increased relationships that you guys have been able to establish post the acquisition here a couple of years ago? 
Harry Cynkus: I think certainly we work on the relationship, we’re probably dealing with less builders today than we were in 2008. A lot of very small builders that forced out of the business in the economic downturn, but I think building is coming back. 
Gary Rollins: The statistics have indicated, we’ve seen a stronger surge in new home construction within the last 6 years. We are coming from a lower base, but it’s certainly encouraging and as Harry indicated, the way that works is kind of like planting a garden. As we do those, you really don’t generate social revenue to any extent build the new home, homeowners buys the house and activates the system. 
Clint Fendley: Right. And also the longer-term I mean, is it going to be a challenge maintaining this growth rate with HomeTeam, I guess under a sort of the dual brand structure that you guys have or are they just the main Orkin franchise competing in a completely really different space from HomeTeam? 
Gary Rollins: Orkin never has really done new home construction to any significance. So I mean, you may have a branch here or there that does pretty well, but not mainly extend in fact, that was the thing that appealed the most of us about HomeTeam. And plus they have the Tubes In The Wall system which Orkin doesn't have. So, HomeTeam has by far the strongest brand in that whole new construction area, and we don’t really feel like Orkin is a threat or vice versa. 
Clint Fendley: Okay, thank you. I guess switching gears here kind of last question. On the new software cost, I mean, is that something that we would expect to be capitalized then. Is it going to be a much of an expense on those items and can you just help frame how we should be thinking about those costs as we move forward with the implementation here? 
Gary Rollins: Yes. Well, the numbers that I gave you the $1.5 million to $2 million a quarter is something we think that is the non-recurring implementation cost. So that it’s not the-- does not include depreciation, doesn't includes the cost to capitalize. And when we believe once we get halfway through the implementation, the savings that we will be getting from the productivity improvement and the benefits of the system starts to offset that additional running costs that ultimately fully rolls off, rolled out those costs will go away. Now, we’re hoping to complete the piloting in the first quarter and start ramping up the implementation that in the second and third quarters. So we'll have to consider our branches carefully because we'll be in season and probably won’t hit our stride until late in the year in terms of big press on implementing the software. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Clement with Sidoti & Company. 
James Clement: You all have owned HomeTeam through a real rough housing stretch and obviously, now it seems like things are going to be getting better. Can you talk a little bit or remind us, because I think the last time this was brought up and perhaps when you made the acquisition, can you just talk a little bit about the economics of actually serving a customer once they’ve turned on the system, once they’re in the house, they bought it, and have become a HomeTeam customer, like in other words, approximately how many homes can a technician serves, how many tubes customers can a technician serve in a day versus a traditional pest control technician? 
Harry Cynkus: The really nice to think about HomeTeam is, when they sell to the builder, it’s not an option in the house, okay. They go to the builders as a item that goes in all of the houses with the development. So if there is a 30-home development, all 30 homes will have Tubes In The Wall, if it's 2,000 home is that development, all 2,000 homes will have it. With their capture rate as being as high as it is, so once that development gets built out, you put a technician in there to service the homes, but again remember, you don’t have to go in the house do an outside service then you unlock the port on the outside of the box and service it. So the productivity is wonderful. We walk house to house in the development, sometimes don’t leave the development for a week. We do let them go home and have dinner and sleep. So great productivity that are wonderful and we’ll help their margins. 
Gary Rollins: We also have another thing Jamie is our retention is better than conventional pest control. 
James Clement: Okay. And that’s just simply that it’s actually is the system, I don’t know if there is upside sort of to conclude one way to the other, but I mean are there actually having the tubes in the wall actually is that a superior way to control pests? 
Gary Rollins: Well, in some areas it is, because you’re getting back behind the walls certainly and to add to Harry’s comment, I mean if the customer's having a problem inside, if they have mice or they have a rodent infestation that needs additional supplemental service and we go inside. We do what’s necessary to take care of the problem. But I think the biggest reason that the retention is better is that you’re not interrupting their lifestyle. I mean that the family member doesn’t have to be home, it’s much like lawn care to that extent. So you’re not at inconvenience in any regard and then if they do have a particular problem that the conventional application is not taking care of and certainly we do whatever is necessary to take care of the problem. 
Harry Cynkus: And the other thing too is, that homeowners bought a house and bought it with a pest control defense system and it’s not unlike buying a house with build-in vacuum cleaner or alarm system or sprinkler system. You bought something and you value it and you utilize it and to the extent and with regards to pest control defense system, your locked into getting serviced by HomeTeam with only Hometeam. So homeowners have a vested interest more so than on a regular service. 
James Clement: Okay. Changing gears if I may, in terms of your lead generation, is that still trending in the direction of the Internet? I was wondering if Gary or Harry, you might comment on mobile and whether that’s an area where you’re starting to increasingly generate customers? 
Gary Rollins: Yes, to respond to the first observation, yeah, the Internet is really kind of the workhorse as of late and which has been well-timed because conventional media just, it’s not doing what it use to do. But we feel get a lot of leads from the Yellow Pages and from our TV advertising et cetera. But I think we continued, internet now has passed what I would consider the conventional phone leads. The second problem or part of that deal was, we are getting very much involved in this whole mobile area. And it’s really amazing what we are seeing in some of these app applications as far as our HomeSuite and, that technology is even kind of leapfrogged the conventional development of software for iPad’s et cetera. 
Harry Cynkus: So, the application and we do have run ads on mobile phones, we have a big button call us and it connects right to us. I don’t have any breakdown as to internet leads versus mobile. I haven't seen that. But I know, we can identify the type of phone that these are calls' coming in on. An Apple phone lead seems to work a lot better than a Metro PCS lead. But I haven’t seen any specific numbers broken down one to the other. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question is from the line of Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Joe Box: Question for you on your special dividend, which looks like it may have been in place of a buyback for the quarter, I’m just curious would this really a tax uncertainty-based decision, or could you potentially be changing your capital allocation policy at all? 
Gary Rollins: We are not changing our capital allocation policy at all, it wasn’t in place of a stock buyback. We’ve always been a opportunist buyer on the stock. It was pretty strong in the fourth quarter. We didn’t see on the days we aren't the blackout, we didn’t see the opportunity to pick up shares at a discount. So it’s not unusual to see a quarter  or 2 that we don’t buy shares but we’re always looking for that opportunity. In terms of, I think everyone is aware taxes are changing next year or so, how clear and in what direction, I guess will be determined in about 30 days. But we certainly have some built up cash. We got great cash generation ability going forward and the board thought it would be nice to gift back to our loyal shareholders to return some capital to them. And they will review the dividend policy as they do every year in January and make an evaluation separate on what the dividend should be going forward. 
Joe Box: Great, I appreciate the call there. With respect to the 8 branches where you rolled out the ServiceSuite, can you just give us some of the preliminary results from the system in terms of maybe where you’re seeing some productivity savings and then maybe also highlight some initiatives where you’re starting to see the most success, versus some of the biggest challenges. 
Gary Rollins: It’s kind of a mixed bag really. When you take a branch and put in a new operating system, the first I guess priority is survival, because things are different and things are not working exactly right and they're having to understand new reports and new operating procedures et cetera. So I wouldn’t really think that we could look back and say, that we’ve really seen great gains in the year in productivity, of retention, because of just the commotion that you have when you’re doing these things. You know they say what is it a pioneer, that’s the guy that gives the most arrows and I think that these new branches have certainly have had a more difficult time than the next 8 branches will have. The interesting thing that held truth from the very beginning is that field really likes the system. I mean at no time have they ever said we want to go back on Focus please, stop, et cetera, et cetera, because their routines that they can see the benefit from even though they’ve had some kinks. So all along is the things that one of the factors that have kept us so encouraged is that they can see the benefits. Now, it's not manifested itself yet as far as the bottom line is concerned but we’d have every confidence that they will. 
Harry Cynkus: I think we concentrated up to now on the challenges. It’s easy to find the challenges but I think we said something in the last quarter, we see that on the residential side of the business, business is really working really well. On the commercial side that’s where we have some challenge, we need some, add some not as robust as to meet some of the demanding challenges we have in our larger commercial accounts and during this hiatus that’s where the work has been spent. And one of the other challenges, we didn't get the billing quite right. Some of the pre-billing wasn't going out way it used to.  We've seen some growth in AR as a result and we're fixing the billing issues as well. So that’s why we have a few more branches to pilot because we would like to give them a more robust version of the software to really be able to have a good branch to measure against. And I think that the first 8 have proven to us the concept works, the software is robust, it adds a lot of things that we want very field friendly, user friendly, but we need to fix the kinks to really measure, exactly how well it’s performing, but it's got a lot of potential. 
Joe Box: Got you. And just a follow-up on one of the earlier questions from HomeTeam, if you were to look at the potential trajectory for new housing build and the installs that would be implied there and if you were to pick up your 30,000 customers that you guys are forecasting for next year. What type of revenue growth does that imply for HomeTeam in 2013? 
Harry Cynkus: Well, the - good question. Trajectory on growth. I’d be the last person to give you an accurate projection what building activities are going to happen next year-- that consumer confidence stays high, mortgage rates stay low. We saw 30% increase in installs this year, is it 30% next year, is it 3%. We certainly think it that will be more than 3%, but we don’t expect to see a 30% on top of this year. Throw a dart at the wall, pick a number or look at someone who had more knowledge and can predict the housing starts next year that than I can. Their revenue gain as I mentioned they had 7% revenue growth this year. We would expect that to continue and accelerate next year by single-digit. 
Gary Rollins: You can need to keep in mind that half of their business, or more than half of their business is conventional pest control. 
Harry Cynkus: 60% actually. 
Gary Rollins: So we are talking about half, and as Harry said, there is a lot of unknowns, but I would expect that we will be in a high single digit. 
Joe Box: Okay, that’s a great color. Harry, can you just remind me if there is a headwind at all to top line from having 2 fewer work days and would that potentially create a benefit on the margin just from putting in less cost? 
Gary Rollins: The headwind from  less work days on our recurring pest control you get that in. I mean you know, you have to do so many service visits in the month and you get in there. What we find on the non-recurring, we have less days, we have 2 less days to do termite completions. So we have 2 less days to-- So you'll see some headwinds in the revenue that you will get back in the month, when you get a couple of extra days. So it affects us on the margins could cost us something on the revenue side few .10s of a point maybe. 
Joe Box: Last question for me and then I will turn it over. It looks like you guys opened 4 International franchises so far year-to-date. Can you just refresh us on, what the pipeline looks like there and maybe what the current revenues are, that are generated by the franchises versus the revenues that you are currently getting? 
Gary Rollins: We comment international first or... 
Joe Box: Just International. 
Gary Rollins: We’re very excited, I would expect that we’re going to be adding 4 to 6 international franchisees this next year, it could be more. China is very exciting, we’ve just come back from Beijing. We have a lot of interest in China. We’ve been able to kind of piggy back on sister company, our all service companies contacts in China. So we’re pretty excited about that. We are planning to add a person to our franchise team to concentrate in South America. We’ve added our first South American franchise in Chile, so we think that that could be very productive. We have just recently been advised that our United Europe immigrants has gotten one part of the contract that they’ve been working on which is a multimillion dollar pest control contract. So we’re very excited and optimistic about our international franchise. Domestically, we have now about approximately 60, close to 60 maybe more. And the exciting part of that is the acquisition provision, but again I mean we like the idea of royalty income from our franchises, but really what we wanted to do is to grow these $1 million to $2 million businesses kind of off of the balance sheet if you would, and being able to exercise our purchase right and really kind of speed up our growth in a secondary market. It will take 10, 15 years for us to ever really get to it. So I think that this year we’ve got a couple of those just the way the chronology works. But a couple of those were come up for purchase and certainly be a contributors as far as the company is concerned. 
Operator: Thank you. And I’m showing no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Gary Rollins: We’ll thank you again for joining us. We appreciate your interest and your attendance and we look forward to reporting back at the conclusion of a year on our fourth quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you’d like to listen to the replay of today’s conference, please dial 1-800-406-7325 or 303-590-3030 using the access code of 4568454 followed by the pound key. This does conclude the Rollins, Inc. third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. We’d like to thank you all very much for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Rollins Inc. Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Following the presentation the conference will be open for your questions. [Operator instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded July 25, 2012.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead. 
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the Company's distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and runs for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1800-406-7325 with the pass code 4551562. Additionally, the call is being web cast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days.
 On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we'll open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin? 
Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter 2012 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin. 
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discussed as our business outlook can contain certain forward-looking statement. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual risk may differ materially from any statements we make today.
 Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. I am pleased to report that following a very strong first quarter we posted solid performance in our second quarter. Revenue for the quarter rose 4.5% to $334.9 million, and net income rose 6.5% to $33.1 million.
 Taking a closer look at our business, commercial pest control rose 3.2%, residential rose 7.8% and termite was up 1.2% in this quarter. As you may recall, due to the unseasonably warm weather in the first quarter we experienced early swarm activity this year with our termite revenue increasing a very strong 10.5% than over the prior year.
 Overall, we were pleased with our results for the quarter and the first half of the year. Our bed bug business also continues to grow. Companywide total bed bug service was up over 40% from the prior year, commercial was up over 20% for the quarter, which represents approximately two thirds of our overall bed bug growth.
 However, residential revenues have been increasing significantly in recent quarters. For the quarter residential grew over 90%. Clearly bed bugs continue to be an expanding pest problem, and frankly we don’t see anything at this time that would deter the increasing bed bug infestation. Summer is also the season when other bothersome and potentially dangerous pests threaten our family and pets, which include mosquitoes, fleas and ticks.
 At the beginning of May, Orkin reported enquiries concerning fleas and ticks at more than double nationally compared to the same time last year. Further demand for our mosquito service remained strong, having increased over 20% over the same quarter last year. At the same time, Lyme ticks and Lyme disease continue to be an ongoing problem, particularly in the Northeast.
 You may recall that last year the Centre for Disease Control, CDC, asked Orkin to be the exclusive pest control provider for its Lyme and Tick-borne Disease Prevention Study. At that time, Orkin worked with the CDC and state health departments in providing one time tick treatments to more than 1500 participants in specific areas of New York, Connecticut and Maryland.
 The 2011 disease analysis is being wrapped up and the CDC expects to release their findings later this year. In February of this year, the CDC again reached out to Orkin asking us to provide tick treatments for a second year to more than a 1000 properties. By the way we are compensated for these treatments. Their study is designed to evaluate the relationship between preventative tick control and incidence of diagnosed Lyme disease.
 Results from the earlier study show that preventative tick treatments do decrease tick populations. As we have mentioned in the past, collaboration with organizations like CDC and leading universities such as The University of Kentucky, known for their bed bug research, keep us in the forefront, while maintaining a high level of knowledge concerning these two important and highly publicized insect pests.
 Over the past year, we have talked from time to time about our emphasis on continuous improvement of our commercial and residential customer service, and the initiatives we have put into place to achieve this objective. We are pleased with our progress in this regard and we firmly believe that in business you are either going forward or backwards. There can be no comfort with a status quo.
 This commitment to excellent service can be validated in part by lengthy customer relationships. Let me share a couple of examples of customers that illustrate the quality and dependability of our service delivery, and our pledge to achieve long-term customer relationships. Long before any of us were born over 100 years ago, Vas Brothers general merchandize had been a working customer. Our relationship with this store located in Nashville, North Carolina, began in 1910.
 The store was actually established five years earlier, but either because Mr. Vas didn’t need pest control service, or more likely because Orkin service wasn’t available in Nashville at that time, we didn’t come onboard until later. Now three generations afterwards, Vas family members are still running the business, and our association with them is still going strong.
 The same emphasis on customer retention and excellent customer service of lasting affiliations holds true for our residential pest business as well. Let us go back to 1957. That was the year when Dwight Eisenhower was President, the average price of a home was $2300, gasoline was $0.24 a gallon, and McDonald’s had fewer than 40 restaurants. That same year 55 years ago, 5.5 decades, Maurice Grief of Rockwood, Tennessee, chose Orkin Pest Control to protect his family’s home, and has been a customer ever since.
 Needless to say over the years these two customers have seen more than one service technician. However, Mr. Grief insists that our service has always met his expectation. He summed it up best when asked why he kept doing business with Orkin all these years, he said it is simple. No bugs. I have had bugs from time to time, but you always take care of them.
 These are the type of customers and relationships that we strive for everyday. In April, we combined our technical services and training departments into one group led by Greg Baumann, a 25-year pest control expert and leader. A combination of these two units will enable us to better provide more coordinated and improved support services to all of our brands. One of the reasons that we have been able to provide best-in-class service to our customers is the investments that we make in training.
 One of these investments to enhance our training and delivery capabilities is our movement from satellite-based training distribution system to a web-based system. Today all of our brands using either a desktop or laptop computer can receive our sales, service and administrative training via the Web. Additionally our domestic and international franchises will be able to receive and participate in our training and broadcast as well. By the way this is the first opportunity in this regard for our foreign franchisees.
 Speaking of international franchises, we added three franchises in the second quarter. In April, we established a franchise in Mexico City, one of the largest cities in the world. Orkin Mexico City will offer both residential and commercial pest control, however focusing mainly on hotels, office buildings, food processing facilities, restaurants, hospitals and apartments.
 In May, we established an international franchise in Hainan Island in the People's Republic of China, our second franchise in China. Hainan Island is recognized for its tropical rain forest and beautiful beaches making it a very popular holiday destination. Orkin Hainan Island will offer commercial pest control focusing mainly on the vast hospitality sector located there.
 Also in May, we expanded our presence in the Caribbean with the establishment of a franchise in Turks and Caicos, which will offer commercial pest control also focusing mainly on the hospitality sector located there as well. We are pleased with what we have accomplished in the first-half of this year, but we aren’t slowing down. We will continue to serve and listen to our customers, and take care of their pest needs, while protecting their health and property.
 Likewise, we will continue to train and listen to our employees to ensure we provide them a great place to work, and provide the support needed to excel in their jobs.
 With that said, I will turn the call over to Harry, who will provide detailed information on our financial performance. Harry? 
Harry Cynkus: Thank you Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call. Second quarter each year has long been considered our most important with the arrival of spring. As you all know, this year in most of the US spring sprung sooner, say that fast three times. The good news was that we added pest control customers early in the year, enabling us to benefit due to the recurring nature of this revenue. A strength of our company is its strong recurring revenue. Almost 80% of our revenue each month is scheduled for service when we open the doors on the first day of the month.
 At the same time, our termite business also came early with a tremendous influx in business in the first quarter. As anticipated, actually very little carried over to the second quarter. Termites live and are working year-round, but those highly visible reproductive swarmers, or flying termites, help drive the demand for this service when sited by homeowners in their living rooms, and certainly will get the customer’s heart pumping and our phones ringing off the hook.
 Unfortunately, this is a relatively short period and once the swarm is over, it is over, and then you have to creatively find and sell the service. Fortunately, the customers we added early, as I described in residential and commercial, only helped to build our recurring revenue for the second quarter, and as Gary has already noted termite was up 1.2% in the second quarter after experiencing 10.5% growth in the first quarter. So you can see it was only the growth in the termite that was pulled forward, and year-to-date termite is up 5.2%.
 For the second quarter, total revenues for the company were $334.9 million, representing 4.5% growth. Net income increased 6.7% to $33.1 million compared to $31.1 million, and diluted earnings per share increased 9.5% to $0.23 per diluted share from $0.21 in the second quarter last year. For the first six months in 2012 revenues increased 5.4% to $624.3 million compared to $592 million last year.
 Net income for the first six months of 2012 was $56.2 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, compared to $49.7 million, or $0.34. This represents 11.8% year-to-date increase of diluted earnings per share. The fundamentals that drive our business remains strong, leads for residential and commercial were up nicely in the quarter, though off slightly in termite. We aren’t seeing any significant changes in consumer sentiment as it relates to pest control. Closure remained solid with improved price realization.
 Pest control retention continues to improve. Our occasional invaders, bed bugs and mosquitoes are invading more frequently, and continue to contribute to our positive momentum. Last quarter we conducted testing as we regularly do in preparation for our annual price increase program, and the result showed little change in elasticity. As a result, Orkin implemented its traditional annual price increase program for eligible customers based on very selective criteria in the month of June.
 Overall, the revenue realization should be similar in scope as last year’s price increase. Its fluctuation in the second quarter this year versus last year is marginal. HomeTeam’s price increase program will go into effect in the third quarter, beginning July 1.
 Gross margin for the quarter improved 20 basis points to 50.4% for the second quarter as a result of the company experiencing more favorable claim development cost with regard to casualty in termite, which were partially offset by higher medical plan costs. The cost of gasoline moderated, but still averaged $0.06 per gallon more this year than prior year quarter.
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter increased $300,000 totaling $9.6 million, remaining unchanged at 2.9% of revenue. Depreciation was $3.8 million and amortization of intangibles was $5.8 million.
 Capital expenditures year-to-date totaled $7.4 million, of which our ServiceSuite branch operating CRM project represents a little more than one-third of that. While I’m on the topic I will give you a quick update on the project. We now have eight branches up and running on this software. The software is working for the residential portion of the business and we are well into development for the commercial side.
 You may recall, we are having the largest commercial pest control company in North America, and this software needs to be robust to meet the needs of these customers. We hadn’t planned for, and do not plan to roll-out anymore branches over the summer because of our seasonal demand, plus we have plenty of programs tweaking remaining.
 Sales, general, administrative expenses for the quarter decreased to 31.7% of revenues. The decrease in margin percent is due to reductions in professional services, and improvement in bad debt expense. Our provision for income taxes was 37.7% versus 37.3% a year ago.
 We dream endlessly of the day Congress agrees to rewrite the tax code that would lower corporate rates and further stimulate business investment and the economy. As I have mentioned before, it is not the service companies in America that aren’t paying Uncle Sam their fair share of taxes. That is for sure.
 We continue to operate from a solid foundation. We have confidence in our fundamentals, the company is performing well, the balance sheet is strong. As always, our first priority for our outstanding cash generation capabilities remains investing in what we know best: pest control and only pest control. But at the same time, we recognize our responsibility to our shareholders.
 Last evening we announced as part of the company’s active management of equity capital, our board of directors authorized the purchase of up to 5 million additional shares of the company’s common stock. The company plans to repurchase shares at times and prices considered appropriate by the company. The share repurchase program is in addition to the company’s existing plan of which 298,183 shares remained available for repurchases as of July 24.
 With the year half over, we are pleased, just never satisfied, but are well positioned for a great 2012 and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Let me express our continued appreciation to all the Rollins associates, whose hard work is behind our outstanding results. We likewise are most appreciative of our customers, which makes us successful.
 Thank you for your time and interest and with that I will turn the call now back over to Gary. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Joe Box with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Joe Box: Question for you on the margin, if you were to go back over the last 10 years or so, it looks like you have typically picked up about 380 basis points of operating margin expansion in 2Q from 1Q levels, but whereas this year the margins only sequentially increased by about 340 basis points, is that delta a function of just better volume in 1Q or were there any step-up costs in 2Q, like the CRM system that would have dampened some of that sequential margin improvement? 
Harry Cynkus: Good question, and I think it is just more variability than anything really specific. You know, if you go and look at how we have improved margins over 10 years, it is not always the same items, we didn’t see the productivity improvements that sometimes we see this quarter, and with the large influx of leads and new business coming from the residential, it is kind of hard to -- if you want to get all those new customers started that is certainly probably -- it is probably a bigger share of both. But beyond that I don’t have anything specific. 
Gary Rollins: I think I could add to that. There is just a lot of moving parts in our business. I think it is margin improvement often is more art than science. The influx of termite business typically contributes to the margin because it is profitably quick, whereas pest control it takes a couple of quarters to cover your initial cost when you start, and your commission that you pay. So that affects the margin.
 I think the positive thing that I could say is if you look historically, Orkin has had much better margins, and it would be in our intent to continue to work towards getting to those levels again. I think service suite, when functioning company-wide has the ability to do that because of the productivity and mileage improvement opportunities that exist with it. I think that is the real payoff for that but we’re a long way from having that implemented throughout the company. 
Joe Box: Sure. That is helpful. Maybe just a follow-up to that, then as we are thinking about incremental operating margins, now those margins were elevated over the last couple of quarters, but this quarter it moderated to a more normal range in the mid-20%. How should we be looking at incremental margins going forward, are we potentially looking at below trend due to some of the required spending or are we thinking a normalized type of flow through? 
Gary Rollins: Philosophically we are not expecting any margin -- Harry kind of turns pale when I say that, but we -- as I mentioned there is just a lot of areas whether increasing of pricing, getting half a count more a day from our pest control technicians. There are just a lot of levers that you can pull and we really believe that we can continue to move our margins, improve our margins as we go forward. 
Joe Box: Okay. Can you talk a little bit more about overall retention rates in the quarter, and maybe specifically how the retention rates panned out for some of the newer customers that you signed up in 1Q? 
Gary Rollins: You know, the retention, pest control, commercial, you know, we saw improvement over prior quarter, over prior year. You know, I don’t have immediate information on what happened to our customers we have signed up in Q1. We do know our gross contract revenue grew from Q1 to Q2. So, I feel pretty strongly that the customers that we added in Q1 you know, are here in Q2 that, you know, that we continue to work with our net promoter score. We are working to build that into the culture. We think we are definitely think it is helping us on our retention.
 I believe it was mid quarter. It would have been May, and we had one of our, it was the best performance to index retention that we have ever had. So things are working in the right direction. We are focused on continuously improving customer satisfaction and it is a good opportunity for us to grow the business by retaining the customers that we have. I love the examples of our 100-year-old commercial customer, and 57-year-old residential customer, and we hope to be continuing to add stories like that.
 I think our survey programs is really the most powerful tool that we have had on a long-time as far as improving retention, and we really learned that from HomeTeam who began surveying their customers I think as long as 10 years ago. And we saw the data that just showed how it moved retention and one of the things it does is it really gives a branch or report cards that they can look at and see how they are comparing to their peers and how they compare to the same previous survey that was done at the same time of the year, and just get a lot more believability.
 Sometimes it's hard to get your point across that, you know, you're not really doing as good a job as you think you're doing, but when the customer tells you that, you know, you can't deny it. So I think that that's you know, we've been able to kind of break through the clutter so to speak and really have a good tool to motivate our branches to improve the service that they have done. 
Joe Box: Great that's helpful. Last question, then I will turn it over. I think last quarter you talked about double-digit lead increases. Now that we are looking at a more normalized weather type of environment, can you just talk to lead generation this quarter and maybe just segregate between the residential and commercial businesses? 
Harry Cynkus: Both residential and commercial had double digit lead increases, they weren’t big double digit, but they were both over 10% increases in leads. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport & Company. 
Clint Fendley: I wondered, good news on the developments there with the software program in getting 8 branches up and running. I'm wondering, would 2013 be too early to begin thinking about some of the leverage that we might be able to get from further implementation of the software through additional branches? 
Gary Rollins: I would think so. I mean, certainly those branches as they mature, you know, certainly will be improving their margins et cetera. But at that time when you look at you know, 400 locations you know, we're not going to have a large number of branches converted at that time. So I think that, you know, when it is all done when it is all said and done and you've got branches that have been on it for 18 months and 12 months and six months, at that point you will see some I believe that you will see movement in productivity, and movement -- improvement in fleet expense, fuel, number of vehicles et cetera. 
Harry Cynkus: We had some -- as we talked about, the software is working real well on the residential side of the business. We do have commercial branches up and operating, with the software. We have identified, opportunities for improvement before we want to roll out further, we definitely still need to improve response time and have some greater functionality there.
 So to really know how much leverage we’ll have in 2013, I think we have to have the game plan for how many branches we’ll be rolling out in 2013… 
Gary Rollins: And the maturity of it. 
Harry Cynkus: And the maturity of those branches and the big question is, how much development we get done over the next couple of months, over the summer and whether we will be ready to start staging an aggressive rollout or not. We should be able to answer that question fuller come three months from now when we have well our programmers have done. 
Clint Fendley: Do you have a rough plan now for how many branches you would like to deploy the system into? 
Harry Cynkus: No. 
Gary Rollins: Okay. You know, just to add to what Harry said, the reason you have a pilot is that you want to make sure that you really get the warts kind of removed so to speak and have it running smoothly. I've been through several of these doing my career and the worst thing you want to do is step on the gas when you don't have an A plus system and we are far from having an A plus system. 
Clint Fendley: Okay, fair enough. You know, I wonder would they also with shifting gears a bit with a little bit of broader uncertainty in the economy, any update on how the pricing maybe increases, maybe you are expecting at this point or any reasons for that? 
Harry Cynkus: You know, we tested in the -- over the winter months, similar as we have done for each of the past four or five years, we really didn't see significant differences. So we rolled out a full price increase program June 1 throughout Orkin. July 1 from HomeTeam, the dollars that our customers saw the increased first-time June 1. So we won't know until later here in July and August as to you know, the sticking rate whether we have to rollback prices or not. We don't suspect and we're not thinking at this time that it is going to be any different than prior years based on the testing that was done. So we think it’s pretty much like it has been. 
Gary Rollins: Clint, I think it might be helpful. You know, we've been doing this for years and I guess we brought Boston Consulting in, was that three years ago? Just to make sure that we were using the most sophisticated testing that you could do and there were some refinements that we made, but we test the Sunbelt branches, Florida, Southern Louisiana, South Texas that really continue to have mild weather.
 So when we do this, we are pretty much replicating the season if you will, and we really didn’t see a noticeable difference as far as retention is concerned, which should take different levels. We look at 6%, 4%, 0% and, you know, the zero is our control, and so, you know, we really don't feel like we are rolling the dice by any stretch of imagination and, people really consider, our customers consider our service important, and keep in mind you know, we're not talking about hundreds of dollars per account, typically we are talking about you know, $4 or $5. So, one of the advantages that we have you go to raise the prices is you know, you are just not going after a tremendously large amount of money as far as the individual residential customers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Clement with Sidoti & Company. 
James Clement: I was wondering if, I wanted to ask a bed bug question but not directly related to bed bugs. I mean, there are so many news stories out there that and have been for two years now. How much do you think that just the paranoia about bed bugs is actually helping the rest of your business? 
Gary Rollins: Well, I think bed bugs give you an wonderful opportunity to sell your regular home pest control service. Quite often when we are out there looking for bed bugs, we find spiders in the basement or we find mouse droppings or whatever. I mean, get in the home. So we have a wonderful opportunity to take a bed bug call if you will and turn it into a regular annual pest control contract. So there is no doubt that we are getting the benefit of that, and really as we continue to work with these universities and these manufacturers, and I think we had mentioned earlier that we're experimenting with DNA testing to identify bed bugs infestations with Auburn University.
 So there is a potential of having ongoing inspections. If the homeowner doesn't really change their lifestyle, and I am talking about residential now, if one or more of the members of the household have a job that requires travel and staying in hotels and motels throughout the country. 
Harry Cynkus: And particularly the State of Ohio. 
Gary Rollins: Exactly. 
Harry Cynkus: I'm sorry. 
Gary Rollins: But New York, I mean New York is kind of scary the city and many of the major, certainly the northern major cities like Chicago and Kansas City and so forth. So there is a very likelihood that if you have a bed bug infestation certainly from a residential point of view that you could have one again. From a commercial point of view, if you are in a hotel, I mean, literally we could eliminate the bed bugs in the month of August and a guest brings bed bugs into the hotel in September. So I think that there is a lot of opportunities as far as looking at ongoing inspection service both residential and commercially and the fact that we will no doubt sell other services to the residential customer once we establish that first relationship. 
James Clement: Okay, that's very helpful and then the final question. You know, it seems like over the last you know, 5 to 10 years you all have experimented with different ways of marketing outdoor, summer pest control services. Where does that stand now and can you kind of, and can you give me a little bit of a history lesson in terms of you know, how we used to market for example mosquito services and how we are doing it now, and it seems like over the last couple of years you've done a better job of it. 
Gary Rollins: Well, I think that we have reached out to our exist -- we do a better job today reaching out to our existing customers, and making sure that they are aware of the fact that we do, do mosquito service. I think that's been a big improvement. It's not just the pest control customers but reaching out to all of our customers, termite customers as well.
 I think another thing is we continue to go out each year. It’s so much like lawn care and that you know, that we continue to provide the service until the customer says I don’t want any service, and the wonderful thing about mosquitoes is our service there is it really works. So I think like anything else we got a little smarter as far as doing it. We're doing more direct mail as far as mosquito service is concerned. So I think just like any service line that has matured somewhat, we’ve just gotten a little smarter in the way we reach out to potential customers. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Hollowaty with Stephens Inc. 
Eric Hollowaty: Harry, could you just quickly remind or quantify for us how much incremental operating expenses you expect this year for the branch operating system implementation. 
Harry Cynkus: We’ve hired our first group of field trainers, and we brought them on at the end of last quarter. That’s going to add several hundred thousand dollars in the third quarter. We probably won't add any more trainers until later or late in the third quarter once we get a good feel for the rollout for the fourth quarter. So the total incremental cost that we’ll see in the P&L probably before the year is out I'd say will be less than you know, $0.005. It won't be a significant drag this year. 
Eric Hollowaty: Great. That's very helpful, and any sense you can give us for how HomeTeam has been performing of late and maybe any commentary on the near-term outlook there. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, HomeTeam has been a, you know, very good acquisition for us. We always wish we could control the timing and buy it at the bottom the housing market, but we missed by a year or two, but the HomeTeam is growing. They had in excess of 6% revenue growth in the quarter. The number of -- what's really encouraging with HomeTeam is their new system installs. I believe their installs year-to-date this year, nearly just over 30% over last year, and that's a positive because those installs will represent new customers, pest control customers next year.
 The downside of rapidly increasing installs is it puts pressure on their margins in the short term. We do lose money on the installs but putting in a system and the cost of putting that system in for HomeTeam is really -- we look at it as customer acquisition costs.
 So as long as we are getting good cooperation with the home builder that we know who they’re selling their homes to, and we are getting good penetration and activation of those systems, we are happy to take that short term loss for that long-term customer. The HomeTeam is performing well, the news you're reading about the home sales and home starts picking up and people being optimistic, we're definitely seeing it in a lot of HomeTeam’s markets. 
Eric Hollowaty: That's great and just to refresh my memory, those customers, those installs typically convert at around 70% or so. 
Gary Rollins: Correct. 
Eric Hollowaty: Well, great. And then just one final, I'm sorry, Gary did you have a comment? 
Gary Rollins: It’s kind of like a plant in the garden.
 You know, I mean, you got to plant it to harvest it, and you know, if you really want to improve your margins in that business don’t grow. You know, which as Harry said is certainly not the desired strategy but once you get those recurring revenue stream built, then it goes finance the installs, but you know, the new installs that you’re doing. So this lull that we’ve had where we really didn’t have the garden planted all that well, we just have to overcome that by getting your installs. 
Eric Hollowaty: Right, make sense. And just one final one, I think it was Gary in your remarks, you talked about the bed bug business and I just want to make sure we got the numbers correct. I think you said that the business during the quarter as a whole was up around 40%, and two thirds of it was from commercial which was up 20%... 
Gary Rollins: That is right. 
Eric Hollowaty: And the other third was residential, which was up 90%. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, the other piece of it is residential, which is 90%.
 So although the growth rate, you know, percentage wise is far greater, just the base is far smaller but this is the first time that we’ve really seen a jump like this as far as residential is concerned. 
Harry Cynkus: First-quarter. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, so I mean to us that's a encouraging situation, and if you would expect I mean, if you're staying in these hotels and motels that are infested, you know… 
Harry Cynkus: You bring them home. 
Gary Rollins: You bring them home. I think the press has done a good job of educating the public as to what to look for in the fact that the situation is out there, and we really were encouraged by that. I mean, it’s the smaller number than commercial, but the fact that we saw that kind of jump so far this year has been very encouraging. 
Harry Cynkus: We did nearly $11 million bed bug business of which $4 million is residential. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] And I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to management for any closing remarks. 
Gary Rollins: Okay, as always we appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to visiting with you again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference for today. If you’d like to listen to a replay of today's conference please dial 1 (800) 406-7325 or (303) 590-3030 and enter the access code of 4551562 followed by the # sign. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Rollins, Inc First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded April 25th, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead. 
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746. And we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list.
 There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1(800) 405-7325 with the pass code of 4531560. Additionally, the call is being web cast over www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days.
 On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line to your questions.
 Gary, would you like to begin? 
Gary Rollins: Yes. Thank you Marilyn and good morning. We appreciate all of you joining us for our first quarter 2012 conference call.
 Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin. 
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today.
 Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for more information and the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Gary Rollins: Thanks, Harry. We are pleased to have carried over positive momentum from the successful 2011 with record revenues and profits for the first quarter of 2012. The success we achieved and the quarter points of the progress if we are continuing to make with our business strategies and programs that are focused on increasing on sales while improving service and customer retention. These sales initiatives were clearly aided by on a seasonably warm weather in many areas of the country.
 Revenue for the first quarter rose 6.6% to $289.5 million and net income increased 23% to $23.1 million. For the quarter commercial pest control rose 3.1%, residential pest control increased a very strong 8.2 and termite also had exceptional results of 10.5%.
 This is the largest improvement that we have seen in that segment for quite a while. Overall revenue wise it's been some time since we saw a quarter with organic growth like this. Demand for our bed bug services continued to grow as well, companywide this business grew 36% over the last year’s first quarter while the commercial service represents approximately 2/3s of the total bed bug business residential revenue from this service grew 85%.
 Clearly this is an indication that people are continuing to bring these pest home and becoming more aware of the threat that bed bugs present. In fact we recently announced our annual list of the U.S. Top 50 bed bug cities, which further confirmed that bed bugs are a problem in most regions of the United States.
 This list can be obtained by going to the press room on orkin.com. Our sales and marketing efforts are driving force and building our business. In that regard we continue to invest in refine our internet presence to further create brand awareness for all companies while generating new sales.
 These investments coupled with a favorable whether I mentioned earlier produced double-digit lead increases for all company brands in this first quarter. Additionally we made changes to our conventional advertising media mix this year and reintroduced radio this quarter with spots on over 4000 radio stations across the country. At the beginning of the March we rolled out our popular national television campaign keeping pest in their place. All of these efforts we believe are playing an important part and growing our business.
 We recognize the importance and value of communicating with our customers and potential customers at many touch points. And are constantly looking for ways to expand this interaction. Education plays an important role in this outreach. The recent example is our PR team’s participation for our sixth year in the National Science Teachers Association Annual Convention which was held this year in Indianapolis. During this event we distributed over 6000 pest identification guide posters and scanned approximately 1800 named badges to gather contact information from teachers who are interested in hosting an Orkin Man School presentation in the classroom.
 His program is part of our long standing education focused to teach students an insects having very important role in the eco-system and that they only become pest when the threaten our health and property.
 We have long considered it both an obligation and a privilege to not only solve pest control problems for our customers but to also educate the public on how pests impact their lives. And we are constantly observing and expanding our learning about the habits of the pests to our field work of our technical teams as well as knowledge acquired through our relationships with the leading U.S. and Canadian universities that have strong entomological programs.
 The more we know about insects, rodents and other pests, the better we can serve our customers and the public at large. To that end, in early March we launched what I consider one of our most exciting projects to-date the further share our expertise and knowledge with consumers. It's called the Orkin Pest Project and it's located on our web at pestproject.orkin.com. The Orkin Pest Project presents a wealth of pest information in a highly visual fashion using dynamic parallax technology featuring more than 40 insects and 12 specific areas of pest investigation.
 In this easily accessible site you will find rich content with outstanding photography and video. We are already seeing the site gaining traction and the social media challenge channels confirmed by Facebook likes and viral sharing. It's our hope that people will bookmark the site for future viewing and reference. We are proud to provide this new research as we continue to demonstrate that Orkin is the pest expert.
 Our pest project website gained further recognition last week having received a best in class education award from the interactive media council, a nonprofit organization of leading web designers, developers, programmers, advertisers and web related professionals. Entrants from all around the world are judged on design, content, feature punctuality, usability and standards compliance. This best in class award recognizes the highest standards of excellence in all of these categories. We congratulate our internet team for this wonderful recognition. During the quarter we also improved our communications link with potential and existing customers through the installation of a new, more powerful and sophisticated, predictive dialer at Rollins customer service center. The system will allow us to more effectively execute and manage our lead campaigns and promote better customer and prospect communication both inbound and outbound.
 Our CSC will be using the dialer initially to follow-up on un-contacted internet leads and at times termite removal. The big plus for us when we dial out to potential customers is that the customer will see that the call was coming from Orkin not a mysterious 800 number. If you are like me, and I suspect most of you are, if you don't recognize the caller you simply don't pick up the phone. Also this equipment has the ability to leave phone messaging which in the past was not available to over answering technology. Another great plus is that the new equipment effectively marries up the best available agent ensuring that the most experienced person handles the call which will improve customer communications and closure.
 All of our call centers will be serviced by this new dialer network. All of our brands continue to perform well this quarter and what better testimony to that value they bring customers and third-party recognition of their level of customer service. Western Pest Control celebrated its 85th anniversary in February and throughout the years has prided of itself on delivering high quality pest control to consumers and business throughout the Eastern United States.
 This dedication to customer service was recognized by being awarded to 2011 Angie's list Super Service Award for the branches in New Jersey, Western’s highest penetrated market. This award is given annually to an approximately 5% of all the businesses rated on Angie's list. The nation’s leading provider of consumer reviews on local service and help providers. To quote Angie’s list Founder Angie Hicks, “The fact that Western Pest Services can claim super service award status speaks volumes about its dedication to consumers”. On another fronts home team was also recognized with a 2011 David Weekly Partner of Choice Award and acknowledgment of their outstanding service to David Weekly Homes, the nation's largest privately held home builder. Home team is the first pest management company to receive this honor and for the 10th straight year Orkin was recognized as a top 125 training company, training magazines selects this prestigious list of companies based on programs tied to best training practices and outstanding training initiatives among other criteria. Congratulations to all these Rollins companies for their outstanding achievements in these acknowledgments.
 Let me backup from a moment on home team. In the first quarter of this year we saw nearly a 50% increase in the installation of their new home teams in the [indiscernible] system. This is certainly good news long-term for home team and we are hopeful that new home construction will continue to gain throughout 2012.
 One last investment I need to bring you up-to-date on is our implementation of our branch operating CRM system, we have referred to as service suite. We have three branches piloting the software while we continue to work out the bugs, no pun intended, optimize the system performance and make sure the various interfaces function properly. That work is progressed well and we plan to deploy in three additional branches in June. Assuming that goes as planned we may add a branch or two over the summer.
 However, we will need to get through the summer season before we impact too many new branches. Overall good progress is being made, the branches on the system are enthusiastic and like it and we'll talk more about service as we go forward. Another milestone as we just closed our 19th international franchise in Mexico City which is only the first of several anticipated this year. We are off to a good start for the year but we never take anything for granted and we recognize that we must work diligently to meet the needs of our customers. As I said last quarter our challenge to our people this year is what we have done today to improve our customer service.
 That's what it's all about, with that I will now turn the call over to Harry, Harry? 
Harry Cynkus: Thanks Gary. Usually during the first quarter I am asking our folks how late will spring be. This year it was did anyone see the winter? I'm not old enough to remember the last time we saw such a warm first quarter or month of March. In fact the national oceanic atmospheric administration records which date back a 117 years to 1895 show it was the warmest Q1 and warmest March on record. We certainly need to give Mother Nature an “atta boy” or to be politically correct an “atta girl” for her big assist on the quarter. But without our marketing driving consumers to the phone and web, our associates in the call centers effectively taking those calls, termite inspectors promptly making their inspections and commercial sales people developing service clients it wouldn’t have happened. A sale isn’t revenue in this business unless it's service. Unfortunately we have the best trained and hard-working technicians in the industry. It did a great job in servicing our regular customers and a lot of new ones as well. Thank you for a job well done.
 Gary and my job of communicating our progress has gotten easier this quarter, needless to say some very positive results. Let’s go through them. The company reported first-quarter revenues of $289.5 million an increase of 6.6% over the prior year's first-quarter revenue of $271.6 million experiencing that growth across our entire family of brands.
 Net income increased 23.8% to $23.1 million or $0.16 per diluted share compared to $18.6 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the same period of 2010 with EPS up 21.3%. What makes the quarter particularly exciting was the sequential growth experience this quarter as compared to last quarter particularly as it was not driven by acquisitions.
 Last quarter we reported 3.2% revenue growth, this quarter 6.6%. That doesn’t happen often in this business, the 6.6% also compared very favorably to the 4.7% in the last year’s first quarter.
 The first quarter has never been known as a big lead period; however this year we saw unprecedented residential and termite inquiries. I wish I had some way to specifically break down marketing versus Mother Nature's contribution but I can’t. It's difficult to know where one stops and the other starts.
 Gary has already discussed some of our sales and marketing efforts and building our business and investments to refine our internet presence. Weather helped, but it wasn’t Mother Nature clicking at Orkin.com. In March we saw organic traffic to our site substantially exceed any previous month by over 100,000 visits and to think we are now in full season. But a powerful statement as to the value of Orkin brand today in the digital era. This was a quarter which everything came together, it moved in the right direction. We saw a nice increase in the leads, sales and starts with good pricing. Most importantly we also saw improved customer satisfaction which translates into improved retention. It's going to be a tough quarter to run against next year, we just need to stay focused on customer satisfaction and keep building that recurring revenue the balance of the year.
 Usually I talk next about whichever business line is our bright spot, be it residential or a commercial pest control. But for the first time in a long time the spotlight is shining on our termite business. It represents approximately 18% of our revenue and grew 10.5% this quarter.
 We provided our sales people the latest in digital sales marketing material capitalized on the termite swarm and enjoyed the results. Approximately 50% of our termite revenue each year comes from existing customer renewal revenue, they will be good to see that 1000s of customers added this quarter continue to satisfied customers for many years to come. Great job sales team, great job operations. But it wasn’t just terminating that contributed to the quarter all business lines contributed. Just as I don’t remember 10% growth in termite in the 14 years I've been here I haven't seen 8.2% growth in residential pest control which represent 39% of the business.
 We added twice the number of customers to our recurring revenue base than we did last year in the first quarter. As a result of high demand and stellar retention, the balance of the business, 42% is commercial pest control which grew 3.1% again up from 1.8% last quarter.
 The sequential growth is encouraging. The strength of this business is the lack of dependence of any single customer and in fact our top 20 national accounts makeup up less than 3% of our business. It appears some of our new programs we referred to last quarter are gaining traction and restoring our momentum back. Overall the fundamentals that drives business leads, pricing, closure and retention have all improved, hard not to be excited by some of the trends we have been seeing.
 Gross margins for the quarter improved 70 basis points to 48.8% for the first quarter versus 48.1% from the prior year. The improvement in operating margin was due to improved productivity, personnel related costs as well as reduce insurance and claim cost. Partially offset by higher cost of fuel. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased slightly, $567,000 totaling $9.8 million. Depreciation was $3.9 million and amortization and tangibles was $5.9 million. For the full-year amortization and tangibles typically from value assigned to the customer contracts acquired in an acquisition will represent a significant after tax charge of $0.10 a share.
 Most of the dollar increases from some small tucked in acquisitions over the previous 12 months. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased $3.3 million or 3.6% to 32.8% of revenues decreasing from 33.7% last year. The decrease in margin percent is due to continued leveraging of administrative center salaries in our call centers, reductions in professional services and improvement in bad debt expense. The tax rate for the quarter came in at tad lower at 37.2%.
 Gary mentioned serve suite and we have begun to gear up for its implementation. We have added our first group of nine trainers to assist in implementation training and provide on-site help. From a cost perspective the run rate won't be significant to impact the next quarter and probably won't the third either. We should have a better handle on it when we talk of the third quarter results come October which seems like a long ways away right now. We need to have more representative samples of branches piloted and the implementation plan locked down.
 The balance sheet remains strong. We all ended the quarter with $60 million of cash and zero debt. While talking about balance sheet, one interesting note and I don’t know how many people have noticed our unearned revenue of $98 million. This represents cash we have received for services not yet performed which exceeds the amount of money owed us for services we have performed represented by our trade and finance receivables. What a great business model, cash provided from operations remained strong. We generated $37 million in the first quarter. There is one area both our shareholders and bankers agree upon spend more on acquisitions. We continue to look for the opportunity to invest what we know pest control and only pest control.
 The year is off to a good start, our team remains determined and I will point out we have our agents standing by to start the year of pest control service. Just call 1800-800-Orkin. Within the meantime Gary and I are ready to open the call for any questions that you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Clement with Sidoti & Company. 
James Clement: Gary I was wondering if you could refresh our memory a little bit on the home team business model, if there hasn’t been a lot of building it's going on since you bought the business. So obviously installations or orders and building seems like it's picked up obviously a lot in the first quarter but you all don't really start making money until somebody actually occupies that home and becomes a recurring monthly customer, right? 
Gary Rollins: That’s exactly; there is really kind of a long tale on the process. You really need we are early on in installing the tube's in the wall. So we have to wait for the house to as to completed and then we have to wait until it's sold so we can contact the new owner. So that might be an 18 month period, now the good news is that we get a very high penetration I mean it's in the high 70s and then we also have the opportunity to market as the homes get older, our termite service and that’s one of the things it's really kept home team moving forward during this construction as they were able to go back on the older homes some of the original homes and cross sell the termite service. So it's one of those things, it's like planting the garden, you really got to put the tubes in and you are not going to benefit immediately but long-term it's been a very successful model. 
James Clement: Follow-up question if I may just kind of changing gears a little bit is obviously big numbers in termite and residential through the recession numbers hold up very well so it was always hard to tell how much the recession and rising unemployment and all that sort of stuff was hurting your business because your number stayed strong, now we see a massive acceleration here. Do you tribute some of that to perhaps confidence getting a little better, unemployment kind of stabilizing and any of that? 
Gary Rollins: I think you have to give some credit I mean that to me that would probably be the smallest element but working at record retention this quarter and I mean think retention improved over 8% which I certainly you can say some of that would be the economic outlook but we really give a lot of credit to our survey program that I have shared in the past.
 I mean we really have a way to communicate to our branches how they are doing service wise and there's a lot to peer pressure among the branches to not to be on the bottom and try to be on the top but there had to be some effect whether as we mention to me it would be the biggest change and I thought about that I don't remember the definition I thought about that I remember definition, I saw about luck one time, they said luck is where preparation meets opportunity. And I think one of the terrific things is that our people did a great job executing on this nice lead increase. Just because you get a bunch of leads doesn’t necessarily mean that you get a bunch of new customers.
 So we really took advantage of all the situation where we had great lead increases and I don't know exactly how do you give the appropriate consideration to the investments we've made in the internet, I mean people choose us over others so it's kind of really hard to read the moving parts that I am really proud of our people taking advantage of the nice improvement that we had in the leads. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Eric Hollowaty with Stephens Inc. 
Eric Hollowaty: Couple of follow-ups, regarding the weather benefit that you got in the first quarter, is there any risk of a pull forward here, in other words does this create sort of a demand shift scenario maybe just earlier in the year and potentially steal from maybe 2Q and perhaps 3Q or do you think that this truly generated incremental business this year that while it will be tough to comp against will incrementally benefit you this year. 
Harry Cynkus: That answer is two part, I think when you look at termites, the conditions -- we saw the best swarm we have seen in years, the warm weather early without a cold staff coming in freezing kept the mosquito, kept the termite active. So we certainly -- I don’t if we pull forward because we are still seeing good termite demand in April but good piece of that revenue is one-time revenue. The other half comes for the next 10 years as they make the renewal payments on that but we haven’t seen 10% quarter in years on termite. So some of that is I don’t know if it's pulled forward or pulled up but certainly one time occurrences in piece of that business.
 But when it comes to the residential and the commercial business this isn’t cash for clunkers where you pull forward a onetime sale and you got to wait for few years. The beauty of our model, 80% of our revenue is recurring revenue those customers sign a year service agreement so rather than starting the business in June the demand came there is demand that built early and we are still going to see a lot of demand when we get into the season.
 So I think our secret is the recurring revenue, we need to, we have enjoyed it early, building early in the year. We added twice the number of customers in the first quarter than we did a year ago but we are going to enjoy and service take care of those customers for years to come. 
Gary Rollins: I thing I could add to Harry’s comment, the termite swarms typically it stretches over 2.5 to 3 months depending on the area of the country so everybody didn't have a termite swarm and that’s weather-related and just the reproductive nature of the pest. So we don't think that the termite season is over by any stretch of imagination, we will just see. We try to look at this in every possible way you can look at it. 
Eric Hollowaty: That’s great news nonetheless Harry, if you are setting a gross margin for a moment is there any way you can quantify for us what the components contributed it sounds like you get a benefit from productivity and there was one other factor I think I missed and we had lower insurance and claims as well. 
Harry Cynkus: And I don't have that right in front of me; the biggest contributor though was improved productivity. Total fuel which impacted CSPM, has been a fuel cost up one $1.2 million in the quarter; the productivity by far was the largest contributor. 
Eric Hollowaty: Seing as you have the new service suite and only a very limited number of branches, what do you credit that productivity improvement to exactly? 
Harry Cynkus: I think the new customers… 
Gary Rollins: I think one of the things what is -- necessity is the mother of invention. I mean when we just had bunch of customers that we added and certainly we didn’t staff up and it wouldn’t have been practical to even tried that so we just got a lot and our people just did a lot more we have longer hours but in those longer hours we had a great conversion as far as our labor to the revenue.
 So they just did a stellar job as far as getting these customers absorbed into the operation. 
Eric Hollowaty: Great and if I can snick one more quick one in, any sense of how much pricing actions contributed in the quarter? 
Harry Cynkus: Pricing has been a small contributor, in most areas of the country, we saw good pricing when I say little better we are talking percent or two different than what the average prices rolled up. We will take our pricing action in typically for most of the brands residential price increase will go into effect June 1st, our commercial pricing action ago in July 1. We have tested this one, we are analyzing the results but we don’t see we are not expecting anything significantly different than what we've seen in the last several years, still very good pricing environment. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Joe Box with Keybanc Capital Markets. 
Joe Box: You just talked a minute ago about the margin impact in the quarter, can you maybe just give us some forward commentary on some of the puts and takes for operating margin expansion over the next couple of quarters. 
Harry Cynkus: Well we don’t give a lot of forward guidance, the tricky part of this business is always matching. We are starting to and have to gear up for the season. So we are adding people, and hope you're adding them in the right places at the right time. Our long term goal is to continue to increase our operating profits 10% a year we have been fortunate this quarter we did a little better than that.
 We have certainly -- one of the pressures we are looking at what gas costs, we are hoping it continues to moderate and that’s something we will have to overcome. But we think we certainly can continue to improve margins through the year between our pricing action, the benefit of increased customer counts and density and overcome gas cost increases and retention certainly contributes, retention most profitable customer you have is one that’s already on your books. 
Joe Box: Actually to that point Harry, I think I heard you guys say it earlier that Orkin had record retention this quarter. Can you maybe just refresh us on where your residential retention rates are and maybe how far along in the process you are of closing the gap with home teams retention rates. 
Harry Cynkus: Again I don’t have that particular number handy; Orkin has traditionally been in the residential in the 74% to 76% retention we were at. At the high -- close to the high end that we might have done the best we have ever seen that in Orkin, Home Team had improved retention, Western had improved retention.
 But typically first quarter is not a big retention quarter, you still fortunately I think early season keeps that pest pressure and people like to enjoy their pest free homes and environment.
 So we still think we are in the early innings on improving retention I think we have certainly we talked about it last quarter. The cover of the annual report talks about, it addresses customer service satisfaction and we have put in the programs the serve and we are building into the culture and people are embracing it but I think we have a lot of opportunities to improve on your retention and we are really at the early innings of progress. 
Joe Box: Great. Thanks so it sounds like, really solid lead growth in the quarter, is that something that you are seeing hold through April? 
Harry Cynkus: I think that leads dropped off on in Western Pennsylvania this week. But we first -- 20 plus days into the quarter, we still see lead growth that hasn’t been as dramatic as the first quarter. I think we have seen some cooling off in the weather and we usually see variability between April and May. It's like I don’t think we have ever had an outstanding both April and May months usually one gets a little cooler, one gets a little warmer. One of the things the lead number start getting bigger. So we won't see the same kind of increases if we saw the first percentage increases. I mean the wheel gets bigger to roll, but early on we are still seeing positive lead improvement. 
Joe Box: I guess one thing I am trying to understand is potentially how sustainable are the growth rates that you guys put up in residential and termite? 
Harry Cynkus: I don’t think we will, I don’t think we will see other 10% termite. Residential, the 8, we will have to wait and see Gary says no, I say possible. 
Gary Rollins: I hope you are right. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I am showing no remaining questions at this time. I like to turn the conference back to management for any closing remarks. 
Gary Rollins: Well again thank you for joining us today and we look forward to the balance of the year and we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business and we look forward to sharing our performance with you this next quarter. Thanks again. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, January 25, 2012.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead. 
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at (212) 827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1 (800) 406-7325 with the passcode 4502890. Additionally the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days.
 On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we will open up the line for your questions. Gary, would you like to begin. 
Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn, and good morning. We appreciate all of you for joining us for our fourth quarter and year-end 2011 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we will begin. 
Harry Cynkus: Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call, excluding historical facts, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factors section of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Gary Rollins: Thanks, Harry. We were extremely pleased to have reported record revenues and profit for both our fourth quarter and the full year. Revenue for the fourth quarter rose 3.3% to $289.1 million and net income increased 11.3% to $21.4 million. Revenues for the full year were $1.205 billion and net income grew to $100.9 million for the year. I would like to bring to your attention that this is our first $100 million profit year, a real milestone.
 For the quarter, residential pest control was up 5%, commercial pest control rose 2.7%, excluding fumigation, and termite was up 2.9%. Demand for our bed bug services continued to grow, and companywide this business grew better than 30% over the previous year. Our data indicates that we are growing this area faster than the industry. We would expect these sales to expand further this year, in both residential and commercial bed bug services. We have several new initiatives that we feel will raise bed bug revenue to a higher level.
 As discussed previously, this business also offers us an opportunity for recurring revenue growth through our inspection and remedial services. At the same time, bed bugs provide us with the opportunity to introduce our conventional residential and commercial pest control services to those homeowners and businesses who were not previously customers. We are pleased with what we accomplished in 2011, as I think we should be, but that was almost a month ago. We are ready and into 2012.
 Our company culture is based on continuous improvement, and this year will be no different. We are as committed to that principle today as Otto Orkin was when he said, "We must never be satisfied with less than the best if we are to secure our share of tomorrows market." This year we are expecting improvement in all major areas of our business. I believe that this aspect of our culture is so appropriate in today's market, as consumers are both more savvy and have greater access to information concerning the products and services they buy than ever before.
 They typically do the research before making a major purchase or signing on with a company for services, such as pest control. Following their buying decision, they readily share how good or bad their experience was with friends and family, and are now using social media in a lot of instances. Customer loyalty cannot be taken for granted, you have to earn it. And we are working hard every day across our organization to win and retain this loyalty by focusing even greater on our customer service delivery.
 A challenge to our people all year will be, what have you done today to improve your customer service. With this as a backdrop, as we enter the new year I thought this might be a good time to provide a brief update on some of the initiatives that we advanced in 2011 to improve our business going forward. Let me digress for just a minute. Over the past years we have acquired some excellent companies that today make up our family of pest control brands. These companies have helped us grow our business and in many cases have helped improve our practices and processes. As I have said in the past, we have gotten pretty good at stealing shamelessly from ourselves. And our company has benefitted greatly from this synergy of sharing.
 For example, HomeTeam began customer satisfaction surveys 11 years ago, to better gauge their individual location performance. The results were so beneficial, we expanded customer surveys at Orkin and Western. And this past year we introduced an electronic version that creates what we call the net promoter score. I discussed a little bit about this last quarter. This too better helps us capitalize on our customers growing desire to provide feedback and share experiences, both good and bad. These surveys have been and will continue to be a major contributor to improving our ability to please and retain customers at all of our brands. We are also expecting this tool in effort to assist us in gaining new businesses through word of mouth referrals from happy customers.
 Last year we also tested, developed and implemented several technological improvements to increase productivity and efficiency and also improve customer service. Some of these in fact helped us reach our revenue and our profit objectives as they came on stream early in the year. One of the most important projects was the initiation of a new customer relation management or CRM and branch administrative system, called ServSuite. We believe this investment will aid us in customer retention while reducing operating cost and improving productivity.
 On our last call, I mentioned that our goal was to implement a second pilot branch in December. Well, in fact we added 2 branches during the quarter and currently have 3 Orkin branches live on the system. We expect to add this software to more branches during the year and when the roll out is complete, ServSuite will be in more than 400 branches companywide along with 58 Orkin franchise operations. We look forward to updating you on our progress as the year moves along.
 During 2011 we completed and developed and installed a new call processing platform for our call centers, having replaced our old systems. This has enhanced call routing for the entire company, and the feedback that we have received has been most positive, with telephone call time having been reduced as a result of this new system. Laptops, smartphones and enhanced software play a large role in most of our lives. And this is certainly true when it comes to our commercial sales force. Thanks to the efforts of our Orkin Canada division, the sales management software they developed was modified for use among all Rollins U.S. branches. This one system is now helping our Orkin commercial sales managers better direct the daily activities of their sales force with an end result of improving productivity and data collection. Currently, we are in the process of installing this tool in all of our independent branches.
 Our service technicians have always been the most important factor concerning customer satisfaction and our success in this regard. To help improve their productivity and branch profitability during this past year, we replaced over 2100 handheld devices. And in the administrative area, approximately 2300 branch desktop computers. Orkin Canada is nearly complete in rolling out its new propitiatory technician handheld application, which I am pleased to report has already increased technician and administrative efficiency.
 Rollins employees are our greatest asset, and it’s our ongoing responsibility to seek out, develop and promote individuals within our company to ensure continued success. We know, and studies have validated that employee satisfaction and customer retention are directly linked. We have therefore developed several initiatives to better understand employees’ attitudes towards our company and their careers. We have accomplished this through confidential surveys, random interviews, and semi-annual town hall meetings held at each location to discuss business issues and employee concerns.
 This effort is really paying off. Our 2011 survey showed higher job satisfaction which helped result in the lowest turnover rate in our company’s history. Attracting, training and empowering our employees helps provide us with qualified individuals to assume greater responsibility. In that regard, we are pleased to announce that Greg Baumann has recently been appointed Vice President of our combined training and technical services department. Greg joined Rollins in August of 2010 as our technical service director, assigned to marketing and global digital strategies, our internet operation. He is a degree chemist with 30 years of industry experience including food safety, toxicology, research, education, operations and risk management. Greg served in many roles during his 16 years with the National Pest Management Association, including being the architect of the global pest management in food plants standards. We are very proud to have him on our team in this important responsibility.
 He assumes his expanded position following David Lamb, VP of Orkin Learning and Media Services, who will be retiring at the beginning of April. David has been instrumental in creating our award winning training and human capital development. Under his leadership the reputation of the Rollins training organization is revered not only within the pest control industry but also among other non-industry corporations. We are truly grateful to David for all his contributions. He has been a great asset to our company.
 To ensure that we continue to have leadership in place to maintain high performance, we have established several new or improved management training programs, including our Rollins University Management Development School, a key resource in training our leaders for the future. In 2011, 54 operational managers completed this program designed to develop the skills needed to more successfully manage our branches. Additionally, we have added a new management training program to future grow our senior management. This new advanced management program was developed through a partnership with Georgia State University School of Business. We refer to it as the Rollins leadership development program, and it crosses all of our brands.
 Furthermore, we are pleased at our progress in training and promoting women in the field and support center management positions. Again in 2011, we are proud of the contribution of our women’s leadership council, as well as Orkin’s sole sponsorship of the pest control industry’s Women in Excellence award. Due to the strength of our business we have continued to hire, even as the economic environment has remained weak. To make the process of getting onboard easier for our new hires we began the implementation of an automated process moving us away from what had been primarily a manual paper ordeal. This year we plan to complete the final phase of this project which among other things will eliminate the need for data to be manually entered into or payroll system.
 As I said earlier, we were pleased with what we accomplished last year but we have great expectations and plans for this year. We will continue to invest in technology as well as in our people in order to provide the best in pest control solutions for our customers, and we will continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that are complementary.
 With all that said, I will now turn the call over to Harry. Harry? 
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Good morning. We appreciate you for joining us on the call, Gary shared an important message that this year is everyone’s responsibility to improve customer service. I recently read an article that stated that the corporation isn’t a sturdy species, and only a tiny fraction reach the age of 40. And here our Orkin brand is beginning its 111th year. An accomplishment in its own right. Particularly given that the average large firm does not live as long as an ordinary American. Fortunately, we are not dependent on innovation and forced to cannibalize our big revenue generators to build our business. We just need to work relentlessly on our service. We are not a technology company like Apple or Intel worrying about the next technological breakthrough. We are not a drug company worrying about what drug is coming off of patent. We just need to take care of service. Although we have had our successes we can’t get complacent, we can't get arrogant, we just need to excel in caring for our customers.
 With that, let me share our results. Today, we reported fourth quarter revenues of $289.1 million, representing 3.3% revenue growth. Net income increased 12.4% to $21.6 million or $0.15 per diluted share, compared to $19.2 million or $0.13 per diluted share for the same period in 2010. As you have come to expect real profits, real cash, with a great quarter for cash generation with net cash provided from operations for the quarter coming in at $40 million, up over 25%. Year-to-date revenues $1.2 billion, a 6% increase. Net income for the full year has increased 11.9% to $100.7 million, while EBITDA fell just short of $200 million coming in at $199.1 million.
 Having previously hit the billion dollar milestone with revenue, now this year we have passed the $100 million milestone for net income. I wonder if we can call it a milestone or a millstone when our income tax should someday reach $100 million. Anyways let’s talk about revenue. Revenue growth at 3.3%, less this quarter then you have been witnessing, as for the first time in 6 quarters there were no significant acquisitions aiding the comparison. We saw revenue growth across all but one brand and all service lines.
 Our residential pest control continues to be a bright spot growing 5% for the quarter and making up almost 41% of our business. Trends are encouraging. The fourth quarter is not a big lead quarter, but lead growth is still growth and I will take a double-digit lead growth in any quarter. And making -- it’s made this the strongest growth in leads in over a year. Leads don’t do any good though unless you sell them, start them and most importantly as we have been talking about, pleasing our customers. One measure of service is retention which did improve in the quarter.
 42% of our revenue is commercial pest control, which grew just under 2%. It was hurt by both fumigations and for the first quarter and sometime unfavorable currency exchange. The one brand that didn’t have growth, which is always disappointing, happens to be one of our specialized companies, Industrial Fumigation. And their seasonality is more volatile. For the year they still ended up as one of our top organic growers and we continue to have high expectations for them again in 2012.
 Customer retention also remains strong and actually improved in the quarter, which says the issue with growth is that we are not putting enough in the top of the funnel. Gary has already talked about some plans to improve that and I am sure we will. Our termite and ancillary services grew 2.9% and represents almost 17% of revenue. While seasonally influenced, half of this revenue is recurring in nature coming from year-round monitoring through renewal fees recognized ratably over the course of the year.
 The fourth quarter ended strong showing its best growth of the year -- leads, pricing, sales, retention all improved, a good finish for 2011. Overall, business-wise, we see no significant change other than positives in the fundamentals that drive our business, leads, pricing, closure and retention. We are excited by some of the trends we have been seeing in these typically low demand, slow winter months for our residential services. We expect to see greater growth in our commercial business with the new programs we believe will gain some traction and help restore our momentum.
 Although bedbugs seemed to have lost their newsworthy appeal, I haven’t seen them in the headlines of late, they continue to flourish. They will remain for sometime our fastest growing area of pest control. As my grandmother used to say, "Sleep well and don’t let the bed bugs bite. Call Orkin."
 Gross margins for the quarter improved 40 basis points to 47.7% for the second quarter versus 47.3% in the prior year. This quarter’s fuel cost increases moderated and we were able to offset its 30 basis point variance by favorable margin improvement related to service and administrative productivity, as well as continuing favorable medical claim cost. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter increased slightly, $313,000, totaling $9.7 million. Depreciation was $4 million and amortization of intangibles was $5.7 million.
 Over the last 5 years our capital expenditures have averaged $16 million. We didn’t exactly go wild this year but we did spend an amount greater than average, $18.6 million. This reflects a little over $4 million on the development of the ServSuite project, and nearly $4 million on improving our telephony capability and computer refreshment. The larger piece of depreciation and amortization involves acquired customer contracts totaling $5.7 million for the quarter and $22.4 million for the full year. This represents a significant after-tax charge of $0.10 this year. As I have mentioned every quarter, for those who may be new to the story, when we do pest control company acquisitions there’s seldom any significant hard assets on the balance sheet and as a result most of the valuations ends up being classified as intangibles and customer contracts. We currently have $137.5 million of intangibles from the acquisitions on our balance sheet. With current amortization running approximately $22 million a year, we will have a few more years of this expense flowing through the P&L.
 We see little risk in possible impairment charges, all the businesses we have acquired have grown as we continue to write down the value of the customer contracts recognized at the time of the purchase, while expensing fully the cost of all new customers acquired. Sales, general and administrative expenses increased $400,000 or 0.5% to 32.1% of revenues, decreasing from 33% of revenues. There is something to be said about growing our revenue faster than expenses and leveraging your cost structure. We saw savings in sales expense as well as professional consulting expense. The tax rate for the quarter came in a tad higher at 37.7%, with our year-to-date provision for income taxes at 37.5%, which we expect to maintain, barring anyone in Washington coming to their senses and passing tax relief to help the competitiveness of U.S. companies.
 We continue to build on our solid foundation. Possessing a strong balance sheet and cash flows, Rollins continues to be financially strong. EBITDA reached $199 million. With our strong cash flow this year we have funded our $18 million in capital expenditures, paid off the last $26 million of our line of credit. We would have loved to spend more on the acquisitions and will continue to look for the opportunity to reinvest our cash in what we know best, pest control and only pest control. With cash to spare, we returned $71 million to our shareholders through both our stock buyback and dividend programs. This year we bought back nearly 1.5 million shares of common stock and have authorization to purchase an additional 1.1 million shares.
 Speaking of dividends, I would be remiss not to mention that yesterday our board of directors increased the quarterly dividend, 14.3% to $0.08 per share. This marks now the tenth consecutive year that the dividend has been increased a minimum of 12%. One might wonder why after 10 consecutive years of strong dividend increase, our dividend yield seldom exceeded 1.5% during this time. Well we don’t often talk about our stock performance, but an analyst brought to my attention our performance over the past ten years, with dividends reinvested as compared to the S&P 500 Index and the Russell 2000 Index. Between January 2001 and the end of December 2011, the S&P 500 Index increased 33.3% for the 10-year period, an annualized increase of 2.9%. The Russell 2000 Index rose 73.1%, an annualized increase of 5.6%.
 This compared with ROL, which rose over the past ten years, a total of 537%, an annualized basis of 20.3%. No brag, just the facts. 2012 is already here and overall we feel well positioned for another record year. Most importantly before I turn the call back to Gary, let me express our appreciation and thank all the Rollin, Orkin, Orkin Canada, HomeTeam, Western, IFC, Trutech and Crane Associates, whose hard work and dedication are behind these outstanding results. We also thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support.
 With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Gary. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Hollowaty with Stephens Inc. 
Eric Hollowaty: Couple here. You guys did what appears to be a great job of leveraging SG&A in the quarter and as well for the year which appears to be down around 50 basis points to 32.3%. is it fair to assume that that might be a maximum level to expect going forward as a percentage of sales, or how should we think about the opportunities of SG&A reduction and were the initiatives that you described in terms of some of the back office improvements and such, directly related to the leverage that you were able to achieve in the fourth quarter, specifically? 
Harry Cynkus: Eric, I think if you look at overtime we have a long history of focus on cost control and productivity improvement. I don’t think by any stretch of the imagination that we haven’t -- we have reached any maximum level as yet. I think some of the actions that we have talked about the replacing of all the telephony equipment with the call centers, some of the software changes, process improvements, there’s certainly opportunities to continue to become more efficient. So I think we have better days ahead. 
Eric Hollowaty: That’s great, Harry. And I wanted to follow-up, if I could, one aspect of your business I think a lot of investors forget about is the HomeTeam business that you acquired a few years ago which services the new housing build market. Could you just talk about the relative performance of that business from a margin standpoint for the rest of your portfolio and are you starting to see some signs of life there in terms of resumption of growth? 
Gary Rollins: Let me take that one. Yes, we are. We are seeing some signs of life in the new construction area. We have been fortunate that we have added some new builders, national builders to our collection of customers. Our installs are up, which is the validation of that. And HomeTeam has done a very good job during the, I guess the deepest of the trough, of really going back to their customer and selling them other pest control services. And I think it’s noteworthy that they have continued to improve their margins and improve their profits all through the down cycle as far as construction is concerned. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport & Company. 
Clint Fendley: I wonder if, Gary, just on your comments in the prepared remarks, you talked about raising the bedbug activity to higher levels. I wondered how you might go about accomplishing that. I know in the past you have seemed to be limited by supply of trained dogs etcetera. I mean how do you think you can drive what's been a phenomenal growth story, even higher than it’s been here recently. 
Gary Rollins: Well, I think one of the ways to do that is to develop programs that generates more recurring revenue. And I think that residential customers in particular that have a bedbug infestation, also have a certain amount of anxiety that it’s going to return. And I think if you think about it, the bedbugs got there somehow, typically through travel. People are not likely to change their lifestyle or their travel, or their work style as a result of having a bedbug problem. So we are working on developing creative ways to handle ongoing inspections. There is new monitoring products that are coming out routinely that we are testing. So we really need to and are focusing on taking kind of a onetime sales situation although it’s a nice one, but converting these customers into recurring customers. And cross-selling, frankly, it’s certainly not unusual for these customers once they have the experience of the service that we render and the quality of our people, to have us take care of their general pest control problems. So I think we are going to do more cross-marketing, and we are going to accelerate the recurring revenue aspect of bedbugs. 
Clint Fendley: And just wondering where you’ll see the biggest opportunity, on the commercial side or the residential side here? 
Gary Rollins: Well, the residential is growing faster, it’s a small number so it’s a little bit easier for it to go. I don’t really see a limitation. More and more the hotel, lodging industry is very concerned and highly motivated to have bedbug protection and I think that again, with inspection, the old deal that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. They don’t want an incident. And so I think that lends itself again to the recurring revenue opportunity that we would go in and we inspect a certain number of rooms each month. And so I really think that percentage wise that we have got comparable opportunities as far as growing both areas of the business. 
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you. We appreciate you joining us today and please know that we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks, again. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. If you would like to listen to a replay of today’s conference, please dial (303) 590-3030 or (800) 406-7325 and enter the access code 4502890. We would like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilyn Meek - IR Gary Rollins - President, CEO & COO Harry Cynkus - Treasurer, SVP & CFO 
Analysts: Clinton Fendley - Davenport and Company Jamie Clement
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins Inc.Q3 2010 conference call. During today’s presentation all parties will be in a listen only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for question. (Operator Instructions) this conference is being recorded today, and the date is 27 October 2010. I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek from the Financial Relations Board, please go ahead.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release however if any one is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746 and we will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1800-406-7325 with the pass code 4372650. Additionally the call is being webcast at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  The management will make some opening remarks and then we will open up the line to your questions. Gary would you like to begin.
Gary Rollins: Yes thank you Marilyn. Good morning and thanks all of you for joining us on our third quarter 2010 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Harry Cynkus: Thanks, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that have been made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We are very pleased with the record results for both the quarter and the first nine months of this year. With revenues increasing 6.4% over the last year’s third quarter and 5.2% up year-to-date. On August 1 we completed the acquisition of Waltham Service, a leading New England pest control company that was established in 1893 even before Orkin started. Excluding the contributions that Waltham made to our results residential pest control posted an impressive 5.5% increase in revenues and the highest growth rate we’ve seen in residential revenue since the third quarter of 2006. Commercial revenues increased 6%, aided by strong growth in fumigations while termite increased approximately 1% over last year’s third quarter. These strong revenue results contributed to a 12.2% increase in net income. As we discussed on our second quarter call, our focus this year has been on increasing new sales yield. Simply yield is the end product after we get a lead to sell the lead and perform the start of the account. Our team along with (ECG) worked together to develop five simple ways for our employees to better engage customers to improve customer yield and customer retention. We want to make it easier for the customers to work with us and our results have been positive. Given the publicity that bed bug have received I will be remiss if I failed to recognize their impact on our quarter. I have always looked with pride at the growth rate of our mosquito service which is increasing at better than 20% annually, but our bed bug business is leaving the mosquitoes in the dust. Needless to say bed bug demand continues to grow and represents over 4 million in revenue in this quarter alone, up over 75% from the same quarter last year. While we don’t have any clear cut evidence as to what further impact this high level of ventures and publicity will have on our residential pest control revenue, we have no doubt that the bed bug invasion has made consumers more conscious of other pest problems. Specifically as it relates to the health and property causing them to have greater concerns about their living environment. Such housing concern of this nature is always good for our business. We know our training efforts are a significant contributor to the success of the company. This area is also one of the reasons that we have continued in named the Training Magazine’s Top 125 list of organizations that excel in human capital development. Most of our award winning training is generated from the Rollins Learning Center in Atlanta and we are proud to say that all of the Rollins pest control brands are benefiting to some degree from this excellent stores of knowledge and education.  Let me share some of our recent training initiatives. In the third quarter we conducted four certificated field trainer courses, certainly we invest routine rate in the train to trainer as it gives us more training leverage. We now have a total of 357 certificated field trainers, 63 of our employees signed up for mastering the art of front line customer service training. 552 students completed the introductory technical training and 225 students completed new higher sales training.  Our Rollins University sales training team conducted a four day college of a new commercial and termite sales management training program which defines the standards and best practices used to generate greater commercials and termite sales. And media services satellite broadcast along with video on demand also play a central role in our training. Media services just recently completed five initial residential and commercial training classes, three initial termite classes, three account manager training classes and three termite sales technical training classes. Additionally, they also conducted several technical training sessions that were certified by state regulatory agencies. When our training is accepted by regulatory authorities and CEUs or continuing education units, it’s very beneficial to us.  And for the most recent quarter there were 18,467 launches of online resources and enrollment of our web-based training curriculum. I can go and on and on about our training but I think you can see that we take training very seriously at our company and it is paying off at Rollins Training using a sometime spending, its in all the time spending. At this point I’d like to take a minute to personally address a recent change in management that may be on some of your minds as many of you are aware in early September the companies board of directors announced that my son Glenn would be leading the company.  While I cannot elaborate on his departure since they has legal ramification and it would also would not be appropriate since it’s their family matter. Although this situation was a personal disappointment I want to be clear that this an unfortunate family matter not a business disagreement. I also wanted to assure you that Glen’s departure will not and have not affected the operations of our company nor our plans for the future.  Keep in mind, I have never been out of the Rollins working picture and I won’t be in the near future. Furthermore, it’s important to understand that we have a very strong management team that builds corporate and divisional levels. During the past couple of years in particularly we have strengthened and expanded our leadership teams through numerous internal promotion and at the same time added several top level executives through acquisitions.  In December of last year, you might recall we have promoted John Wilson as highly successful division president he joined Orkin in 1996 to the newly created position of President of Orkin USA. John served the company in a number of catastrophes and was responsible for significant improvement in both of the operating divisions that he managed before being promoted. In January Greg Clendenin, who has over 30 years of industry experience and was instrumental in building a leading Florida Pest Control company joined Orkin and replaced John as the President of the Southeast division. We in fact have nine Rollins and Orkin division Presidents who collectively have over 205 years of industry and management experience, most of it gained at our company. There is not a service company that I am aware of with greater depth of highly capable leaders. Over the past 11 years, the strategic acquisitions that we made have provided us with outstanding leadership. In fact we typically target companies with strong management teams that are committing to stay and continue to operate their businesses. This has not only help make us the acquire of choice but also has strengthened our company. Equal to management teams and Rollins family of brands brings expertise and improvement track records that continue to help and build our business. As I mentioned earlier we were pleased to have Waltham Services join our family of pest control brands and they are already contributing to our results having posted 3.5 million in revenues for the partial quarter. We are referring future acquisitions through the balance of the year which could provide an additional 10 to $20 million in revenue carrying over into the New Year. Let me bring you up-to-date on our service routing initiatives. After backing away from our previous routing and scheduling project last December, we identified a vendor with a relatively new and robust routing software package. We initiated the proof of value pilot in two test branches earlier this year. While initial results were promising, the economics more care as you show an acceptable ROI. In part the cost of the expense of having to have a separate system rollout. Frankly this is why you do pilots and test and we carefully the results from these tests. Our primary branch operating system which we refer to as Focus is several years old. While it served us well we realized during our routing and schedule test that we have a greater need to concentrate our IT efforts toward a new common Rollins branch operating system. One in which all brands can benefit from enhanced features and processes. We believe that this initiative will provide a very high return on investment. As we have acquired a number of brands over the last several years, we have had the opportunity to observe up close some newer more advanced branch operating software packages. Currently, Orkin is in the very late stage of piloting one of these packages used by several of our brands in many of our Orkin franchisees. This would take the place of Focus. This initiative could provide an updated universal Rollins branch operating system that would allow us to leverage the data captured by all operations which in turn will enable us to better service us our customers and provide greater support to our technicians, sales people, administrators and mangers, while improving operating efficiencies. This software also provides a routing and scheduling platform. So we ultimately will be pursuing this benefit as well and with one system rollout. Sometimes I envy Orkin’s founder Otto Orkin as we begin to have the challenge of identifying and adopting new computer technology. We just personally worked on sales, service and collections. I will turn now to something that we’ve been very successful with our Bed Bugs ad campaign. Since first airing in 2006, it continues to be extremely popular. TV awareness is up to 90% for these commercials. We will continue to build upon our equity in Bed Bugs and we can all look forward to the introduction of some new characters and story line in our spring 2011 campaign. At the same time we continue to optimize our internet strategy which continues to provide us with a high percentage of leads. We plan to roll out new internet strategies in the New Year. By the way if you haven’t visited our Orkin website recently, we invite you to do so. You will observe over 400 positive customer testimonials by branch locations, which are really creating interest and increasing traffic. Rotation page viewers were up 54% over year-to-year and we also now have a Spanish version of the site. But before I turn the call over to Harry it’s the time of year, when we start working on our annual reports and I want to congratulate our annual report team for winning a silver award from the League of American Communications Professionals. This is quite an impressive honor given that there were 4,000 entries from more than 20 countries worldwide. I’ve told our people however that this recognition just raises our bar towards the 2010 product. The first nine months of this year have been most gratifying for all of us, but as I have said in the past we have a culture of never being satisfied and always believing there’s room for improvement. I am confident, we will continue to build and improve our business to the benefit of all our constituents, employees, customers and shareholders. Let me now turn the call over to Harry who will provide you with more about our financial results.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, appreciate you all joining us on the call. In the third quarter, we accelerated the solid growth from the first half of the year positioning us well for the remainder of this year and a great stepping stone for next year. Today, we reported revenue of 305.1 million, our first $300 million quarter. This represented 6.4% revenue growth, net income increased 12.2% to 25.5 million or $0.26 per diluted share compared to 22.7 million or $0.23 per diluted share for the same period in 2009. The fundamentals that drive our revenue, liens, pricing, closure and retention remains strong and continues so into the fourth quarter albeit it’s still early in the quarter. Clearly, our positive momentum strengthened. Let’s look deeper into the result. Certainly, revenue was aided somewhat by the acquisition of Waltham Services as their results were included for two of three months in the quarter. Excluding Waltham, it still remains our strongest organic growth in some time with revenue growth of 5.1%. The stronger Canadian dollar made little impact listing revenues just (Inaudible). Revenues on a comparable basis to last year excluding Waltham and Canada, we grew 4.9%, a nice improvement over last quarter’s comparable growth of 4.2. While fed funds had generated a lot of interest in our company off late, I think it’s important to remind investors of the underlining strength in our business is the reoccurring nature of most of our services. In fact, nearly 80% of our revenue is recurring. Our best quarters, spring and summer are now behind us. We always hoped for a late winner but what is most important to us at this point is our gross contract advantage or GCR which describes so much recurring business we are carrying into Q4. This year, it will be in access of 5%, over 300 basis points better than where we were going into the fourth quarter last year.  Let’s talk some revenue specifics. First, residential pest control which continues to represent above 40% of our business, wholesale impressed at 5.5% increase in revenues, the highest growth rate we’ve seen in the residential sector since the third quarter of 2006. This is noteworthy since back in 2006, we currently employed a door-to-door sales program that if the time represented 10% of our sales.  Today it’s used very selectively and represent less than 3% making this quarter’s revenue gain all the more impressive. Pest control is a great recessionary system business where the residential or commercial for that matter people and business don’t like bugs and their concern over health and property is paramount. As we’ve noted our brands enjoyed low price elastic giving us opportunity to continue to fine tune our price realization programs and at the same time retention continues to improve. Commercial pest control continues to be a steady performance in a starling business environment it represents 43% of our revenue. Last quarter our commercial sales team mission was to knock on a few more doors and for the quarter our commercial pest control business excluding Waltham Group 6%. We saw a strong improvement in commercial retention as well. As for termite it represents less than 19% of our annual revenue. Termite results were mixed, we saw some strong results in some parts of the country with weak results elsewhere this portion of our business is more dependent on new sales with approximately half the revenue recurring coming from renewal and monitoring. Gross margin for the quarter improved 30 basis points to 48.9% for the third quarter versus 48.6% in the prior year due to improvements in productivity from both services and administrative salaries and reduced professional fee. Those improvement were partially offset by higher fuel and material supply cost that’s related to the fumigation business which had a strong quarter. As I said last quarter, given the amount of new customers we put on we are certainly surprised to experience of decreasing the service wages as a percent of revenue. The impact of Waltham with its higher cost of service was marginal; maybe 5 basis points. Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased slightly $245,000 if amortization of intangible specifically customer contract from our 1999 acquisition of PCL Canada are now fully amortized however this pick up was partially offset from the additional $300,000 increase and depreciation and amortization from Waltham Services and acquisition that closed August 1. The recording of intangible from the acquisition we now add a 145 million of value assigned to customer contracts and other intangible assets on our balance sheet as of September 30. Amortization of intangibles will continue to represent a significant non-cash charge to the P&L for sometime. Based upon our fully diluted shares outstanding would be non-cash after tax charge of $0.13 per share.  Sales, general and administrative expense increased 5.7 million to the 32.4% of revenues decreasing from 32.5% of revenue. We saw a dollar increase in sales, administrative staffing and commissions related to the growth of the business along with higher consulting costs however revenue grew at a faster rate and that’s the decline in SG&A as a percent of revenue.  Our provision for income tax is 37.7% versus 38% a year ago. We continue to build to our solid foundations. The economics of the business only continues to improve. Our balance sheet remains strong with total assets exceeding $600 million. We continue to generate significant free cash flow in excess of 85 million year-to-date, which has allowed us to take advantage of growth opportunities such as the acquisition of Waltham Pest Services as well as possible other trends and actions anticipated for this quarter that Gary has already alluded to. For those investors who have been lamenting not buying the stock earlier when it under $20, our Board has addressed your concerns. In case you missed the announcement, our Board justly approved to three for two stock split. The split will be affected by issuing one additional share of common stock for every two shares that common stocks held. The additional shares will be distributed on December 10, 2010 to holders of record at the close of business on November 10. In addition the company declared its regularly quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per share. This cash dividend will be paid down to three split shares. The Board of Directors will reevaluate the amount of their regular quarterly dividend as it has historically done at the January Board meeting. Hard to believe 2010 will be drawn to a close before we know it. It’s been an excellent year for our company and we are looking forward to 2011 with great enthusiasm. As Gary always says, there is much to be done. We are focusing on improving and expanding on the initiatives we have put in place and look to identify and capitalize on new opportunities to grow and improve our business. I look forward to talking to you next quarter and share our fourth quarter and record year result. Let me once again express our appreciation to all the Rollins associates who hard work and dedication are behind these outstanding results. We also think our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued support. With that, I will now the call back over to Gary. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you Harry. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions which you might have. 
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) our first question comes from the line of Clinton Fendley with Davenport and Company. Please go ahead. 
Clinton Fendley - Davenport and Company: Wondered if we could get a little bit more color just on the 5.5% growth that we saw in residential and any trends geographically or any pricing and end volume commentary?
Gary Rollins : Well, we had overall improvement and all of our business units had good revenue increases, which always makes you feel good. Demand was up which is always important for us both on the internet and convectional telephone leads. We continue to make progress as far as our pricing is concerned. We completed a successful price increase campaign for existing pest control customers. So I think we have just a lot of things coming together in the quarter that contributed a little here, a little there and we didn’t see any unique thing occurring as far as any geography or any one particular business unit.
Clinton Fendley - Davenport and Company: And a lot of these pricing changes were made back in the late spring timeframe. So I guess it’s safe to say that that’s definitely stock at this point then. 
Gary Rollins : Yeah, all the price increases went into effect at the end of the, by the end of second quarter. HomeTeam price increases effective July 1, if we took the total impact of the price increase this year versus last year, this year is actually a little lower than last year, not significantly. So the quarters are pretty comparable in terms of the dollar from the price increase this year versus last year.
Harry Cynkus: The great thing in that current price increase is the gift that keeps on giving. So we did, you know it rolls into this quarter, it will roll into next quarter and so forth. So we’ve done a lot of research, a lot of work on our pricing and we watch it very carefully. 
Clinton Fendley - Davenport and Company: Any reason why your door-to-door sales approach is being used a lot less in the current environment?
Gary Rollins : We were really concerned that these customers were not as sticky as conventionally acquired customers. The prices continue to go up, finding people to do this. We hired college students who would work showing independent organization and they become fewer and fewer so the rates kept climbing. And we just kind of sit down and up to a pencil and just decided although it was painful to stop, it just wasn’t the best thing for our business and as Harry stated we use it sparingly, if we have our unique market that we really think that we can turn up the growth significantly. And we can make this economics work for us and we will selectively do it. Its also with the door-to-door program that’s more of an impulsive buying decision and certainly in this environment people are less inclined to make that impromptu decision. So we are bad and the economics of it that’s very eluded to at a high cost of sale, the retention is not as good as you know I think it’s because of the impulsive nature of the buy that we dialed at that significantly. 
Clinton Fendley - Davenport and Company: And switching gears for just a moment, what is the time line for the rollout of the replacement for the Focus system? And just any thoughts here as to the CapEx requirements for the new system?
Gary Rollins : Well I think the rollouts going to take as close two years I mean if everything because those enhancement is having you know they were having to do now although this is a very robust product, we just have some new launches in the way we manage our business and run our business. So we can’t really take the product right off the shelf and have it to fill all of our requirements.
Harry Cynkus : And we don’t have a clear rollout schedule, we are doing a pilot, we are converting the one branch here in the fourth quarter and as a result we need to evaluate those results, do additional changes if any needs to be made, incorporate it, we should really then determine what the roll-out would look like. CapEx, again until we have a roll-out schedule plan, I really can’t give you any color on the impact next year but its not anything out of the ordinary as CapEx runs pretty consistently between 10 and $20 million a year. We hit the highs of 20 million when we do something like this. This year we are at the low end. So if there is anything outside of that range once we looked at to get a better picture, the roll-out will give you more color at that time.
Unidentified Analyst: So Orion in total, if I’m not mistaken, was about, what, $15 million? So would this be more or less than that?
Harry Cynkus: No. I was far or less to 15 million.
Gary Rollins: I think that may have been the intent when we got fairly finished. But over a couple of years it’d certainly be in that neighborhood to 15 and 20 million that could cost to some of that CapEx, some of the internal cost trading.
Harry Cynkus : One other things that we have kind of mastered to some extent is this web-based training which as opposed to sending a bunch of people out and physically being on hand at locations to put on this systems. We’ve had good success with some of our smaller projects by doing our training over the web, more people can become familiar with the routines and ask questions and so forth. So one of the benefits I would think here is your is comparing to Orion that next system roll out should be more economical because their training will not be so hard.
Gary Rollins :  That just one of the things that we’re pointing right now but we’re really early to this process and we’ll give you more color when we really understand the full impact at this point. We’re planning to absorb the cost in our normal operating cost and if it falls outside of that, we’ll let you know. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Clement. Please go ahead.
Jamie Clement:  Just a follow-up question on the software system from Clint’s questions. What exactly, from like an efficiency standpoint, are you looking to achieve? I’m not talking numbers, but just sort of like from a process. I think you mentioned you had some of your different brands were using different systems. What are the top two or three sort of cool things you hope to achieve with the system?
Gary Rollins :  I will be sharing data more carefully now, measuring our advertising and marketing results, having common definitions as far as the way you count customers and the way count retention. And you can imagine each of these systems have a little twist or return. So I think we would be adapting common definitions to measure and account for the data and performance of the business. We are certainly complying with GAAP and Sarbanes and all of that but it is frustrating when you try to find out exactly how many lease do we have in the whole company and in the end you just find it’s not everybody who counts the lead are saying what. So I think the data side and the marketing as it relates to marketing will be a pretty powerful addition. And it’s just a lot cheaper to maintain one operating software. You don’t have to have a group of IT, three four who are familiar with four different systems. So I think there are just inefficiencies. We’ve not identified all of them but I think the other good thing is this isn’t the focus and I think these non Orkin brands looks towards a universal software system with a little bit more enthusiasm is opposed to trying to adopt Orkin’s system. That’s been one of the positive things Harry gave us and all of our different brands are enthusiastic about getting on this. 
Operator: And there are no further questions, please proceed.
Gary Rollins : Well, thank you all for joining us today we look forward to the balance of the year and we will continue to work hard to grow and improve our business and we look forward to sharing year end results with you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the Rollin Inc. Q3 2010 conference call. If you’d like to listen to the replay of today’s conference please dial 303-590-3030 or 800-406-7325 with the access code 4372650. ACT would like to thank you for your participation you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilyn Meek – Financial Relations Board Gary W. Rollins – CEO, President & COO Harry J. Cynkus – CFO & Treasurer
Analysts:  Clinton Fendley – Davenport James Clement – Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins Inc. Q2 2010 Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, July 28, 2010. I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3746. We will send you a release and make sure you’re on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1800-406-7325 with the pass code of 4329321. Additionally, the call is being webcast over at www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line to your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary W. Rollins: Yes, thank you, Marilyn. Good morning and thanks to all of you for joining us on our second quarter 2010 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement and disclaimer and then we’ll begin.
Harry J. Cynkus: Thanks, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary W. Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re very pleased to report that all business lines contributed positively to the second quarter financial results where revenues for the quarter rose 5% and net income was up 8.7%. This marks the 17th consecutive quarter of earnings improvement. We continue to experience solid performance in residential pest control revenue which were up 4.7%, the highest increase that we’ve seen in this service since the fourth quarter of 2006. This is particularly gratifying coming off of last year’s second quarter on residential pest control was down 1.8%. Commercial pest control reported an increase in revenues of 5.4% while our termite business grew 4.2%. Additionally, we’re seeing a strong growth in our ancillary services. Our mosquito season is now in full force and at the end of January, we saw an almost 20% increase in this business over last year. And as discussed last quarter, we continue to see a lot of that bug activity with a lot of press coverage. As net bugs remain a major concern the country, this business is rapidly growing as well. We believe that our positive financial performance is an indication that our strategy to steal shamelessly throughout all of our brands is paying off. The sharing of best practices concerning price increases, new customer pricing and new customer acquisition is benefiting all concerned. In the end, however, it all comes down to the many positive contributions our employees make every day. We take pride in our strong emphasis on recruiting high-quality individuals when needed and more importantly, pride in retaining our base of excellent employees. At the same time, we foster an environment in which all of our employees have the opportunity for career advancement. We were therefore pleased to announce earlier this month that Steve Levitt (ph) rejoined Orkin in 1994 has been promoted to assistant to the President of Orkin, USA. That was recently, Steve was a Senior Region Manager for Orkin in the Pacific division responsible for four regions in the West Coast customer care center. Steve is relocating through Atlanta and will be focusing on among other things, maximizing Orkin’s residential pest control growth. We’re also pleased to have Bob Cipriano (ph) and Greg Thalman (ph) join our home office support organization. Bob brings over 25 years of human resource expertise to Rollins, came through his senior level positions at Kimberly Clark and General Electric. He joins Rollins as Assistant Vice President of Human Resources and will oversee five division human resource areas for Orkin. In a people business like ours, this is a big responsibility. We’re very proud to have Greg Baughman (ph) join our company as Director of Technical Services, including 18 years at the National Pest Management Association. He has worked in the pest control industry for almost 30 years. Greg will provide technical support and service guidance to Orkin branches nationwide. As I mentioned, Rollins is a people company and we are rightfully so proud of these three and all of our team. As many of you are aware, strategic acquisitions are an important aspect of our business plan. And over the last ten years, we have acquired five significant pest control companies that today represents over a third of our business. At that end, at mid-month, we announced that we have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Waltham Services, Inc. (ph), established in 1893. By the way, it was hard to find the business older than Orkin but we did. Waltham is New England’s oldest and finest pest control company. We’re extremely pleased that they will be joining our family of brands. Their outstanding management team and talented associates will greatly enhance our service network in the important Northeast market. Waltham isn’t new to our company, having had a strong benchmarking relationship with our Western Pest Services business for over 40 years. Ranked the 33rd largest company in the industry, they have annual revenues exceeding $17 million. Following the acquisition, Waltham will operate independently to preserve its successful brand, local customers and employees. Internationally, we continue to expand our presence globally as well and an Orkin franchise will begin to offer pest control services in Turkey. Turkey marks the 16th foreign country in which Orkin operates. This franchise will primarily provide commercial pest control services. In June, the owners of the franchise completed their initial training at our learning center here in Atlanta. From time to time, we talk about the importance of our long established relationships with our various vendor partners. However, I’m not sure if we’ve mentioned Portrait software previously. Located in the U.K., they are a provider of customer interaction optimization software which is call-center related. We began a relationship with them in 1999 when we began using their software in Orkin’s national call center. During the second quarter this year, we expanded our relationship with Portrait to include all six of Orkin’s call centers. This implementation will be concluded later this year. We believe this upgrade in expansion will allow us to better identify and measure agent performance and service offerings across our entire call center network. Our goal is to facilitate high quality and personalized dialogues and provide exceptional customer experiences at every interaction throughout their country. During the quarter, we also announced the partnership with NSF International, an independent third party health care organization. We’re working together to assist new processing and warehouse facilities by helping them refine their pest control programs to excel in food safety audits via an internet site. This idea was born when our quality control people formed our food processing and food warehousing contacts to find out how they stayed ahead of food safety audits. Some of the responses we got backward that they relied on a calendar and in some cases, just their memory. We thought both of these were concerned. We saw an opportunity to develop for them a better way to manage their pest control responsibilities and surpass food safety audit requirements. And we’re doing that with a web tool that counts down the days until the users’ next food safety audit and since reminders and tips on the important dates via email. Well, these are just two examples of how we continue to invest proactively to improve our business and help to ensure our residential and our commercial customers receive the highest quality pest control service. The first six months of 2010 has been a busy and rewarding time for Rollins. We’re enthusiastic about the balance of the year and intent to stay focus on growing and improving our business. I’ll now turn the call over to Harry. He will provide you with the details of our financial results.
Harry J. Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, appreciate your all joining us on the call. The second quarter was one of solid growth positioning us well now halfway through the year. Today we reported revenue of $298.8 million representing 5% revenue growth. Net income increased 8.7% to $27.7 million or $0.28 per diluted share compared to $25.5 million or $0.26 per diluted share for the same period in 2009. Last quarter, we reported that the trends we have seen over the last six months as to the strong fundamentals to drive our revenues lead pricing and retention was a trend and not an aberration. I’m happy to report today that this trend is strong and continuing. Clearly, we have positive momentum. Let’s look deeper into the results. This quarter, as we enjoyed our strongest organic growth in some time with revenue growth of 5%. With foreign operations, primarily Canada, accounted for nearly 8% of our revenue. It’s important at times to look at the impact of foreign currency exchange. We continue to benefit from the stronger Canadian dollar though the impact has less meaning. If we look just at our domestic revenue, revenue was up 4.2% versus 3.1% last quarter. Let’s talk about our residential pest control service which represents almost 40% of our business where our momentum continues to build. A lot is written in the press release about weakening consumer confidence and demand. However, you couldn’t tell that looking at our business was really an element of surprise, which really isn’t surprising as we have stated and demonstrated for some time. Pest control is just not a consumer discretionary purchase. As Gary says, rats and roaches don’t read the Wall Street Journal. A greater quarter with strong fundamentals leads pricing retention. Retention is a great parameter into our customers’ frame of mind and our keeps improving. Residential pest control grew 4.7% in the quarter, its best quarter for organic growth going back as Gary said to the fourth quarter of 2006. As we’ve talked about on the call last quarter, we started with a great April. Then May flow but June came back strong. It all added up to a strong double-digit increase in leaves for the quarter and is continuing so far into this quarter. As much as we’d like to take credit for all of this, you have to give mother nature some credit as well. We aren’t asking for any breaks in the current high weather, though, but we do sympathize and support those bookings for some array. Nothing some like good heat with some rain mixed in. It really brings on those assets, the nation’s number one insect pest. We have continued to work in our price realization programs and are experiencing better pricing. Last year, Orkin’s residential price increase program which instituted in two phases, the primary increase in May and a second much smaller group of customers in July. In order to balance this year’s increased program, we delayed one month implementing the program in June. While it’s favorably impacted the quarter less than $1 million, it only impacted one month in the quarter unlike two months last year in the second quarter. Home Taylor (ph) rolled out their price increase in July as they have traditionally. The customers (ph) continues to improve as well with just over 10% fewer customers canceling this year. Commercial pest control, our fastest growing line business, this quarter continues to be a steady performer in a stagnant business environment. It represented over 40% of our revenues and for the quarter grew 5.4%. 3.3% in the U.S. giving its domestic leadership for time to residential. Sales saw a small decline in the quarter compared to the previous quarter. Our leaves were up somewhat. The commercial business typically comes from knocking on doors and we need to knock on more doors next quarter. We had similar improvement in commercial retention that we experienced in residential. As we did last year, the commercial price increase rolled out June 1 to those customers who do not have a price increase condition built into their contract with something less than half of our customers. We expect to see a greater gain this year which should offset the smaller gain we expect to see from the residential action. That net will be consistent with last year’s price increase program adding between one in a quarter and 1.5% to Rollins’ total revenue over the next six months. As for termite, it represents less than 20% of our annual revenue. We are pleased to say we continue to see revenue growth, 4.2%. In addition to termite protection, our termite sales and sales from ancillary services including moisture control and installation which contributed to the revenue growth. Home Team’s (ph) pre-treat business is also a contributor as there has been housing search begin to climb from a year ago. Gross margin for the quarter improved 10 basis points to 50.3% for the second quarter versus 50.2% in the prior year. Slight improvements in productivity, favorable insurance and claim cost as well as gains from the sales vehicles, more than offset an increase in the cost of fuel and personnel-related costs both helped in employment value. Given the amount of new business we put on, we were pleasantly surprised to still experience the decrease in the service wages as a percentage of revenue. Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter decreased slightly totaling $9 million. Depreciation was $4 million in amortization was at $5 million. Amortization of intangibles declined $400,000 from this quarter a year ago as customer’s contracts primarily from our October 1999 acquisition of TCL Canada are now fully amortized. We have almost $138 million of value assigned to customer contracts and other intangible asset on our balance sheet as of June 30th. Amortization of intangibles will continue to represent a significant non-cash charge to the P&L for some time. Based on our fully diluted shares outstanding, it’ll be a none-cash after tax charge of approximately $0.13 for this year before adding the impact of the upcoming acquisition of Waltham Pest Services. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter increased $5 million or 5.4% to 32.4% of revenues, increasing from 32.3% for the second quarter last year. Almost half of the dollar increase was due to sales, administrative staffing increases to handle the growth in the business while the increase as a percentage of revenue was driven by higher personnel-related cost both helped in employment taxes consulting in an acquisition-related cost and we can’t forget fuel. In fact, fuel’s impact on cost of services provided in SG&A in the quarter was $2 million, $3.8 million year-to-date. Provision for income taxes was 37.6% versus 38.6% a year ago. We continue to operate from a solid foundation. We have great confidence in our fundamental. The company is stable. The balance sheet is strong. We generate significant free cash flow which gives us the ability to take advantage of growth opportunities such as the one presented to us with the acquisition of Waltham Pest Services, New England’s oldest and finest pest control company. We will be closing on the transaction tomorrow effective August 1. Waltham, with its leading position in the marketplace, is profitable and generates good cash flow. I can’t tell you how accretive it may be until we complete the valuation of its customer contracts and other intangibles. What I can tell, it certainly will be accretive from EBITDA perspective. We will continue to look for outstanding pest control acquisition candidates to invest in. We have ample following capacity, willing banks and hope to be able to consummate the visual acquisitions before the year is out. For the year half over, we’re well-positioned for a great 2010 and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you for your time and interest. Let me also express our appreciation to all of the relevant associates whose hard work is behind our standing result as well as thank our customers and suppliers for their continued support. With that, I’d now turn the call back over to you, Gary.
Gary W. Rollins: Thank you, Harry. Well, we’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line Clint Fendley with Davenport. Please go ahead.
Clinton Fendley – Davenport: I’d like to talk, first about the termite segment. As the revenue growth that you guys have had there is far better than what we saw during, even the 2006, 2007 time period. I know you’ve never been a big participant in the home inspection market. Can you tell us maybe what’s happening to some of the smaller regional competitors that were big players in that market? Just trying to understand the acceleration here that we’ve seen in the growth in that segment.
Gary W. Rollins: Well, I think one of reasons is we’re growing and some aren’t is because of our investment and adding additional sales people where we have strong demand. I think we’re doing a better job analyzing where we need – the people engaged, we have worked on our sales training which, I think, has kind of fallen a little bit by the wayside in the past. So we really refreshed our training. We refreshed our training of sales managers and trainers so I think we’re doing a better job closing our leads, handling those leads by ensuring that we have the right staffing, where we have high demand. And we’re just focusing on the business better than we’ve had in the past.
Clinton Fendley – Davenport: If we were to see the housing market turn up at some point, I mean, have you learned anything from home team with regard to the pre-treat market? I mean, should we look at the segment differently if we were to begin to see strength within new home construction?
Gary W. Rollins: I think that we’ve concluded that Home Team needs to be our new home marketing organization. Orkins kind of years ago have been in the pre-treat business and really did not do it particularly well. It’s a very competitive feel and you really have to spend a lot of time cultivating relationships with builders. And Home Team just does that tremendously. I think one of the great things that Home Team have going for them right now is they’re able to sell some of the better builders that would not buy from them before the cross of the relationship that they had with Syntax (ph). So they’re pretty much encouraged. They feel like they see the housing starts improving. Now much of that is because they’ve got new customers coming on the line like total brothers and full team (ph) but one of the wonderful things of that Home Team is they really don’t spend a lot of time relaying some of the bad statistics that you read about home sales out there. They just try to find more creative ways to get additional sales.
Clinton Fendley – Davenport: Right. Thank you, that’s helpful and switching gears, Gary, I wondered if you could update us on the DCG study? I mean, any early conclusions from the work that they are doing?
Gary W. Rollins: Oh, the year we’ve retentioned (ph), we continue to work hard on that. I think that we’ve gathered some great statistics about what percentage of customers or new sales we start depending on how quickly we get there and there’s definitely correlation. You know, quite often, our branch is busy and it’s human nature sometimes as well. We don’t really need to do anything tomorrow. We can always do it on Friday but our statistics indicate that that’s just a terrible conclusion and we have done a better job educating our branch users to how important it is to get that account started quickly. Steve led its role frankly and I touched on him a little bit earlier. We took one of our very best people from the field, our operators and this is his area. And he is carefully monitoring how we are closing leads in our call center which is really the beginning of the yield process, how few times we hand off that lead. We also know that every time we had a lead off to another party, that our closure goes down and as I touched on a minute ago, we also know that when you don’t start to sell the same day, or when the customer wants you to, has requested it that you really lose a lot of potential sales. So I think it’s a lot of things that we’ve done in the past. We just kind of got a magnifying glass-typed focus on this particular part of our business and we’re seeing improvements.
Clinton Fendley – Davenport: Okay, great. And then the last question. This morning on NPR, there was a report on the bed bug epidemic in New York and I guess the city has gone as far as creating a bed bug dog focus on the problem. Are you seeing any notable pickup in bed bug calls?
Gary W. Rollins: Our bed bug business is picking up and we’re pretty pleased we have a kind of an inner company multi-brand task force that’s working on refining our bed bug protocols. I mean, I think we’ve been a little bit uncomfortable that we were doing this a lot of different ways and as I mentioned, before, I think we’ve gotten good about stealing shamelessly from ourselves so we’ve got our team together and we are refining our treating protocol. We are refining our pricing and our guarantees. I mean, this selling is continuing to pick up momentum, depressed loves. The subject I read earlier in New York, that they were contemplating legislation where landlords had to advise new tenants as to whether the property had had bed bug problems in the past which is a wonderful thing for our cost control operator. So we are – we’re very much aware that this really has high potential for us.
Gary W. Rollins: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Clement of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company: This was actually not going to be first question but since Clint brought it up, I’ll follow up with it directly. Obviously, I’m located in New York and you can actually – there are many charitable organizations, high profile, one of would have heard of, that now will not take matters because of this. And from some of the stuff that I read was that really the treatment protocols, thus far have really not been all that successful, like how or do you feel like there’s – first of all, (a) is that an accurate statement and (b), you alluded to this a little bit but do you feel you have the right remediation techniques?
Gary W. Rollins: Well, we think that we’re getting there so to speak. I use the analogy, there’s more than one way to Chattanooga. There’s not a single, at this point, there’s not a single best way to eliminate bed bugs. We think that one of the best ways is with heat. We have been using heat on the West Coast probably for 18 months now with good results. I have some drawbacks. One of the drawbacks is if you overdo it, you can get the elimination of the furniture and some things with the wallpaper and so forth. So it’s not a silver bullet. But we think that it really has a lot potential. You’re right about the mattress steel. I mean, if you’ve got a severe bed bug infestation in a hotel, we would strongly recommend that they change the mattress. It’s just because of eliminating one of the big sources of hard-to-reach (ph) we’re using and don’t laugh but we’re using dogs in Canada. Dogs in the Midwest, dogs in the Northeast – very effective, the same capabilities that they have of locating drugs on airline passengers, et cetera. They have the same ability when trained to locate bed bugs. One of the big challenges with bed bugs and I know this sounds a little bit far-fetched but the industry is even considering into some way that they can use DNA because you can go into a hotel and just do a wonderful job eliminating bed bugs. And within a month, they can have bed bugs again. And then, you got a customer that’s kind of unhappy that says, “Hey, why didn’t you kill all my bed bugs?” And you start debating of how did these new bed bugs or old bed bugs that didn’t die. It’s pretty complicated thing because they’re not going to stop their business. I mean, they’re not going to, when they have inquiries from foreign countries, they’re not going to restrict the company from checking in and quite often, that’s where the bed bugs come from to begin with. James Clement – Sidoti & Company: Sure. And I mean, it sounds to me like we might be actually on the brink of some municipality legislation on all of this stuff when people finally figure out what the story is. I don’t know, that’s my impression and obviously maybe I’ve in ground zero so to speak in the bed bug world.
Gary W. Rollins: I don’t think you’re far off because I have read in the paper about Abercrombie closing their store in New York and because of having a bed bug problem. So this is not a causal situation like carpet beetles or something.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company: Sure, sure. Can you just give us a little bit, Gary, you all – last year and towards the end of ‘08, you never made excuses on the residential side of the business? You never referenced the related recession. Obviously your residential growth numbers were not what they have been. Now they’re looking great. I know you spent a lot of time, a lot of effort, and a lot of money on refining your lead generation techniques, refine where your marketing dollar is spent, all that sort of thing, do you think that getting a little bit of a lift from the fact that we kind of maybe today isn’t as bad as it was a year ago or do you really think it’s more that a lot of those initiatives that started three, four, five years ago, the investment you made in the call, dependent on the sales or was it there all kind of coming together also or a little more?
Gary W. Rollins: Well, I hope this isn’t a conceited answer and I guess the most truthful answer is there’s no way to know precisely. But typically, when you spend a lot of energy and you invest a lot in a particular area and really work hard on it, you can move it and we think that we’ve had a lot to do in moving it with our marketing decisions. We’ve had a lot to do in moving it with our attention to our call centers. I mean, we used our moving closure percentages in our call center on these leads and then you start moving or reducing the cancellations after the sale is made. And I touched on starting the customer quickly. Those are all pressure points that add up and we think we’ve really worked on that. We think, Harry touched on it – don’t ever underestimate mother nature. And mother nature has really been good for us generally. And she does make a difference. I wouldn’t say the autonomy – my sense of all the things that I just mentioned, the economy would have the least to do with the success that we had.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company: And I think I’d agree with that. I don’t know what industry data you look at but in terms of, I mean, you mentioned mother nature but mother nature, should that spend (ph) the rest of your industry, too? And I haven’t seen a number of working at residential pest control and there are a bunch of different numbers out there. But I have not seen a growth number getting higher than a number that has a two in front of it, three in your industry and what was it this quarter, $4.7 for you guys?
Gary W. Rollins: Right.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company: So that’s impressive work.
Gary W. Rollins: There are some things that we can do that they can’t do and that’s the benefit of the scale that we have, certainly Terminex (ph) can do the things that we do because of their network but when you look at advertising leverage and call center management, many of these people don’t have a call center.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions).
Gary W. Rollins: Okay, well no more questions. In closing, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest. And as I mentioned, we’re looking forward to the balance of the year and we’ll continue to work hard to grow and improve our business during that time. So we look forward to joining you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Rollins Q2 2010 conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today’s conference, as a reminder, the phone numbers are 303-590-3000 or 1800-406-7325 followed by a passcode of 4329321. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marilyn Meek – Financial Relations Board Gary W. Rollins – Chief Executive Officer, President & Chief Operating Officer Harry J. Cynkus – Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 
Analysts:  Clinton Fendley – Davenport & Company Llc James Clement – Sidoti & Company  
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Rollins Inc. First Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, April 29 of 2009.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek of Financial Relations Board. Please go ahead ma’am.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3777. We will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call, which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1800-405-2236 with the pass code of 11130366. Additionally, the call is being webcast over www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line to your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary W. Rollins: Yes, thank you Marilyn. Good morning and thank all of you for joining us for our first quarter 2009 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Harry J. Cynkus: Thanks, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statements we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary W. Rollins:  Thank you, Harry. Like the other companies, we expected 2009 to be a challenging year and it is. However, as I stated in our earnings release this morning, we’re fortunate to have a large base of recurring revenue, great pest control brands, and a proven team of highly professional and dedicated employees. All of these contributed to increased revenues for our first quarter, and our 12 consecutive quarter of improved earnings results. Revenues for the quarter grew 15.7% or 0.6% excluding revenue from the HomeTeam and Crane acquisitions and the decline in the Canadian dollar. Looking in our business lines, and Harry will provide greater details on this. Commercial revenues grew 3.3% and termite 1.5%, while we experienced a decline of 2.5% in residential pest control. Sales were up for the quarter, but in the case of residential not enough to offset the decline in customer retention. As we’ve indicated previously while we are recession resistant, we’re not immune from a very poor economy. With the layoff of approximately 5 million people across the U.S. we have seen an expected effect on our residential pest business. A large portion of this retention debt is financially related. We’re providing a remedy for some of these customers with budget problems however, and that is to move them from every other month service to quarterly service. This gives them the ability to maintain their Orkin protection for less money. The HomeTeam had a chance to see the Orkin news release earlier this month summarizing an independent survey conducted by Global Strategies Group, involving approximately 1200 private households across United States.  The results indicate 87% of those polls about pest in the economy agreed. There is still no room for bugs in my home. And some 57% stated that pest control is not a do-it-yourself project, and they would turn to an expert for help. These obviously are all good conclusions supporting the importance in what we do, and its important even in economically troubling times. Customer satisfaction and retention are always at the forefront of our initiatives, and we are continually looking towards improvement. When we acquired HomeTeam Pest Defense, we were particularly impressed by their high customer retention rate, one of the best in our industry. And we knew, we could learn something from them in this regard.  One of the reasons for these good results was attributed to a four to six minute customer telephone survey, which internally they call customer satisfaction measurement. These surveys have been conducted twice a year since 2000. One of the purposes of the survey is to determine customer loyalty by asking customers if they would recommend HomeTeam service to a friend or colleague.  They believe that a favorable response to this question is the ultimate determination of the customer satisfaction. The survey also helps to determine areas of their service that customers are less satisfied with enabling a location to develop, and execute action plans to address the shortcomings. Branch bonuses are also based on the survey results. But the initiation of this program HomeTeam has seen both an improvement in retention and an increase in customer referrals. With this knowledge in hand, Glen Rollins, Orkin, President got together with his team to initiate a similar program for Orkin. We then engaged an independent company to begin conducting the surveys. The first phase of the project was recently completed in two regions, North Carolina and Illinois.  We are very pleased with the degree of feedback received. By HomeTeam, we identified an important factor leading to customer satisfaction, personal communication. Our customers appreciate note from the service ticket from their pest control specialists. Telling them what service was performed, they recommended actions the homeowner should take, and what the specialist plans do to on the next business. With this and other feedback we’ve been able to modify our training programs and take other proactive steps to improve customer satisfaction. We will be conducting surveys by September in all Orkin and Western Pest Services locations. These first surveys will be our benchmark, which will be later used to measure the effectiveness of our programs.  We’re confident that Orkin and Western will also realize improved customer retention, as well as new referrals once the program is fully implemented. We expect these surveys to be an ongoing process. In March, we reintroduced a very successful keeping pest in the place advertised that we launched last year. The campaign will run through August on cable television networks that include T&T, USA, HGPV and the Food Network. And we’ll involve earth other media. I understand that this campaign’s popularity and reach is going beyond TV having had more than 100,000 views on youtube.  The Internet also continues to be an important aspect in reaching potential customers. In fact the growth experience from our Internet marketing out reach over the past few years has contributed to our leading to double the space international call center to 40,000 square feet. Before you know, it will be mosquito season, did I hear some urghs out there. For last year, we enjoyed a 42% increase in this service, and expect to continue to grow to a greater customer penetration and repeat purchases.  This month we also kicked off our second year on our nothing but nets program, where our goal is to raise a $150,000 for the purchase of mosquito nets to protect people from the threat of malaria in Africa. As many of you are aware, we invest extensively in training for our employees to help ensure that the services we provide are at the highest quality. We are pleased to see periodically that it’s paying off. Effective Pest Management is critical to food safety and we are pleased to have received a Reader's Choice Award from food processing magazine, a leading trade publication within the Food & Beverage Industry. Orkin has also received a Reader’s Choice Award from today’s Facility Manager Magazine, a leading trade publication for Senior Facility Management Executives, also these awards attest the superior pest knowledge and service provided by our commercial technicians. This is gratifying to receive this confirmation and recognition by commercial decision makers and their respect of industries as to the quality of the services we provide. We also continue to make investments, to educate consumers on the importance of pest control. And to make it easier for them to contact us to meet their needs, I think we can all agree that we become a nation from children to grandparents that are addicted to our mobile communication devices. In many cases they seem to have become an append each. On April 20, this month we launched Orkin Pest 411. And consumers can now reach Orkin with a touch of a bud. By signing on to our user-friendly mobile web application individuals can learn about the threat pests can pose to health and home with the ability to contact a Orkin Pest specialist anytime to discuss our treatment options. Orkin is the first national pest control company to offer this interactive resource to consumers. In addition to the mobile site, Orkin Pest 411 is also available through a unique website at 411orkin.com. I hope you will agree that in business today need and opportunities to change are ever present. As a company, Rollins and its terrific pest control companies are committed to embrace change for the benefit of our customers, employees, and shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Harry. Harry?
Harry J. Cynkus :  Thank you Gary. Let me just add to what Gary was saying about the new Orkin Pest 411 pest site. I have it on my phone, and it’s a great way to be able to identify exactly what type of pests you may be looking at and you can call 888-orkinman right from the site. I invite you to give it a try http://411.orkin.com/ in your mobile browser or on the web.  Anyway, I think it’s fair to say we got off to a good start this year, and you and our investors are probably more interested in the numbers right now. So let’s get to that. Revenues for the quarter improved 15.7%, revenues totaled $243 million compared to $210 million for the first quarter last year. Net income for the quarter is $15.8 million compared to $13.8 million last year, a 14.2% improvement. While diluted earnings per share this quarter is $0.16 a 14.3% improvement over the 14% recorded last year in the first quarter.  Another important measure, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, EBITDA, was $35.6 million, increasing 24.3% over the first quarter last year. EBITDA grew faster than net income due to $2 million and additional intangibles amortization related to the HomeTeam and Crane acquisitions. For these two operations, this non-cash charge amounted to 8.2% of their revenue. While I wise we could continued to report 15% revenue gains for the balance of the year, unfortunately we have now lapped the anniversary of the acquisition of HomeTeam Pest Defense and beginning in quarter two, will not get the revenue left from them. As we have for the last three quarters, let me break out their revenue contribution so you can gain a better view of how the balance of the business is doing.  HomeTeam contributed revenue of $31.1 million for the quarter, excluding the impact of HomeTeam and for that matter the $2.7 million revenue attributed by the Crane acquisition that closed on 12/31, revenues decreased four-tenths of a percent in the quarter. However, we were again impacted and will be through the third quarter as a nearly 21% drop in the Canadian dollar this quarter over the same quarter a year ago, which negatively impacted our total revenue growth.  Looking just at our U.S. domestic revenue, excluding the impact of HomeTeam and Crane acquisition [which earned] in last years results in our Canadian operations, for the quarter total revenue grew six-tenths of 1% versus 1.6% last quarter on the same basis. Let me repeat that, for the quarter our U.S. domestic total revenue grew six-tenths of a percent versus 1.6% last quarter on the same basis.  Growth continues to slow, but not off the chart like so many other businesses today. Breaking down the business further, starting with commercial pest control, which continues to be the largest and fastest growing part of our business. Commercial pest control totaled 41% of revenue in the first quarter, substantially all of the pest control business we serviced in Canada is commercial.  To draw a better picture of the health of our commercial business we need to separate the impact of Canada and just look at our domestic commercial business, which grew 3.3% on a comparable basis. Respectable, but slowing from last quarter’s 5.7% growth.  Our Canadian operation which represents approximately 7% of our revenue on a constant dollar basis performed very well this quarter and in fact Orkin Canada grew organically over 8%, but in converting into U.S. dollars, its contribution to our consolidated revenue was an unfavorable 11.6% decrease, which dampens our overall revenue growth. The decline of revenue growth reflects net slowing national accounts which we’re running up against last year’s record first quarter when two major customers were started. We are more positive about national account sales improvement in the second quarter. We also saw a decrease in our commercial retention, in fact Orkin’s commercial customer cancelations increased $154, 000 in the quarter. We are sharing in the pain of our customers as a result of store closings and business barriers. Our residential pest control service now represents about 39% of the business and with HomeTeam, residential pest control grew almost 29% in the quarter compared to the prior year. Excluding HomeTeam’s contribution, residential revenues declined 2.5%. Orkin’s lead soles were down slightly 4% during the quarter and cancellations increased to $145, 000. Unfortunately some of the 5 million people laid off in that last 12 months were our customers. While April is off to a slow start, now that’s spring and good weather is here. We hope to be able to reverse the recent trend and start to grow this line of business through new customer additions, price increases and tight discipline. Lastly, let’s talk about our termite service revenue, which now represents around 19% of our business, and grew 23.3% as a result of the acquisition of HomeTeam. Excluding HomeTeam’s contribution, our previously existing termite business increased in the quarter 1.5%, reversing the last two quarter’s negative growth trends. The internal organic growth is certainly a bright spot.  Termite treatments are a much larger dollar purchase and given the consumer sentiment, this portion of our business has performed well. We enjoyed a nice increase in leave and with proper sales staffing, we benefitted. Gross margin for the quarter improved 70 basis points to 48.4% in the quarter versus 47.7% in the prior year. Margins excluding the impact of HomeTeam improved a 170 basis points due to a nearly $2 million reduction in fleet cost due to lower cost of fuel as well as greater service technician productivity.  Depreciation and amortization expense for the quarter totaled $9.4 million with amortization of intangibles of $5.4 million and depreciation of $4 million. Amortization increased $2 million in the quarter, a 60% increase due to the almost $97 million assigned to customer contracts and other intangible assets as part of the HomeTeam and Crane acquisitions. The amortization of intangibles represents the significant non-cash charge to the P&L. Under GAAP, we write-off the value assigned to customer contracts acquired in acquisitions over their economic life. 2008, total amortization of intangible expense was $19.2 million and will increase to $22 million in 2009. Based upon our fully diluted shares outstanding, it will be a non-cash after-tax charge of $0.14 per share. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter increased $10.5 million or 14.7% to 33.7% of revenues, decreasing from 34% for the first quarter last year. $9.1 million of the dollar increase is due to the addition of HomeTeam and Crane. SG&A excluding the impact of HomeTeam as a percent of revenues increased 80 basis points due to increases in cost of risk as well as stock-based compensation and sale salaries all partially offset by decreases in fleet cost and $1 million of non-recurring expenses related to the HomeTeam acquisition last year. Rollins continues to be financially solid. As a result of our increase in net income and depreciation and amortization, net cash provided by operating activities totaled $20.6 million in the first quarter of this year increasing 33% over last year’s Q1. This continuing strength of the company has allowed us to reinvest money in our business by acquiring outstanding pest control companies. Last year we made two significant acquisitions, HomeTeam and Crane Pest Control both contributed to this quarter’s success and are performing ahead of expectations. We also returned money to our shareholders this quarter by repurchasing 603,000 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of $15.19 per share. We have approximately $4 million additional shares that can be purchased under previously approved program by the Board of Directors. As announced in December, we are pleased that for the seventh consecutive year, that we have increased our dividend by 12% or more currently with an annual pay out of $0.28 per share. This seems particularly impressive given Standard & Poor’s announcement early this month that Rollins was one of our record low 283 companies that announced increased dividend pay outs during the first quarter of 2009. A 52.7% drop from the 598 companies that reported dividend increases during the first quarter of 2008, a testament to the relative financial strength of Rollins Inc. Spring is here, and we remain cautiously optimistic. We’ve seen some slowdown in the residential pest control demand while our business model, which has held up well in prior recessions continues to produce good results. Our past year acquisitions are performing well and increasing their contributions to our success. We continue to keep a close eye on our operating expenses and are enjoying the relief from last year’s high fuel charges and hopefully released a little well and more. Lastly, keeping pest in their place is our only business. If we can help you, keep us in mind 1800-800-Orkin. I’ll turn the call now back over to you Gary.
Gary W. Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We’re now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Question-and-Answer Section: 
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Clinton Fendley with Davenport. Please go ahead. 
Clinton Fendley – Davenport & Company Llc: Good morning Gary and Harry, a nice quarter.
Harry J. Cynkus: Thank you.
Gary W. Rollins: Thank you.
Clinton Fendley – Davenport & Company Llc: Gary, I wondered, a typical Q2 is the time that you guys evaluate your pricing and any potential increases. I wondered if you could update us on your expectations for this year in light of the challenging market environment?
Gary W. Rollins: Well, we have been doing testing as far as our annual residential price increase, and commercial price increases and we’ve confirmed that we have opportunities in that regard. We are very pleased with the results of our testing. But felt like we really needed to do that, as you mentioned in light of the economic situation. And we will be initiating those this coming month. And we are looking forward to the successful effort, I can’t really get into more details, for obvious reasons about exactly what our strategies are, but we were pleased with the results of our test. 
Clinton Fendley – Davenport & Company Llc: Okay, thank you. And any update on just the competitive environment out there, and what you are seeing from both some of the smaller as well as larger competitors in the market? 
Gary W. Rollins: Well I think it, the smaller competitors are certainly suffering, they don’t have the quite, they don’t have the diversification that we have the different markets that we are in. But, the industry information just indicates that the industry is scrambling. I think the fact that when gas went up, as high as it did, it was really dramatic to the competitors. And we’re very hopeful that we will see an increase of people that are interested in selling their business, we’ve seen some uptick, but to-date we don’t have anything to show for it. I think that, people accounted in a catch 22 their expenses are not going down, they really know if they start discounting, and I guess that’s the natural tendency, when you are not getting that many phone calls to cut your prices, but, they don’t have any other expenses with the exception of gasoline that’s gone down. So, they really are on the horns of a dilemma.
Clinton Fendley – Davenport & Company Llc:  Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you guys. 
Operator: Thank you (Operator Instructions). And our next question is from the line of James Clement with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company : Gray, Harry. Good morning.
Gary W. Rollins: Good morning.
Harry J. Cynkus : Good morning.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company :
 :
Gary W. Rollins: Well, we will have a slight increase as far as the dollars that we are expecting to spend. I mean, we certainly plan for that, but as you mentioned, we are seeing for the first time some fairly attractive rate decreases, I mean, we don’t, we are not compelled to spend every dollar that we budgeted. But we are enjoying to see some benefits for the fact that the major advertisers are really feeling the same pain that a lot of businesses are seeing. We continue to work very closely on our Internet presence. But, I guess to kind of sum it up we’re just enjoying the fact that, that people that we’ve been calling on for years and purchasing advertising, are willing to come off of their rate card.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company: Sure, sure now that’s consistent with what we have heard. With respect to the termite business, I think over the last year or so from what I understand the profitability results have trended very well, on top line performance, nothing related to right home about one way or the other, but this quarter looked pretty good. Can you talk a little about what you’ve done with that business and kind of what the goals are in, whether you maybe have turned the corner here?
Gary W. Rollins: Well, we are very encouraged with the results we have selectively added sales managers in our larger commercial branches, which always makes the difference. We have improved and expanded our sales training. Jamie, you followed us for along time and, we kind of fought the termite wars back in the 90s and cautiously we’ve really kind of unintentionally, we emphasize that part of our business, but I think, we’re always a leader as far as termite sales were concerned prior to that situation and we’ve just got back into the termite sales business. And I think that our managers some of which are young enough that they did not experience the benefits to the profit and loss statements when they had a good termite month. Really you are seeing the benefits that the termite really contributes to the bottom line because you get that infusion of profitability immediately as opposed to pest control or you really have to wait several months before you see a favorable impact on the bottom line.
Harry J. Cynkus: And Gary my understanding is that the science behind termite treatment is better than now than it was in the 1990s. Would you agree with that?
Gary W. Rollins:   All the materials are better, and that’s kind of hitting the nutshell. We went through a period of timing the entire industry did. The only products that were available for so many years were just partially affected that when [boarding] was withdrawn from the market, they weren’t anything really suitable as from an effectiveness position and certainly we did know all that, but the reality is that there is very good products out there now and we got a lot smarter as a result of sometimes diversity can be a good thing. And I think it just caused us to redouble our training efforts and really become more expert as far as controlling termites.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company: Okay. Thank you. My last question is are you able to share anything about some of the Middle Eastern franchises that were opened up last year or any of them up in running and any updates can be given there?
Gary W. Rollins: We are very pleased with the progress that we are making over there, in fact we are, for the first time really, infusing some of those franchises with Orkin, people on the ground so to speak, our business does increase, our ability to I guess to have [closures] involvement as far as the franchises are concerned, that has improved, but we also, we got that $25 million contractor, our franchise did in Saudi Arabia...
Harry J. Cynkus: As you know there are member of U.K. they are doing well.
Gary W. Rollins: Yeah UAE and is doing well and we just had our VP of franchising go over there and he was very pleased with what was taking places as far as the franchisees ability to execute on that contract.
James Clement – Sidoti & Company:  Okay, thank you all very much for your time. 
Gary W. Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: 
. :
Gary W. Rollins:  Okay, well I hope that silence indicates that you all are pleased with our results. We certainly are pleased. We appreciate you joining us today. As Harry indicated we remain cautiously optimistic concerning the balance of the year. We are working hard to grow our business organically and through our acquisitions and we will always have our eye on the bottom line.  We look forward to speaking with you all again in next quarter. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Rollins Inc. first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference please dial 303-590-3000 or 1800-405-2236 and enter the access code 111-303-66 followed by the pound sign. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marilyn Meek – Financial Relations Board Gary Rollins – CEO, President and COO Harry Cynkus – CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Jamie Famalette – Sidoti & Company Clint Fendley – Davenport & Company Garo Naruein [ph] – Blackrock Patrick Stowe – Priority Capital Tom Quinn [ph] – Deutsche Bank Andrew Mahoney [ph] – Green Arrow [ph]
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Rollins Inc. fourth quarter 2008 conference call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, January 28th, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Marilyn Meek with the Financial Relations Board. Please go ahead ma’am.
Marilyn Meek: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3777. We will send you a release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1800-405-2236 with the pass code of 11124781. Additionally, the call is being web cast over www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the line to your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins: Yes, thank you Marilyn. Good morning and thank all of you for joining our fourth quarter and year end 2008 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Harry Cynkus: Thanks, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, Harry. In what has been a most turbulent year business wise I am gratified to report that we achieved an increase in revenues and profitability for both our fourth quarter and the full-year. In fact we reached a milestone in our company's history having recorded a little over $1 billion in revenues for 2008. We also reported our eleventh consecutive quarter of improved earnings results. Revenues for the quarter grew 14.9% and less than 1% excluding HomeTeam's contribution. I will expand on that in a few minutes. For the full-year revenues increased 14%. Excluding HomeTeam's revenues for the year it – we increased 3%. While we normally do not address our Canadian operations in detail I believe it is important to discuss it this quarter. We continue to enjoy steady organic growth in Orkin and PCO Services. However, the volatility of the exchange rate this last quarter clouds the picture of our consolidated revenue. Specifically PCO Services enjoyed over 5% real growth this quarter. However, as a result of nearly 20% decline in the Canadian dollar in the fourth quarter our reported Canadian revenues declined 14.1%. This lowered Rollins’ overall revenue growth. Looking at total revenue excluding HomeTeam and our Canadian currency hit, we experienced 1.6% growth. Our residential pest control service offering including HomeTeam grew almost 29% for the quarter while termite increased 19.5%. Excluding HomeTeam both of these service lines declined slightly growth wise compared to last quarter. Harry will provide more detail shortly. (inaudible) new sales slowed in October and November across all business lines. Compared to the same period a year ago we saw an increase in sales in December in all categories though not enough to make up for the previous two months. Clearly an indication that unlike retail our other business dependent on consumer spending, our business does not appear to be changing dramatically at this point. For another validation of how our business is holding up we also look back and compared fourth quarter sales with sales in the fourth quarter of ’06, which was a strong year as well. What we found was sales this year were up in all categories from the fourth quarter of ‘06. Looking forward while January is not a big month for new sales, we're seeing thus far sales increases. In areas of the country that are reasonably warm residential pest control sales were up. In areas experiencing extreme cold and snow have sales decreases. But for the near term we see no significant falloff in our business. As I have said in the past our business historically has been influenced more by weather than by other factors. We also took a look back in how well we did during the last significant recession. During 1981 to 1983 and found the Orkin’s business grew at a rate around 5%. The past doesn't guarantee the future and a lot has occurred since 1983. But this information does appear to validate why we feel Rollins is recession resistant. For the quarter our net income improved 5.2% and we had an EBITDA increase of 28.4. The gap between the two increased amounts is our HomeTeam acquisition amortization. For the year net income increased 6.5% and we had a 13.5 increase in EBITDA. Results that we are proud of having this economically challenging period. Taking a closer look at our results for the quarter and full year a major contributor to our growth was HomeTeam, which you will recall was acquired in April this year. They have exceeded our expectations in both revenue growth and improved margins. HomeTeam is also has one of the highest customer retention rates in the industry attributed to their very highly customer satisfaction rates. For those of you that might be new to our story or were not on our third-quarter conference call and may be concerned about HomeTeam's exposure to the home building sector, I would like to take a moment to read (inaudible) HomeTeam’s revenue makeup. Their base consists of two sources. One, new construction or builder's new home installation revenue which makes up less than 10% of their total revenue and the remaining 90% representing recurring revenue from servicing their residential customers. This service consists of conventional pest control and termite treatments just like Orkin does, along with tubes in the wall recurring residential pest defense service. The smaller piece of their business builder revenue is an important piece, however, as it as a source of potential tubes in the wall customers. In total, we expect builder revenue to be flat next year. We do have some upside for new national builders that hadn't been a customer due to (inaudible) former ownership. It doesn't appear that last year's level of builder sales will make up for the normal attrition of customers and as a result HomeTeam's revenue will be off but only 2% to 3% in ’09. Additionally HomeTeam is pursuing small acquisitions to add route density and improve margins. The strategic value of this acquisition is best exhibited by the position they hold in their markets. At a time when home construction has declined HomeTeam achieved an all-time record in this year of 20% market share in the almost 40 markets in which they operate. Or to put it another way 20% of all new homes constructed in these markets have tubes in the wall pest defense system, waiting to be serviced regularly by HomeTeam and only HomeTeam. We are very pleased with the results of this operation and this acquisition. Other previous acquisitions such as PCO Services, Western Pest Services, Industrial Fumigant, and our most recent acquisition Crane Pest Control all represent successes of our strategic plan to grow our commercial business. As we stated in the past this service line has higher customer retention, high your average prices, and enjoys higher technician productivity. Our commercial customers and prospects have strict Federal, State and local regulations with which they must comply and they look to us in helping to ensure they meet these requirements. Pest control is essential to commercial business and we are North America's largest provider. The current economic environment appears to be providing a pick up in acquisition prospects. And our strong free cash flow gives us the opportunity to purchase leading companies such as Crane Pest Control, which was announced earlier this month. Crane is a leading provider of advanced pest management and primarily commercial serving Northern California in the Reno/Tahoe Basin. Glen Rollins had been in conversations with this company's owner for a number of years and we are very happy that Harold Stein and his team decided to join Rollins. Harold is a well recognized industry leader, a highly respected individual and a former past president of the National Pest Management Association. During the quarter, we also made to smaller acquisitions that service both residential and commercial customers. Internationally, we announced that Orkin established a franchise in the State of Kuwait. This latest franchise expands Orkin’s presence in the Middle East to 5 franchises and now we have a total of 11 international franchises worldwide. One of the key factors in our company's success is the extensive training that we provide to our employees to ensure they achieve their goals and we continue to provide our residential and commercial customers with the safest and most effective pest control and termite services available. Our commitment to this effort resulted in Rollin’s being named by Training magazine for the seventh year in a row as one of the top 125 companies that excel in human capital development. We have always been conscious of controlling our cost. However, we know now more than ever that it is important to keep an even closer eye on our expense structure in what will likely be a slow growth situation. We have taken steps to reduce our operating cost and this effort has taken place in both our home office and field operations. One area that has the ability to contribute positively this year is reduced fuel expenses compared to 2008. The run-up in fuel costs earlier in the year forced us to be better managers of this expense. So we should doubly benefit with the current cost of gasoline. We look to reduce costs further as we identify new opportunities and conditions dictate. At the same time, we will continue to work hard as a team to ensure that we provide the best in class pest service while taking this opportunity to build market share. We think that we have excellent potential in both of these areas. While we do not minimize the current economic crisis and no doubt 2009 will be a challenging year for Rollins, however, we're guardedly optimistic and look for improved results on the top and bottom lines. I will now turn the call over to Harry who will discuss our financials in greater detail.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you Gary. We continue to receive enquiries asking is your business really recession resistant. As you can see from our earnings release earlier this morning we are producing results that are counter to the vast member of public companies reporting. While revenue growth has slowed, earnings remain strong and for the year we produced the highest revenue and profits in the company's history while generating strong cash flows, probably the best indicator of the business’ health. Someone told me this quarter that zero growth in sales and earnings is equivalent to an old plus 20. Well, we did better than zero but it sure doesn't feel like any plus 20. As Gary said our December was a killer for most businesses was the best month improvement wise in our quarter. We just wish it was a bigger month. Let us review the quarter’s details. Revenue for the first quarter grew 14.9%; revenues totaled $248 million compared to $216 million for the fourth quarter last year. Net income for the quarter is $12.6 million as compared to $11.9 million last year, a 5.2% improvement. While diluted earnings per share this quarter is $0.13, an 8.3% improvement over the $0.12 reported last year in the fourth quarter. Another important measure, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, EBITDA, was $30.9 million increasing 28.4% over the fourth quarter last year. EBITDA grew faster than net income due to $1.9 million of amortization of intangibles relating to this year’s HomeTeam acquisition. I think as EBITDA improvement as a result of acquisition amortization, a little different than capital intensive companies with high depreciation constantly having to reinvest their cash for plant and equipment. HomeTeam Pest Defense contributed revenues of $31.7 million for the quarter and $98.9 million year-to-date. Excluding the impact of HomeTeam revenue increased two-tenths of one percent in the quarter and 3% year-to-date. As Gary has already mentioned the nearly 20% drop in the Canadian dollar in the fourth-quarter negatively impacted our total revenue growth. Looking just at our US domestic revenue, excluding both the impact of HomeTeam, which wasn't in last year's results and our Canadian operations which represent approximately 7% of our revenues, for the quarter total revenue was 1.6% growth versus 1.9% last quarter on the same basis. Growth is slowing but not precipitously like so many other businesses today. Let us talk about the business lines starting with the fastest growing part of our business this year; commercial pest control represented 40% of our business this year. Substantially all of the pest control business we serviced in Canada is commercial. This quarter on a constant dollar basis work in Canada grew over 5% but in converting it to US dollars its contribution to our consolidated results was an unfavorable 14.1% decrease and as a result dampened our overall commercial revenue growth to an 1.8% increase. To draw a clear picture of the health of our commercial business we need to separate the impact of Canada and just look at our domestic and commercial business over the last four quarters working backwards, 5.7% growth this quarter, 5.7% last quarter, 7.2% in Q2, and 6.4% in Q1. For the full year in 2008 our US commercial revenue grew 6.6% versus US growth in 2007 of 5.5%. Commercial customer retention declined slightly in the quarter, less than two tenths of a percent in our monthly cancellations and put us basically unchanged for the full year, equal to last year's record best retention rate. Further testimony to the best in class service we are providing to our customers. I would like to add that we have yet to lose any significant number of commercial accounts as a result of the economy. Due to the regulatory consequences of a business having pest problems it doesn't make much sense to cancel or switch providers if we're doing a good job. Our residential pest control service now represents around 41% of the business and for the first time in a long time declined slightly less than 1% excluding HomeTeam's contribution, slowing a little over 1% from last quarter’s growth and brings the year-to-date growth to less than 1%. With HomeTeam residential pest control grew almost 29% in the fourth quarter compared to the prior quarter, prior year quarter. Orkin saw an 8% decrease in lease during the quarter. Historically, we see some weakening in residential demand during downturns but the quarter was impacted by bad weather as well and quite frankly it is impossible to determine the impact of the economy versus the weather. Retention declined slightly in the quarter less than two-tenths of a percent in our monthly cancellations. Lastly, let us talk about our termite service revenues, which now represent around 18% of our business and grew 19.5% as a result of the acquisition of HomeTeam. However, excluding HomeTeam's contribution our previously existing business declined in the quarter less than 2% similar to last quarter. Termite work has a much larger dollar purchase. Given the consumer sentiment this portion of our business has held up surprisingly well all things considered. Cancellation rate was basically flat in the quarter and it actually improved ever so slightly for the full year. We have new sales and service programs identified that we think can reverse this industry-wide malaise. Gross margins for the quarter improved 70 basis points to 46.4% for the fourth quarter versus 45.7% in the prior year. Excluding the impact of HomeTeam’s higher cost of services margins improved to 130 basis points due primarily to 92 basis improvement in cost of risk. We closed out the year at Orkin with a 40% plus reduction in paid termite claims. We did get some relief from fleet costs this year in that – this quarter in that they were flat the prior year for the first time all year. Deprecation and amortization expense for the fourth quarter totaled $9.1 million with amortization of intangibles at $5.2 million and depreciation of $3.9 million. Amortization increased $1.9 million in the quarter, an increase of 58% due to the almost $90 million assigned to customer contracts and other intangible assets as part of the HomeTeam acquisition. I point this out each quarter as investors new to Rollins sometimes overlook it. The amortization of intangibles represents a significant non-cash charge to the P&L. Under GAAP we write-off the fair value of signing the customer contracts acquired in acquisitions over their economic life. In 2008, total amortization of intangible expense was $19.2 million and will increase to nearly $22 million in 2009 reflecting a full year of HomeTeam's results and other acquisitions made late in ’09 – ‘08. Based upon our fully diluted share outstanding it was a non-cash after tax charge of $0.12 this year and $0.14 to GAAP EPS in 2009. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2008, increased $9.5 million or 12.7% to 33.9% of revenues from 34.6% last year. $8.4 million of the dollar increase was due to the addition of HomeTeam. Sales, general and administrative expenses excluding the impact of HomeTeam as a percent of revenues increased 40 basis point due to sales salary investments, accrued severance costs related to home office reductions and increase in bad debt expense. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in costs related to reduced summer sales programs. Gary has already mentioned the continuing contribution of HomeTeam and I wish to echo how they have exceeded our expectations particularly in improving their margins. Even with the large write-off of intangibles, the acquisition expenses and interest expense on the debt to fund the purchase HomeTeam was accretive on a GAAP basis in its first year. They have moved aggressively to adopt our risk management and other cost-saving programs substantially reducing their historical insurance and other costs and hence improving margins. Rollins continues to be financially solid. We generated $75.9 million in free cash flow, cash provided from operations less CapEx, this year representing 7.4% of revenue. Rather than using our strong cash flow to recapitalize the banking system this quarter we were able to reinvest some funds towards our number one priority, acquisitions. By acquiring the leading commercial pest control service company servicing Northern California in the Reno/Tahoe Basin, Crane Pest Control. Crane is a very profitable operation and will contribute nearly $11 million in annual revenue in 2009. We also returned money to our shareholders this quarter by repurchasing 835,300 shares of common stock at an average weighted price of $15.57 per share bringing the total share repurchases for 2008 to nearly 1.4 million shares. Over the last 40 years the company has brought back 7.7 million shares adjusted for stock splits. We have approximately 4.6 million additional shares that can be purchased under a previously approved program by the Board Of Directors. We recognize that with short-term treasuries currently yield near 0% and the economic growth likely to remain subpar dividend coverage and safety is even more important to investors. Our board feels confident of our continuing and consistent strong cash free cash flow and as a result the Board Of Directors approved a 12% increase in the company's quarterly dividend yesterday. The increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.07 per share will be payable March 10th to stockholders of record at the close of business February 10, 2009. On an annual basis the dividend payout increases from $0.25 per share to $0.28 per share. This marks the seventh consecutive year the board has increased the company's dividend 12% or greater. As we enter 2009, we are cautiously optimistic. Our business model has held up well in prior recessions and has appeared to have weathered most of this year's economic storm. We look forward to the increasing contributions from our acquisitions. We will keep a close eye on our operating expenses and enjoy the relief from last year's high fuel charges for at least a little while. As always looked forward to spring when the warm weather returns and as pest control demand and we can get a clearer picture of what the year holds for us. Keeping pests in their place is our only business. If we can help you keep us in mind 1-1800-800-ORKIN. I will now turn the call back over to Gary.
Gary Rollins: Thank you Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator:
 :
Jamie Famalette – Sidoti & Company: Gary, Harry. Good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning.
Jamie Famalette – Sidoti & Company: Harry, I'm not sure I saw this in the release and I don't recall you mentioning it in your prepared remarks what was CapEx all in for 2008, do you have an approximate number?
Harry Cynkus: Including CapEx from acquisitions it was right around $15 million.
Jamie Famalette – Sidoti & Company: And is – pardon me, a rough guess for what 2009 might look like?
Harry Cynkus: I would give you a range right now $14 million to $18 million.
Jamie Famalette – Sidoti & Company: Okay, so it is similar, all right.
Harry Cynkus: Similar.
Jamie Famalette – Sidoti & Company: Thank you and Gary, you spent a little bit of time talking about the franchise programs earlier in your prepared remarks, can you talk a little bit about the differentiation between your strategy within North America versus outside of North America and obviously you mentioned Kuwait, I was just curious for your thoughts.
Gary Rollins: Well it is quite a different. In the United States or North America we only will select proven pest control operators as franchisees. Most (inaudible) these are working alone now. We have always you know, before the franchise program lost 6 or 7 managers because they just wanted to go into business for themselves and pursue their entrepreneurial spirit. And so we have a pretty good stream of franchisees and as a result they are familiar with Orkin, they keep their uniform; they keep their vehicles on their own vehicles et cetera. So it is a very smooth transition and we also have a kind of a guaranteed buyback situation at different milestone dates, 7 years, 10 years, something in that nature.  They are required to sell their business to us at a predetermined price and this really works well for both sides because quite often these people are, you know, by the time they get into the program are in their 50s or early 60s and they are really looking for an exit to the business as well and they've got a guaranteed purchaser. This represents, I guess, about 32 – they do about $32 million you know, we had a couple each year. They pay us the 6% royalty and subsidize some other things like advertising and training. The domestic, I mean the international dealers is quite different in that we are looking for successful business people in these foreign locations typically people that are in service related industries, janitorial or cleaning business, route delivery type businesses.  Recently, one I think the Turkey franchisee was in the snack food delivery business. People that kind of understand getting a service person to the right place at the right time and of course, we take our money. We are not copartners. On the start ups, you know, they are given fixed amounts that they have to pay us and then after they mature they get more on a percentage basis.
Jamie Famalette – Sidoti & Company: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate that and I will get back in the queue, thanks.
Gary Rollins: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport & Company. Please go ahead.
Clint Fendley – Davenport & Company: Thank you. Good morning Gary and Harry.
Gary Rollins: Good morning Clint.
Clint Fendley – Davenport & Company: The first question, the pension accrual on the balance sheet any thoughts Harry as to the timing and amount of any potential cash contribution to your?
Harry Cynkus: We have been contributing $5 million a year for each of the last several years. We are working with our actuary now to determine clearly what the requirements will be in ’09 that we went from an actuary overfunded status to about 86% funded status and you know, we need to make some long-term decisions in terms of sourcing that gap, the government's laws have changed in terms of requirements. We do still have some credits available. So I can say the contribution won’t be less than $5 million that is clear. Whether we will need to increase it to $10 million hasn't been determined. It will take probably at least 5 and I don't know how much more but it shouldn’t be dramatic in terms of a demand in our free cash flow.
Clint Fendley – Davenport & Company: Okay, great thank you. That is helpful and then I may have missed it but the DSOs for the quarter, were there any noticeable changes there?
Harry Cynkus: No, you know the – I don't have it right handy but it is less than I think we are actually at decreases in some of the operations but in the largest of operations, Orkin, it was up less than a day.
Clint Fendley – Davenport & Company: Okay great and the final question, any idea as to the EPS benefit that we might have for 2009 if the fuel prices stayed at this level for the entire year?
Harry Cynkus: It stays at this level, let us say, that is going out on the limb, as volatile as it has been but it is – in terms of EPS if the – I can give you a range because I wish I could tell you what fuel is going to do but anywhere from $0.03 to $0.07 impact. It is – I just don't feel comfortable projecting fuel prices. Lot of people lost lot of money last year.
Clint Fendley – Davenport & Company: Understood. Thank you and good job in a very difficult climate here. Thanks guys.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions)
Gary Rollins: Harry, I hope this is a good sign.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of (inaudible) pardon me, I am sorry, Garo Naruein [ph] with Blackrock. Please go ahead.
Garo Naruein – Blackrock: Hi, I just wanted to ask a little bit more about this acquisitions environment and it sounds like there is certainly an increase on the conversations perhaps going on and I want to get sense of as far as prices paid, how does that compare today versus maybe 12 months ago over a longer period of history?
Gary Rollins: Well, you know, the fuel cost earlier climbed early in the year startled a lot of operators and had them come and take a harder look about whether they need to this was the time to sell or not. We saw a kind of an uptick at that point and of course from an economic point of view there is nothing and really has taken place it has been favorable. So I think there is definitely a lot more people, we are getting more enquiries. I think we have proven ourselves to be the acquirer of choice because we really are not heavy-handed with the company that the companies that we acquire. So, you know, we've got great references when they contact Western or even as recently as HomeTeam. So, we are very optimistic. We think that there are a lot of people that – this is just kind of the push that they need to make the sale decision. Price-wise, I think prices have gone down. Some of the people that were spending money – in our determination fairly loosely are no longer pursuing acquisitions. You know, we pretty much held to our guns and didn't feel like we could chase some of the amounts that were being paid. So I really think that we pretty much – we are in a good position that you know, to really buy some of these businesses at a very good value.
Garo Naruein – Blackrock: Great and just historically what kind of multiples have you guys had.
Gary Rollins: The business is kind of funny because typically it has been sold on a multiple of revenue. You know, there is quite a bit of (inaudible) in some of these smaller companies and multiples of revenues have been kind of the way that businesses have been placed. Our models are far more sophisticated than that. We really look at what is going to happen to the business after we own it and so there is a lot of things that really kind of determine our value, how profitable it is at that time, what are some of the expenses that are going to disappear when a person sells and so, you know, I think you can convert that if you wanted to kind of back into the percentage of revenue that could be probably anywhere from $0.80 to maybe $1.10. But typically historically once you restate the amount to the EBITDA, 6 to 7 times EBITDA and obviously there are variations in that.
Garo Naruein – Blackrock: Great, thanks very much.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from the line of Patrick Stowe with Priority Capital. Please go ahead.
Patrick Stowe – Priority Capital: Thanks, good morning.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Patrick Stowe – Priority Capital: I just wanted to clarify; did you say that termite claims were down 40% year-over-year?
Gary Rollins: That is correct.
Patrick Stowe – Priority Capital: So that – does that make it $7.5 million for the year?
Harry Cynkus: Yes.
Patrick Stowe – Priority Capital: Any idea what the provision for ’09 on that will be? I'm just looking back I mean in 2006 that was a $17 million charge. So, obviously it has dropped significantly.
Gary Rollins: Yes and the provision should match pretty close in ’09 we expect to claim levels and we are hoping that and looking to reduce the number of claims in ‘09 from ‘08. I don't think we can expect another 40% reduction but by the same token the number of new claims last year was down significantly from the year before, the number of open claims was down as well. So, we think the number should continue to trend down but certainly we can’t keep that pace up.
Patrick Stowe – Priority Capital: I mean is it just an issue where the old termite applications aren’t really as much of an issue any more? And what are the trends driving that really?
Gary Rollins: I think the largest trend is that back in the late 90s we went from lifetime repair contracts to term contracts and you know, we've been able to do a good job in matching the efficacy of the contract with the term of the contract, and you know as a result we're seeing a reduction. In addition you know based on lot of actuarial work that we did as we felt a matrix. So we're much more – much smarter in imagining the risks that we will incur soon. We know what home type constructions are problematic and what not. So lot of work over the years that have all contributed to the trend.
Patrick Stowe – Priority Capital: Well I appreciate the color and good luck to you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions)
Gary Rollins: Well, thank you all for joining today's call and your interest in Rollins and we look forward to participate. We have a late question, okay.
Operator: Excuse me, would you like to take the questions sir?
Gary Rollins: Yes.
Operator: That question is from the line of Tom Quinn [ph] with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Tom Quinn – Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Two quick ones. How do your contracts work if a restaurant has a chain and they close a few units, you get revenue per store or just the contract stays the same?
Gary Rollins: We would lose the revenues that went with the stores that closed.
Tom Quinn – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And the –
Gary Rollins: I like it your way though. It is better. We can’t get them to stand for that.
Tom Quinn – Deutsche Bank: Okay and then you know I have listened to lot of conference calls where you know, lot of managements talk about how bad the economy is and they are going line by line through their costs trying to reduce some, and I understand in your business how you know it is contractually set up and how regulations have acquired your services in some cases but have any businesses come back to you not trying to cancel or anything like that but just trying to ask for a better price?
Gary Rollins: Oh sure. I mean you know typical national – national accounts you know do. We have a little bit of room in that we can if it's a non-food type of account it has no food sales or service or whatever we can make some adjustments sometimes with the service frequency because you know, you can certainly under some circumstances if they have no pest and we've remedied their pest problems and we sometimes can look at if there are twice a month customers sometimes we can reduce that to once a month but we're not involved in any price reductions or anything of that nature I mean it's just taken a long time to get our prices up and so we're pretty firm about holding the line.
Tom Quinn – Deutsche Bank: Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and we do have a question from the line of Andrew Mahoney [ph] with Green Arrow [ph]. Please go ahead.
Andrew Mahoney – Green Arrow: Hi, thanks. Actually I just have one question. Can you quantify what earnings per share accretion were from the HomeTeam acquisition in 2008?
Harry Cynkus: No. We typically don't break up the earnings of our various operating divisions but it was as we mentioned mildly accretive.
Andrew Mahoney – Green Arrow: Okay, and cost synergies should accelerate in 2009 for that one property, the acquisition?
Harry Cynkus: Yes, we have – as we said in some previous calls you know we set out a four-year plan and model that we believe we could bring their margins up to equal to what the margins in our other operating businesses are excluding the impact of the intangibles and they are operating well ahead of schedule and we believe we have opportunities to further improve their margins.
Andrew Mahoney – Green Arrow: Okay thank you.
Operator: Thank you and there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn it back to management for any closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Okay, well thank you again for joining our call and your interest in Rollins. We look forward to your participation on our next quarter’s call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude the Rollins Inc. fourth quarter 2008 conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference you can dial 303-590-3000 or you can dial 1800-405-2236 and enter the access code 111-24-781 followed by the pound sign. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer Harry Cynkus - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Scott Amann - Financial Relations Board
Analysts: Clint Fendley - Davenport Jamie Famalette - Sidoti & Company John Christensen - Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Mike - Kenwood Capital Management (Robert Mitchell)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for standing by and welcome to the Rollins’ Second Quarter Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, the 23rd of July, 2008. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Scott Amann of the Financial Relations Board. Please go ahead.
Scott Amann– Financial Relations Board:  Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3777. We will send you the release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1800-405-2236 with the pass code 11116485. Additionally, the call is being webcast over www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with me today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the lines up to your questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thank you Scott. Good morning and thank you all for joining our second quarter 2008 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Harry Cynkus – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Harry. We were pleased to report a 18.7% increase in revenues for our second quarter. As reflected in the press release a large percentage of this improvement resulted from a recent acquisition of HomeTeam Pest Defense. Excluding HomeTeam a 4.7% growth was an up tick from the second quarter and was contributed by both our commercial and residential Pest control business lines. During the quarter we also experienced an increase in new residential pest control weeds which continues to confirm that the demand for our service is stable and in fact this quarter increasing. This leads to a question on many peoples mind these days and that is the economic downturn effecting new business. This is an understandable question since we all see the current economic environment having in affect on most businesses across the country. Unfortunately we aren’t experiencing this handicapped today. Historically, as I have stated in the past our business is prudent to be recession reassessment. We are moving through for completely immune to that economic environments, demand may slow somewhat but historically we have continued to make progress both revenue and profit vise in the downturns. We believe that there is several contributing factors in this phenomenon. Three are in total. First we are stay to focus on our core competencies residential and commercial pest controls. We are not diversify thereby awarding exposures to businesses that don’t have the same virtues as pest control. Additionally, over the years we worked hard to become a leader in FDO, so we have more influence on our faith than many other companies do. Actually, we have significant over 80% of our revenue is recurring revenue, which means that each month starts with that big advantage. Externally we have founded a good times and bad our customer have a high regard for what we do by protecting our health and property. The commercial customers must have pest control service and homeowners need to protect their home against termites. The number three fop here in the US today is the insects, so these customers could keeping insects out of their home as a high quality. This four factors are all reality that make our prospects customers and business more stable than always during economic downturn. Back to the quarter, excluding the impact of HomeTeam our margins improved this past quarter. At the same time we continually look to improve our customer service and customer satisfaction, however, we have a much service as one such example, it is grown in popularity, especially with working families and our pest control retention has improved as well. At the same and we have advanced our marketing technology to ensure individuals and businesses seeking pest control can find these easily on the internet. Our national working customer service center was contributing to our revenue improvements in this area as well. These significant initiatives along with other steps that have led the higher customer retention into more new customers. Our commitment to improve our business doesn’t stop. We never lose site that there is always in which we can make advancements. We had new most opportunities to further improve our business for the benefits our customers, employees and company. As an example the escalating gas expenses has been met with numerous initiatives to reduce miles travel. Provide more GPS over the slide. Purchase feel better as well as other steps to reduce the impact that this cost has had on our business. Let me talk for a moment now about HomeTeam Pest Defense. This acquisition was a really positive step for our company. I spoke about this one on our first quarter conference call, but now we’ve got three months under our belt and we are extremely pleased with this acquisition. We believe that both for the short term as well as long term HomeTeam will be regarded as a vital aspect at Rollins. When we begin our discussions with HomeTeam, we felt that they were an exceptional company. Following our due diligence we were even more convinced that they were perfect fit and this has quickly been affirmed. In that HomeTeam’s first 90 days with us they are well ahead of our plans for them having been accretive in the second quarter. HomeTeam provides a solid and growing revenue base consisting of both its new construction, new home owner that they excludes in the old customers and their conventional Pest Control Customers. I think there has been some confusion over HomeTeam's mix which is important to clear off. First more than 90% of HomeTeam’s business is Pest Control. Servicing residential customers with conventional pest control and termite treatment just like work it does, along with their tubes in the wall pest defense system. Less than 10% of their revenue comes from sales to homebuilders for installing new systems for future residential customers. Second, HomeTeam has extremely high customer retention rates one of the highest in the industry, coupled with very high customer satisfaction ratings. Third, even as Home construction has slowed their numerous homeowners that have yet to activate those systems and we expect the benefit from this untapped bracelet in the future. One other situation I would like to address is that the tubes in the wall are not 1.5 inch or even 11/4 inch PVC tubes like some people have envision. But they are 8 inch or less. It’s actually very thin plastic tubings smaller and thickness cholesterol actually now like fats together. This small size is more conducive to my new pesticide delivery, plus provides more session instillations. HomeTeam success is largely the result of an exceptional management in CEO team. As previously mentioned that was an important to consideration for us when acquiring this business. But Rollins is all about people, our most important asset. We are very proud what Bob Wanzer and his team have accomplished in such a short time and where they can do lot of tube. We believe that we can help them further leverage their business and improve their profitability. When we acquired HomeTeam their margins were 7% on a trailing 12 month basis. But we believe that we can double those margins in the next four years. In fact, we have already seen the margin improvement, using our Buying power, risk management practices and other efficiencies such as fleet management well all be making an impact. Turning the other areas, I am happy to report that our new national advertising campaign is being well received then having a positive affect on our lead generation. I hope you have all seen a big bulge commercial and I feel, I feel it as we do that they are memorable. If you haven't seen one you can go to our website www.orkin.com and watch the Orkin man working hard to protect owners, homeowners from a six foot cockroach control mind. During the second quarter we reports just 260,700 source of the company stock under our share repurchase program, taking the advantage of the current stock market environment. We also reduce our debt under our credit line by $36 million which is attribute to the cash generating power of Rollins. I would like now the turn the call over to Harry, he will discuss our financial results in greater detail.
Harry Cynkus – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Gary. I am also proud to report the second quarter results. But first reflecting our most recent acquisition HomeTeam. I think the results speak volumes about the resiliency of the business even now this year’s more difficult economic condition. We’ve had what I feel is a great quarter. We produced record revenue, record profit, and generated a lot of cash allowing us to payback 36 million of the 90 million we drew down at the beginning of the quarter to finance the HomeTeam acquisition. We are also buying back $4.2 million of our stock. Let's get into details. Revenues for the second quarter grew 18.7%, revenues totaled 284.5 million compared to 239.6 million for the second quarter last year. Net income for the quarter is 22.7 million as compared to 21.2 million last year, a 7.1% improvement. While diluted earnings per share this quarter is $0.23 and 9.5% improvement over this full adjusted $0.21 reported last year in the second quarter. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA was 46.4 million increasing 12.3% over the second quarter last year. EBITDA grew faster than net income due to s1.9 million of amortization of intangibles relating to HomeTeam acquisition recorded for the first time this quarter. A most recent significant acquisition HomeTeam Pest Defense contributed revenues of 33.7 million. Excluding the impact of HomeTeam revenues increase 4.7% in the quarter and 4.5% year-to-date. There continues to be a lot of talk of economic concern, but it has not significantly impacted our business. Our commercial pest control now represents 39% of our business and continues to lead the track phase wise. Excluding the contribution HomeTeam our commercial revenues grew 9% and 9.4% if you look at excluding through negations. New sales for the quarter were over 10% better in the same quarter last year and this business is that only what new business you sell or what you retain and our commercial customer retention improved slightly, approximately 1.5 of point over last year's record. A testimony to our best-in-class service to our customers. This also conforms that we are not losing any significant number of commercial account due to the economy. Our residential pest control now represents a little more than 39% in the business and grew 2% before HomeTeam's contribution, up from the first quarters growth of 1.6%, and with our HomeTeam 30.4% in the second quarter compared with the prior year quarter. We saw an increase in release during the quarter which resulted in improved sale. Lastly, let's talk about our termite service revenue which now represents just under 21% of our business and grew 17.2% as a result of the acquisition of the HomeTeam. In fact excluding HomeTeam's contribution our previously existing Termite business growth was a little up then flat. Even the pest control industry trends concerning the Termite business I think it held up surprisingly well overall. Termite work as a much larger dollar purchase, but if one has termites most people wont considered a discretionary purchase. As HomeTeam has a higher cost of services before the quarter our gross margin declined by 60 basis points from 49.3 last year to 48.7 this quarter. Margins excluding the impact of HomeTeam actually improved 40 basis points due to greater service technician productivity and a decrease in pension cost which was partially offset by $1.4 million increase in fleet cost, primarily the higher cost of fuel. Deprecation and amortization expanses to the second quarter totaled $8.7 million with amortization of intangibles at 5.3 million and depreciation of 3.4 billion. Amortization increased 1.9 million in the quarter, an increase of 56% due to the almost $90 million were signed to customer contract and other intangible assets as part of the HomeTeam acquisition. Amortization of intangibles primarily customer contract valued at the time of the acquisition represents a significant non-cash charge to the P&L. Under GAAP we write-off the value of signing the customer contract acquired in acquisition over their economic life where we fully expense all cost that are acquiring new customer internally. In 2008, total amortization of intangible expenses will be approximately $19.3 million, based upon our fully diluted share outstanding it represents a non-cash after tax charge of $0.12 the GAAP EPS this year. Sales, general and administrative expenses for the second quarter ended June 30, increased 15.2 million or 19.9%, a 32.3% revenue from 32% for the second quarter ended June 30, 2007. $10 million of the dollar increase was due to the addition of HomeTeam expenses excluding the impact of HomeTeam as a percent of revenues increased 60 basis point due to higher sales salaries, additional $600,000 of lead expense, and additional $900,000 in non-recurring expenses related to the acquisition of HomeTeam. On last quarters call, we recorded concerning the contribution we expected from HomeTeam. As we were concerned about minimizing any of this and giving the HomeTeam Associates onboard focus on the business. While I am happy to report that we have successfully on boarded the HomeTeam, disruption has been minimal, and they have exceeded our expectations in all respects, operationally and financially. HomeTeam is a great psychotically as well. They are working hard and enthusiastically take advantage of the million of programs we can offer them to improve and expand their business. At the same time our ownership has opened doors of opportunity for the HomeTeam not previously available. A number of builders who previously had not used the KX systems and the pest defense system because of the of the form of Centex being a competitor. They are now willing to top and are begging to work with HomeTeam. Most notably (Inaudible) known as America’s builder, a largest homebuilder in the United States has added HomeTeam to their improved tender list. We still firmly believe that the pest control business owned and managed by the worlds Pest control company and it form more than a pest control company owned and managed by a homebuilder even at world class one. We are working diligently to take advantage of the many opportunities who are improving their margins, but the trialing 12 months further acquisition that have reported EBITDA of approximately $9 million representing a margin of 6.7%. Based on the progress they made on their own over the course of the last year and now have been converted us to payroll and benefit programs, replacing their insurance programs with our, taking advantage to our purchasing cars, we have already seen greater than a 200 basis point improvement in their EBITDA margins. We believe that it continuous to be awful opportunity to more than double over the next four year bringing them into line with our other business. But bottom line the question everyone is interested in, whether it would be accretive? The answer is yes. Even though the large write-off of intangibles and interest expense on the pest to fund the acquisition we expect this to be accretive on a GAAP basis in its first year. We always continuous to be financially solid, we generated $45 million in free cash flow, cash provided from operations less capital expenditures year-to-date, and this represents 9.1% of revenue. A strong cash flow allowed us to payback 36 million or the one-third of the $90 million barrels in April to purchasing. In addition 8.2 million has been expended under the company share buyback program. We continue to have an abundant of opportunity not only with the HomeTeam and with our existing businesses. I look forward to reporting our results as the year continues, but I will turn the call back to Gary.
Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions, which you might have.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. At this time, we will begin our question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And Clint Fendley with Davenport, please go ahead.
Clint Fendley: Thank you. Good morning gentlemen. Nice quarter, and with a very difficult environment out there.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Clint Fendley: A couple of modeling question to off to start. I mean obviously, some nice pay down on your debt, what's that outlook there between now and the reminder of the year and how will you sort of balance that against the opportunity for sale or purchases here in the near term?
Harry Cynkus: Well, I think you should look historically at cash generation by quarter; third quarter tends to be a strong quarter. I think last year cash from operations was, let us say 30 something million dollars FX probably 4, 5 million. So our first priority will be to pay down debt, but we will continue to look at opportunities in the market place. We bought stock in Q2 and I think what was our average price was close to 15.5. So I think there will be some opportunities possibly in this quarter to continue to buying back stock. We have about half a million shares currently authorized.
Clint Fendley: Okay, thanks. That’s helpful Harry. And then on the termite accrual do you have the adjustment that was made to the provision and then also the settlements during the quarter?
Harry Cynkus: We will have that in the -- I don’t have that handy. Claims though we had very positive results for the quarter as to all 3% over 31%. Total claims for the first six months of this year was only $2.6 million. So after a 30 plus percent reduction and the claims last year were running against some you know, our low numbers and we have improved it to further 30% flat. So we had a small minor net expense in the quarter.
Clint Fendley: Okay. And on the -- you can -- some really nice developments on the margin that HomeTeam obviously, some very good long-term expectations there for that acquisition. I mean any thoughts maybe even on the near term and how you might be able to get a new potential low lying fruit maybe in the next two quarters or through the remainder of the year for that unit?
Harry Cynkus: Well, again they are only at the front end and starting to take advantage of our purchasing power. It’s going to take some time for the inventory to work its way through the oil prices you know, what they certainly pricing their inventory levels. We are working with them obviously, you know, that takes longer to work its way through. We are looking at the insurance, we need to track and see what their experience is. They are aggressively looking at how to grow their businesses in this economy they have. They are doing their sales mix in an additional city, they had not been in before trying to establish, frequently established a presence in the new markets. So they are looking at -- they are in the process of -- we are also looking at some of the other programs we have. It's like taking that from a 1000, not from a 1000, like its more (Inaudible) right now, they have a lot of opportunities, but they have a great management team and they are focused on growing the business. They have got the goals, they are talking to a number of builders who previously chose not to do business with them and like I said we are happy that (CI Holton) has made them approved their vendor and we hope to see some of the units in CI Holton down the road here.
Clint Fendley: Okay, thanks Harry. And then a final question, I have had a couple of question asking about any kind of update on the software routing and where you guys stand on that?
Gary Rollins: Well, we continue to work on it. I guess we have got a better appreciation of the complexity of our service scenario unlike EPS and some of the other seers and some of the other people that we benchmark with, there is quite a few variables that they were still working on. We have got multiple frequencies, we have got call backs, we have got customers changing their service date; we have got new starts to add encapsulations to the lead. So it will be the most complicated service routing system that’s been developed, but each of our testing environments and we have had those along the way where we bring our field people in. They are most enthusiastic and are pleased and the fact they are getting kind of anxious about let's turn it on in the branches, but based on previous experience with IT initiatives, we are going to be very cautious about it. So we continue to be encouraged and look forward to it.
Clint Fendley: Okay. Thanks Gary. That’s helpful. Thank you guys.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Alright, thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jamie Famalette with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Jamie Famalette: Hey good morning gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Good morning.
Jamie Famalette: Can you talk a little bit about employee retention in this environment I think typically when the general economy gets a little tight usually that that becomes positive offset to you? I mean, have you noticed the trend there yet?
Gary Rollins:
 :
Jamie Famalette: Just a question about HomeTeam Gary. Is there any difference between how HomeTeam has historically marketed to homeowners that had the tubes in their homes but had not activated the system with the service contract? Was there a net that HomeTeam the salesmen were going to that kind of homeowner, or is this what you guys are going to do in that. And can you talk a little bit about that strategy and kind of how you expect that to play out?
Gary Rollins: The HomeTeam's marketing model was that their salesmen would what we kind of call blitz an area that as a large number of units were installed in a project then they would really go out and meet the homeowners and make sure that they understood what opportunities they had and how the service -- ongoing service would work et cetera. In addition to that, they did telemarketing where they called the customers and certainly there is not a any restrictions when you are talking about someone that’s really owns an asset. So it's not really soliciting a customer that has no interest in what you are doing. I think if anything we were very impressed with what they did and how they did it. I think that some of the things that we can help with is we have some knowledge about direct mail, which I think we can share with them and we have I think knowledge of doing call center work on a larger scale, utilizing some more sophisticated technology and practice it. So I think that’s -- I think I would say if there were two areas that we might be able to help them a little bit would be in the direct mail side and in the telemarketing side where they go back again, of course, a lot of times when that customer moves in. They have just got a lot of things. You know the guy is still hanging pictures and loads in the boxes and so forth. So it's not unusual to be able to add a significant amount of customers, add through -- the dust kind of settles and they have more time to think above the options which they have. So I think that they do a good job, I think they may be able to help a little bit with the technology and some of the thing that we’ve learned.
Jamie Famalette:  And Gary just to sum up kind of what I am here and this is also based on your prepared remarks, I think that one of the concerns perhaps over the last couple of months here is that that there was some code un code great analyst with respect to on payment, what it sounds to me is you bought a pretty good company, you are very enthusiastic with what you have bought and really its not so much integration but just using your superior pest control company resources to help them out, I mean is that an accurate investment?
Gary Rollins: 
 :
 :
 :
Jamie Famalette:  Okay, Gary, Harry thank you very much for your time.
Company Representative:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you and your question from the line of (Math) (Inaudible) Central Asset Management. Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst:  Good morning guys.
Gary Rollins: Very good morning.
Unidentified Analyst:  Couple of clarifying questions about HomeTeam of my own understanding, their business is there is tubes on the way, but are there any traditional pest control?
Gary Rollins: 40% of the business is the tubes, 50% of their business is traditional. But if you really want to further expand a definition of you know, I mean, traditional to some extent is once our customers turns on the service I mean, it is very comparable to traditional cost control, I mean, certainly you have those sophistication of the technology that makes the service call easier, but they service the outside of the home, they would go inside if required. So when you make that transition and that new home owners turns the service on I mean, it replicates traditional pest control I guess the only y difference would be is they have the advantage of some pretty unique technology.
Unidentified Analyst:  And what is the cost for I may not give exact numbers, but for home owners, its on new home owner I have got the system in my house, is it, what does the cost look like to you that was..?
Gary Rollins: It’s really comparable to what you are looking in every other month services. So you know, one of the neat things is that this company has maintained solid pricing which is always kind of ops to go in and you require another company what you would like to think that your prices in your margin aren’t going to be dilutive, but one of the wonderful things that they have the density, because when you sell these homeowner I mean, the technician can carry a lot bigger route, the technical service is less than a conventional call, but literally you can end to these 1000 division, and I can go from house to house down the street, and so, that’s a wonderful advantage, it just don’t have a windshield time.
Unidentified Analyst:  Well great. And it’s for the top buyer, and you really pay anything extra for this system or its just kind of having your home?
Gary Rollins: The homebuilder is – will have to pay for the systems being installed, and the way that programs works HomeTeam will sell the builder or the development it’s not a future you are going to put it phase two because the people who are in phase one who don’t have it would it be necessarily happy with builder. So they will sign up and get a commitment from the builder for the entire development and that’s the home that’s build this fiscal. When the house is frame and it is to the electrical state typically they go in and install the tubes at that time.
Harry Cynkus: I think to kind of expand on that a little bit, the customers feel like they bought this. So I mean its, when you use the term pork I mean, I think if you look out it as an asset and I think that as a result of that I mean, that contributes to the retention cycle. So its unique thing we were in the long business for many years and it’s very similar to the way the customer felt about their long system that there was a part of the home when they acquired it. So you really get a strong growth legends as far as customers is concerned.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s a good point. Just lastly you mentioned that there is some opportunities with customers that have it, but have not yet signed up for the service. Can you give us some sort of order of magnitude, appetitive relative to the number of customer there are and something like that, just idea? You know there is potential growth just from sign of folks that have the system already?
Harry Cynkus: I think it’s really to soon to tell, we have add up for three months I mean, we love what we see, but its difficult that how many of those will get, but they have and I think we talked about this before it appears about 50% of half of the systems they’ve installed during the lifetime of the company, but half of that today are activated.
Gary Rollins: But I think this is one to go back to an earlier question that that if we can come up with a more efficient way to telemarket and to use direct mail then I think we have some opportunities, but frankly after three months we haven't been able to get back cranked up. So that’s really, once we do that, once we really kind of turn them on so to speak to power dialers and things like that and experiment with direct mail. I think we’ve got a great opportunity to improve the delay of these sales it would not made on made on initial contacts.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks guys I appreciate that.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operators Instruction). Our next question from the line of (Robert Mitchell) with (Inaudible) Capital, please go ahead.
Robert Mitchell: Good morning guys. I wonder if you can talk a little bit more about the script in your commercial business if there is any particular initiatives or programs you are rolling out and if there is any verticals within that commercial business where you guys are really saying some traction?
Gary Rollins: One of the big think if we look for to is that our customer CRM technology and bio (multiple speakers) if we required a I guess a pretty powerful software product from (Endox) I guess about a year ago. One of the features of that has is the ability to have far more affordable salesforce.com site application, and there is really kind of means maybe alignment lying inches, you have a computer system that unable you to keep up with a calls that your salesman are making record specific information about those calls, it has follow up systems that has the ability really to monitor salesman activities from the remote sites. So the sales manager can at the end of the day really can review the data and see what his sales force did so he can plan his time and his activities accordingly. We are really on the cost of rolling that out, we have worked on it now I guess for the past 6 to 8 months. We got a lot of field input because we were using salesforce.com on the West Coast and we were using what’s the name of (multiple speaker). We have another product that we use in Canada. So we really kind of get the best breed so to t speak features, and then and took this core software product and we’re going be able to expand that, and as I said salesforce.com is a great product, its rule over Q1 frankly for large structure, but its very expensive. So we’ve got a five more affordable systems that’s integrated and the focus which is very important focus is our preparatory branch lead and services and so, we think we’re got a come out with a superior lead management and sales management situation. The other advantage we got there is our salesman on the tooling, I mean, the people that we trained a year ago are yield better and certainly two years or two years better. So we know that as they get older and more experienced their sales go up, our turnover goes down. The average sale that they make goes up which typically improves our margins you know, they are able to sell bigger and more sophisticated customers like hospitals and nursing homes and include processing facilities and so forth. So we see a lot of good things, we also know that with the confidence of our success of some of these areas and we are – we will be growing the sales force, we will be growing into newer markets. So we will have more people on the street with tools.
Robert Mitchell: What is the, sales people in the commercial side you have right now?
Harry Cynkus: Two sales people.
Gary Rollins: We can give you better figure, we’ve kind of got two groups out there, we’ve got the vertical salesman that are working in these metro markets Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia, Atlanta, New Orleans et cetera, but we also have a group of commercial salesman that are in these outline market like (Telsa), (Homaho) t cetera who work for the branch manager, so I think that’s kind of mumbling a little bit here about the number.
Robert Mitchell: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Gary Rollins: Thank you. Okay Harry says the number is 327.
Robert Mitchell: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions.). (Inaudible). Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: I am wondering just from the traditional side of the business excluding HomeTeam you guys talked about how margins improved some and I wanted just if you could provide a little more color on how much might have been from top line either pricing or better mix versus any kind of efficiencies I want stop that it might have had some challenges with the fuel prices et cetera?
Harry Cynkus: I think the, we’ve strictly productivity improvement. In anticipation in getting prepared for the roll out of our circling initiatives we have done in the last I guess six months now a lot of work with that software in and the optimization trying to optimize before we rollout a line, and we saw that in the productivity on the specific side, we also mentioned what we got a pension expanse this year letting about a $0.5 million per quarter less than last year. Thos two things more than offset the 9 million; I think a million a 9 an increase for fuel cost in CSP. So we will be happy that the productivity is working for us. One other things that is kind of constant with us is productivity. We get so many benefits that if we can get the work with fewer people because again typically if you reduce -- if you have a technician that is not required, you also benefit on the vehicle, you benefit on the fuel cost, you benefit on the accidents you know, which is, it has a lot of good things that takes place. One of the limitations to [Mac 1] is that it's not a constant application. In other words, you can reroute your customers and organize your routes, but it doesn’t have an ongoing maintenance capability. It doesn’t deal with the adds and the deletes and the changes and so forth. And that’s the big benefit of a line that it is a real time active routing and scheduling system. So every time once you get them organized, every time that any change took place, the system just automatically adjust for that particular change.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: All right, thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Christensen with Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment. Please go ahead.
John Christensen: A longer term kind of question. Over the past eight or nine years, your operating margins have gone from about 2% to about 12% on the back of lower warranty cost and moving from monthly service to every other month service. These things are sort of playing themselves out now. I think they are pretty much fully played out. And so then the question comes what are your -- how much further do you have an margin opportunity and what will be the sources of that?
Harry Cynkus: Well, let me start. First, I don’t think our opportunity to improve margins has played out. I think for a long time we have said that we expect that our margin step to 15% pretax. We don’t see any reason why we can't continue to strive for that. Some comes down to this management. When we look across the field of our 400 branches, we have substantial number of branches performing well above that level and a lot of that comes down to continued focus on improving management, which will translate into better blocking and tackling at the field level. So some of the initiatives, margin improvement will continue to come from opportunity to grow the business, additional revenue, tighter routes, productivity initiatives we have underway, we continue to reduce our cost of risk. And sometimes it's a small thing and surprisingly we have started a program last year it is quite seem inaccurate, but looking at people's shoes that they wear, the safety shoes. What we learned was that people weren't wearing the shoes that we had been providing them because they weren't waterproof and they wear them in the morning walk across some of yard, the shoe would get wet all day. So we spent some time investigating that better safety shoes that were waterproofed as well as good looking that people would want to wear and as slipping this year are down significantly. It will save us probably several hundred -- well over several hundred thousand dollars reduced workers' comp claims. So the 2 million customers we have a lot of transactions and if this take small improvements per transaction to translate into a lot of dollar improvement. Anything you want to add?
Gary Rollins:
 : So to catch a long-term opportunity that we have a line for the reason that we have discussed today and in the past also has the opportunity to be triple for us. But we don’t ever take away from the singles and because we do have so many locations and we really get a lot of data on revenue for add net employee revenue from span of control or service manager's revenue per vehicle we are constantly looking at our operations. We have a program called 75th Percentile where we are honestly trying to move lower producing branches to the 75th Percentile with the idea being that you don’t have to be the very best in your region or you don’t have to be the best in your division. You just need to get upto the 75th Percentile. So I really think we look at both ends of spectrum, some of them are longer term as you mentioned and will be more difficult to achieve and will take a lot effort and a lot of tasking. And then others is like improving the efficiency of the vehicles or things that you know, you can starting doing and or doing on a month to month basis.
John Christensen: I think, I hear you say that your warrantee cost were 2.6 million or that even get forward period?
Harry Cynkus: Average for the first six months of the year.
John Christensen: Okay. And four years after you acquired Western Exterminator, you are still keeping that brand strengthening. I am surprised, because it makes me wonder if the Orkin brand isn't that much more powerful than Westerns and what the strength of the Orkin Brand is if you are not converting your acquisitions to that brand?
Gary Rollins:
 :
Harry Cynkus: And the other thing too is 60% of Western is commercial business where the -- but that 40% that’s not. Western is offering different service frequency in offering. They have a whole perception plan which they sell, they package differently than what the Orkin have really month or quarterly services. So having different services in the market place under different brand name you know, we think has made sense and continues to make sense.
John Christensen: If you do not merge the brands, does that mean you cannot -- you to create the wealth and gain wealth denisty?
Garry Rollins:
 :
Harry Cynkus: We’ve also moved business between branches, I mean we adjust the optimization between the company.
John Christensen: Okay. I guess my question is if you have a neighborhood that has a Orkin customer and a Western customer, so you have to send two trucks out there?
Harry Cynkus: Currently we do send two trucks, the whole model relates to the fixation that has been serviced.
John Christensen: And so there is no anticipation of trying to get one truck and improve the wealth density?
Gary Rollins: Yeah I think that’s the ultimate objective, but as I mentioned before I think we’ve learned if the people side of it in getting these companies that we acquire on board with a e programs that we have and the practices we have really are primary consideration. And you know, when we buy this smaller businesses and immediately they are converted over to Orkin a100%. We have no short term plans to change HomeTeams brand to Orkin and I think you know when we look at it Western makes a profit plans they have very ambitious plans I hope the Western people are listening. But we have the ambitious plans for them and they need those plans. So I think its working but I don’t discount the fact that there is a lot of efficiencies to be gain when you have that one technician in the same neighborhood.
John Christensen: Thank you for your help.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and you have question from Mike (Chris O’ Donnelly) Kenwood Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Mike: Good morning gentlemen.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning.
Mike: Couple of questions I think there is 385,000 HomeTeam account is that correct?
Harry Cynkus: Yes.
Mike: And did I hear correctly that half of the installed tube out there at HomeTeam since inception installed 770,000, that’s the tubes out there?
Harry Cynkus: In that neighborhood.
Mike: Okay.
Harry Cynkus: Actually the 385,000 I think is total customers that includes traditional, and I wanted to say the two numbers actually I think there is about 200,000 current tube in the wall customers and 400,000 that installed over the last.
Mike: Got it, okay. And Gary a question for you like you – this a great quarter, you’ve built a great company and your family has been patient over lot of years and you know you’ve done a great job paying down this debt here just after you know three to four months and no doubt you and your team and you family have seen cycles in the stock market and you have seen you know springs where there is not a lot of buck to and your have seen clearly time where the stock market doesn’t believe and what you are building over the years. And I am just curious what your thought might be on an efficient, more efficient perhaps capital structure I mean, the stocks up to date 10% but its still down 26% just in the last eight months. And you know its not like your cash flow is down 26%,, its not like there is 26% fewer buck, its not like you guys have become 74% smatter to used to be. And I am just wondering if there is a point where you know, and you got you feel like “hey we just spent $90 million forward 90 million to buy HomeTeam. You know what if we buying upon a $90 million but low interest rates there to buy the business we know best, which is stock and you know strength the CapEx several percent, I am just curious what your thoughts might be on that?
Gary Rollins: We certainly look at that I don’t know we have to figure what yesterday about how much stock we borrow over the last five years and you remember what that?.
Company Representative: That was very big size number.
Gary Rollins: And then we can, we can get back to you with that piece, I mean, we continue to do it, we think about those things from time to time you know you thing about going private, you think about you know making them a bigger stock purchase play, but I guess if the what we come back to is we know we feel like we know what we are doing and the approach that we have taken if you look at what stock turnover of a longer horizon certainly you know it’s a lot more substantial in what you have just indicated. You know we think we have a lot of options and I guess the good think like a lot of companies that are looking to try to pull a rabbit out of the hat, you know, we know that we can move the business force just by working on maybe a less sexy approach whether our approach are just adding customers, improving margins, reducing cost et cetera, but, we don’t just count anything.
Mike: Okay thank you again congratulation on the quarter.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Here we do we have followup from (Inaudible). Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, just last question, I think actually the number between 2005-2007 year your brought back about it was about $90 million for the stock. Gary the follow up question that is, do you sense on acquisition environment perspective, people talk about baby boomer demographics and all those kinds of things, I mean, do you think that the next five years, could yield some fruits on an acquisition perspective basis and your conversation with other people in the industry?
Gary Rollins: We absolutely do. You know, the great thing I guess that’s got all good news, bad news, the good news is when things are tough and people get on sure about the future and see things if concern them would perhaps an administration change with the upcoming election. You know they start to reevaluate whether its time to catch and move on, and as I have mentioned in some of the calls before I think its been our strategy for the last five years certainly, more aggressively to be the first call. And then last acquisition that we made I mean, HomeTeam had no other seaters that they where really seriously contemplating Western we where the first call within, and the only call that they made, and I think we’ve really positioned ourselves well, you can make these people sale I mean, as much as I would like to, but I may thing a track record, I think when they see how we have acclimated these companies and deal with them with respect and the freedom that they’ve had, it also speaks volumes because you know some of the people what we competed against in the past as far as acquisitions are concern do not have the same regard in track record that we do.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thank you very much for the time.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you. 
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further question at this time, please continue with any closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Okay, well thank you. As always we appreciate you interest and we look forward to our next visit. Thank you.
Operator: Alright thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Rollins Second quarter conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today’s conference in its entirety, you can do so by dialing 1800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000, and put the access code 11116485. Those numbers again, 1800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000 and put the access code 11116485. We would like to thank you very much for your participation, you may now disconnect. Have a very pleasant rest of your day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer Harry Cynkus - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Leslie Loyet - Financial Relations Board
Analysts: Jim Famalette - Sidoti & Company Clint Fendley - Davenport [Sam Lau] - [Asset Value Investors]
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for standing by and welcome to the Rollins’ first quarter conference call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, the 23rd of April, 2008. I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Leslie Loyet of the Financial Relations Board. Please go ahead.
Leslie Loyet - Financial Relations Board: Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3777. We will send you the release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list. There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-405-2236 with the pass code 11112420. Additionally, the call is being webcast over www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days. On the line with us today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the lines for questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thank you Leslie. Good morning and thank you all for joining our first quarter 2008 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statements and disclaimer and then we will begin.
Harry Cynkus – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today. Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ.
Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Harry. We were pleased to report a 4.4% increase in revenues for the first quarter. Total pest control sales were up approximately 10% led by a strong commercial pest control sales result. We saw strong commercial performance particularly in our national accounts, which was up over a100% from the same quarter last year with more than $7 million in sales. As I mentioned on our last call, this quarter we started service on three national accounts that were sold earlier with approximately 3,500 locations in the US, which contributed. There was not a high volume of new residential pest control or termite control sales due to the small amount of pest activity this quarter. We are pleased to have completed the acquisitions of HomeTeam Pest Defense, a Centex subsidiary. It could be said that this is an acquisition that took a long time to come to fruition. We first contacted them almost 10 years ago and have routinely been in touch throughout the period. We last contacted them about five months ago they were more receptive. As one Centex’s executive said we really like pest control but right now we need to focus completely on our home building business. HomeTeam’s fiscal year ended March 31, and recorded revenues of approximately $134 million. The revenue and customer base when combined with ours will considerably broaden our market share. HomeTeam was attractive to us for a number of reasons beginning with the fact that they provide a strategic opportunity to handle a market channel that we’ve not previously pursued, new home construction and the new home owner. I know people can be a little nervous these days when they think of home construction but home building is not going to stop. It slows down from time to time but it doesn’t stop. Keep in mind that more than half of HomeTeam’s business has nothing to do with new home construction. For that unique proprietary KX tubes in the wall system we have gained a number of competitive advantages. For us this market segment has significant barriers to enter. Next HomeTeam has already earned great builder acceptance with relationships with 18 of the nation's 20 largest builders and the business has a lower cost of service delivery for ongoing pest services and they enjoy in most markets high route density. The service is less invasive as the customer does not need to be home for treatment. Home owners value of the company’s innovative tubes in the wall pest control delivery system which they look upon as a purchased asset. Customer convenience and the high level of quality service provided by HomeTeam have translated into very high customer satisfaction ratings and excellent customer retention some of the highest in the industry. They have a very nice installed customer base servicing approximately 380,000 customers from 48 locations in 13 states. Additionally, they have a tremendous potential of thousands of homes with the homeowner has not activated this system. We believe that efficiently solutioning these customers can provide a wonderful opportunity. In the past, we have distinguished ourselves acquisition wise with key management remaining and helping us improve the business, HomeTeam is no exception. The company’s 11 members of top management have all chosen to remain with the company and we are delighted to have them and they are approximately 1,500 co-workers as part of the Rollins team. As we have -- our other acquisitions HomeTeam will retain their planned identity and operate as a separate Rollins’ entity. We appreciate the job the Centex did as a great pair in business developer. They provided credibility with other homeowners and created a very powerful business model. We think we can improve what they started by taking the concept to new markets a substantially less capital and cost and which previously needed. And will be able to help them purchase materials and supplies more favorably by using our buying power. Working together we think that we will discover many other fastest energies as HomeTeam integrates into our organization. The people who have wondered from time to time whether were willing to leverage our balance sheet, this acquisition should clarify that. We bought $90 million to finance the acquisition of HomeTeam, however, that doesn’t mean they were not willing to look at other additional acquisitions that did. We are not out of the market. We have a $175 million credit line with a $75 million of OD in future. So, at the right acquisitions come along we are more than willing to tackle it as well. And if any pest control operators are listening today and perhaps are worried about the possibility of capital gains taxes going up, give us a call. Turning our attention to some other events of the past quarter we continue to expand our international presence with the establishment of three franchises. One in the City of Jeddah in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a second franchise for the country of Qatar and a third in the Kingdom of Bahrain. We now have four franchises in the Middle East and a total of ten international franchises worldwide. Our work in franchises in -- franchise in the United Arab Emirates was recently awarded a three-year $29 million US contract to provide pest control services to commercial and residential customers to Al Ain City, which is located about 45 minutes from Dubai. Our franchisee has experience with similar large government tenders through their landscaping business. Orkin will provide pest control know how training and collaboration. On March 14, we launched our new 2008 TV advertising campaign developed by new advertising agency, Richards with focuses on the idea that bugs will do anything to get into your home. And the Orkin man is there to keep pests in their place. Two versions of the commercial are running our metro TV on ABC, CBS, NBC and FOX as well as network cable and syndication. It’s still a little early to know the impact from a lead generation perspective, but the early feedback has been positive. Our company has always been proactive in building our brand by providing pest information to the public through our many alliances. In this ongoing effort, we recently established a new educational website through our partnership with a consumer education counsel on termites or CECT. This site will help homeowners learn how to protect their homes from termites, the website termites101.org is designed to enable homeowners to understand and have a better partner with a termite provider to identify, prevent, treat and control termites. Visitors can also access practical tips on how to deter termites as well as download a consumer brochure with key information from the site. Homeowners can e-mail questions to a termite expert and submit comments to the sites termite talk block as well. CECT is made up of a group leading scientific and academic exports on termites in the United States, including university experts from including university experts from Purdue, Texas A&M University, University of Georgia and Virginia Tech. Another initiative that we are pleased to be part of is Orkin’s campaign to Fight the Bite by encouraging consumers to wage war on this disease-carrying mosquito. This is the program that engages both our employees as well as customers. On an international basis Rollins and it affiliates are pledged to donate a minimum of $100,000 to the United Nation's 'Nothing But Nets Campaign,' a global, grassroots effort dedicated to savings lives by preventing Malaria in Africa. Nothing But Nets will use these funds to purchase and distribute at least 10,000 long-lasting, insecticide-treated mosquito bed nets in the areas of greatest need in Africa. We will raise this money through a company NetDrive and a customer donation effort through contributions solicited through nets.orkin.com. I am sure one question on everybody’s mind is concerning the economy and how it might be affecting Rollins and Orkin. We have often said that our business is recession resistant. The demand might slow somewhat but Rollins and Orkin haven’t been greatly impacted in past recessions. A commercial segment has been performing extremely well, and we haven’t seen any pressure in that area. Keep it in mind that businesses must have pest control so we don’t expect to see any fall off in this area. On the residential side past experience has shown that weather has more impact on demand than the economy. Historically, if demand softens, we have to hunt orders for new business and with over a 100 years of experience we know how to do that. We look forward to reporting our second quarter results, but first that will include HomeTeam are pretty exited about our business prospects, our new acquisition and the plans that we have in place to carry us through the balance of the year. I will now turn the call over to Harry.
Harry Cynkus – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Gary. Today we reported first quarter revenues of 4.4%, we owe another round of thanks to our commercial sales team. Revenues totaled $210.1 million compared to $201.2 million for the first quarter last year that income for the quarter is $13.8 million as compared to $12.8 million last year, an 8.2% improvement while our diluted earnings per shares this quarter is $0.14, 7.7% improvement over the split adjusted $0.13 reported last year in the first quarter. There is a lot of publicity turning the economy these days but as Gary said it has not impacted our commercial business. Our commercial pest control, which has been a key repeated focus of ours, now represents 46% of our business. Excluding commercial fumigators, our commercial revenues grew 10.2%. Our fumigation business was off 4.3% in the quarter, first by the weak dollar and as a result a decrease in food imports, which require fumigation. As a result in total commercial pest control were 9.3% with the continued maturation of our sales force, our average monthly sales where commercial account managers continued to increase and with their dedication to providing the best in class pest control service, our customer retention continues to improve. We showed significant improvement in this quarter. Our residential pest control service representing almost 35% of the business grew 1.6%. Fortunately, the long winter is now behind us and the spring albeit in some place is now on us. Three weeks doesn’t make a quarter, so with revival spring plus our other move and with our new ads running the phones are ringing once again. It's early that we are seeing a very strong improvement in leads. I wish I could say all our service lines grew, the termite decreased slightly with 1.5%. Termite control represents less than 18% of the business in the first quarter this year. This month, today again we are showing a healthy lead increase and are looking forward to a normal termite season. As reported our gross margins improved by 60 basis points, this represented an improvement in gross margins of 47.5% versus 46.9% last year. The increase in margins is primarily due to continued improvements in the cost of risks related to our termite work. Claims for the quarter was 30% less than a year ago and totaled $1.3 million. The expense claim experienced couple with favorable resolution of some termite litigation resulted in $1.5 million reduction in our insurance of claim costs. Unfortunately with our higher cost to fuel, fleet cost increased $1.8 million in the quarter. Sales, general, administrative expenses during the first quarter ended March 31, increased 3.7 million by 5.5% to 33.7% of revenues from 33.3 for the first quarter last year. Expenses increased greater than revenue due to nearly $1 million in expenses related to the acquisition of the HomeTeam. The company continues to generate superior cash flows. Cash and cash equivalents at quarter-end stood at 71.3 million with practically no debt. It was nice cash in hand when we did that was a HomeTeam acquisition we found a great opportunity that put that money to work and earn far better returns for our shareholders. So, what has been a most difficult credit market for many, we were able to quickly reach agreement with our banks on very favorable terms with our strong balance sheet and the businesses stable, recurring revenue stream and resulting cash flow, our banks were more than willing to put together a $175 million credit facility but what we feel is that the attractive borrowing costs, LIBOR plus 50 basis points to help finance the acquisition of HomeTeam. Thinking of HomeTeam, let me give you some further detail on their business. The HomeTeam business in many regards is not unlike the traditional pest control company. It has a very strong recurring revenue base. Over 50% of their revenue comes from traditional sources with the balance developed through the new homebuilder channel. In total, approximately 70% of their revenue is pest control, primarily residential, with maybe 5% being commercial. Of the total pest control business, 40% is conventional pest control service, very similar to Orkin’s business, though their primary service offering is quarterly, while Orkin's is every other month. The other 60% of the pest control business is from customers who have had the KX systems in the pest defense system. Traditional to my work, i.e., renewals, completions, big voluntary et cetera, accounts are about another 20% of their revenue. The balance of the revenue last year 10% came from builders representing the installation of tubes and termite-free treatment. We do not feel the current new housing marketing conditions prevent the opportunity to grow this business. There are many opportunities outside their current model. For example, we have the opportunity to offer additional services to their existing customer base i.e. mosquito control. In addition, we can expand their business into new market at substantially less cost they may can previously, as we already have an established national network of service locations. While our expectations that the HomeTeam business should grow mid single digits over the next 12 months but they appear slow based on their last few years result. It is respectable to the current market condition. We firmly believe that pest control business owned and co-managed by the world’s best pest control company are far more than a pest control owned and managed by homebuilder even our first five’s one such as Centex. There are many opportunities for improving their margins, but no the least will be our materials supplied buying power. To minimize any disruption in the transition to get the HomeTeam employees enthusiastically onboard and focus on the upcoming season, Glen Rollins, President of Orkin and Bob Wanzer, President for HomeTeam along with our Top HR people from both Rollins and HomeTeam are wrapping up a four-week Rollin tour having visited all 13 states in which HomeTeam operates and personally meeting with all HomeTeam employees. From a profitability standpoint, HomeTeam had an EBIDTA of approximately $9 million over the trailing 12 months. But most acquisitions in the pest control business, there were little tangible assets acquired. In fact, goodwill will total approximately $145 million and exceed the $137 million in the cash purchase consideration. This occurs as the liabilities assume exceed tangible assets. As a result of the goodwill valuation, approximately $84 million will be assigned to identify intangible assets with definite lives ranging from 8 to 20 year. As a result, we will record a non-cash charge of almost $8 million a year in amortization. This coupled with interest expense on the debt we incurred will minimize any accretion to EPS in the first year. In closing, we have an abundance of opportunities not only with the HomeTeam with our existing business as well. We look forward to reporting our results as the year continues. And, I will now turn the call back over to Gary
Gary Rollins - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And, our first question from the line of Jim Famalette with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Famalette: Hi, Gary. Harry, good morning.
Gary Rollins:  Good morning.
Harry Cynkus: Good morning
Jim Famalette: Gary, one thing about --about HomeTeam their business model that I’m a little unclear about in and I really you know as a part of a large organization so this, limited historical numbers out there for us, but, did this HomeTeam technician actually have to be onsite when the tubes are essentially built into a home or they just sell the tubes themselves?
Gary Rollins: No, they actually install the tubes.
Jim Famalette: Okay. Okay, so, I’m looking at just their EBITDA margin based on the last 12 months, looks like it’s cut it was been half of what Rollins is, when times are challenging in a home building market as they are now, is there infrastructure in place at HomeTeam that the company just got it has to absorb until time is get better and I guess it’s kind of a follow up question so there will be two parts would be, where margins better in say 2005 and early 2006 in this business and would you expect that when conditions improve I mean is there a fair amount of margin upside in this business?
Gary Rollins: We have to answer a lot of questions.
Jim Famalette: I’m sorry, I apologize. You don’t worry, I’m going with this.
Gary Rollins: If there are, as margin now opportunities, you know, we think that we have knowledge, that we can share, that we’ve gained and wrapped the pest control business, these are good people, they are good operators, but, we think that we can bring some things that to the party to help, show them some things that they may not be aware of-- to get back into the kind of the margin movement and how things were two years ago versus you know this past year. Their margins have continued to improve. This business till some extent is kind of like to burglar alarm business or the cable television business. When you are adding a lot of homes, it’s really more costly than when you are not adding a lot of homes.
Jim Famalette:  Okay. 
Gary Rollins:  You have the benefit of the recurring revenue base which you don’t have the installation recruitment et cetera. So, to some extent as a kind of good news bad news, the bad news is that the housing industries are, but the good news is that the housing industry is all -- because you don’t have this phenomenal investment that you are extending to install these units in these new homes. So, we really think that as Harry mentioned that there is a lot of areas that we can improve the margins and one of the factors that I have mentioned a little earlier is half of the business is just the conventional pest control. And I guess a reasonable question would be, why is that so and that’s so is because they acquired pest control companies that have a base of operation when they went into these various cities. So, they have a large number of customers that they don’t have anything to do with the tubes.
Jim Famalette: Okay. And presumably you know they operate in, I believe you said what was 13 states?
Gary Rollins: That’s right.
Jim Famalette: And you operate a lot more than that. So, that would also be an opportunity I would assume?
Gary Rollins: Well I think so and they really have to do it the hard way and I think Centex really made a major investment in this business by acquiring a large number of pest control operators and really dealing with the losses in the first years but there is many markets that we could go into that you know Orkin already in there you know we’ve got a facility now because we changed our marketing model through our call offices et cetera. We have space in a lot of our facility. So, it may not require that they have to -- the first year go out and let a new facility. So, I think that there is a lot of synergies in that regard.
Jim Famalette: Okay.
Harry Cynkus:
 :
 :
 :
Gary Rollins: Okay, we don’t have all the answers, we don’t even know what are the questions are? We are going to learn, we have no real interest to turn this business upside down, these are great people they have done a terrific job, Bob Wanzar is a super operator and you know, we should try this like we did with Western and we are likely to do with PCL. We are going to try to be helpful. I think our experience rather are in contacts with them, they are very open to ideas and suggestions, they have never really market it much to multiple unit apartments you know, this might be a great opportunity with some softness and single family homes to do some work as far as these apartments are concerned, so we think that there is a lot of great opportunities.
Jim Famalette: Okay. And Harry just last follow up question, I don’t know if I got the exact number, but your non-cash intangible amortization charge for the first quarter was wide and either millions are in per share basis. 
Harry Cynkus: For Rollins in the Q1 it was 3.3 million. 
Jim Famalette: Okay. 
Harry Cynkus: The annual run rate when you combine what HomeTeam would be close to 8 million and Rollins had a little over 13; will be nearly $42 million in non-cash charges.
Jim Famalette: Okay. Very good.
Harry Cynkus: Thank you very much.
Gary Rollins: Thank you, James.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). Our next question is from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport. Please go ahead.
Clint Fendley: Hi, gentlemen. This is Jerry for Clint this morning. Just a question on the SG&A, obviously it was impacted this quarter by the acquisition, I don’t know how she think about further impacts going forward turn the acquisition and in addition it looks like HomeTeam had the significantly higher issues and higher amount of SG&A expense as only with the time frame. Your thoughts in that time frame and cutting that down to be more loyal in the Rollins core business?
Gary Rollins: Well as -- as we mentioned they have a different sales model in terms of Q1 in SG&A, we incurred around $1 million in cost related to that acquisition, this is you know the counts for lawyer’s environmental, consultants and what not, they are still a little to come in Q2, we tried to capture much what we do in Q1, the price there’ll be some additional transaction cost in Q2, but I suspect it should be less than $400,000. In terms of there SG&A, organic and with the different sales model and that’s one thing, you know, we will look at in brain storm with them. You know, and I really don’t have at this point have any forward-looking estimate and what we can do in that area and we will share more with you when we learn what opportunities that might be there.
Harry Cynkus: I think we do have some upside though in that to the extent that - in the last few years, we made major investments in our commercial sales organization and any time you build sales organization you got a pretty significant cost burden until these people with successful and be productive, so we do have some opportunities as I mentioned our sales force, you know, is selling higher average sales per salesman and they are maturing and so, you know, we do have some potential as far as the sales that are - the sales margin, expense margin related to our commercial sales organization. 
Clint Fendley:  Hi, that’s helpful, thank you and just one another question on fuel within a huge factor, I guess this quarter is out what are your thoughts going forward, it is a past re-provisions or is there any kind of controls in place as you priced this share and that is going down any time?
Gary Rollins:
y:
 :
Gary Rollins:  One of the good things I guess about our company is that our people as you know when we kind of come up with an adverse situation, we try to find a way to offset it and there will be a lot more motivation to proper routing, there will be a lot more attention given to parking the vehicles where we have facilities that allow parking the vehicles. As Harry mentioned, we will be looking at after our use of the vehicles, you know, we have a kind of wake-up call like gas selling for $3.50 and I guess $4 on the west coast, it just makes me start looking at areas that you can help offset that kind of an increase.
Clint Fendley: Alright, thank you very much gentlemen.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: Alright, thank you. Our next question is from the line [Sam Lau] with [Asset Value Investors]. Please go ahead.
Samuel Wayne: Hello. It's Sam Lau. Thank you for taking the call or question. I wanted to ask you, I guess couple of just nuts and bolts type thing and then I also wanted to ask about the just if you could elaborate on why your claims that I guess experience is lower in the first quarter and a little more detail and after that I want to ask you, the amortization of intangibles from HomeTeam acquisition, are those deductible for taxes, income taxes as well? And then the actual share count on March 31st toward the end of the quarter?
Gary Rollins: Okay. The write off for tax purposes is actually even greater than it is in the books, the full amount allocated for goodwill would be written off over 15 years for tax purpose. We do have a book tax difference there.
Samuel Wayne: What’s the amount in your one then for example?
Gary Rollins: For book or for tax?
Samuel Wayne:  For tax?
Gary Rollins:  For tax, I guess that I don’t have a calculator, but the final goodwill is $145 million and you get it over 15 years, it’s about $9.6 million in tax deduction on per month basis.
Samuel Wayne:
 :
Gary Rollins: Yeah, I don’t believe you -- you get any bonus or salary, it’s a pretty…
Samuel Wayne: Okay.
Gary Rollins: I will verify my tax form, I’m pretty sure it’s 115.
Samuel Wayne: Alright.
Gary Rollins: Share count on the press release...
Samuel Wayne:  Okay, on your press release you gave the average equivalent shares outstanding?
Gary Rollins:  Okay. It should be right around that $103 million on the --
Samuel Wayne: I was hoping for.
Gary Rollins: 103 million shares.
Samuel Wayne: I will look for more exact count, but the best we think wait for this. Thank you.
Gary Rollins: Yeah, I don’t have it in front.
Samuel Wayne: Okay.
Harry Cynkus:  I can address, you know, your question about termite claims, you know simply we are, I guess reaping the benefits of the investments that we have made over the last several years as early as the late 90’s where we changed the treating requirements, changed from either sides that we used, changed our claims processing procedures where we really get an early reporting of the current potential termite claims much like you will do on workmen’s comp claim. So, we have really reengineered our termite business and fortunately we are starting to see and just like I guess anything that involves a large face with a tail which has taken several years to which has really started seeing the benefits of these changes that we have made back in the late 90s.
Samuel Wayne: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Gary Rollins: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Rollins, please continue with any closing comments.
Gary Rollins: Okay. Well, we appreciate your attendance and in your interest in our company and we look forward to meeting with you again next quarter where we can share results. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Rollins first quarter conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today’s conference in its entirety, you can do by dialing 1-800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000, enter the access code 11112420. Those numbers again, 1-800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000 and put the access code 11112420. We would like to thank you very much for your participation, you may now disconnect. Have a very pleasant rest of your day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Garland - Investor Relations Gary W. Rollins - President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director Harry J. Cynkus - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Clint Fendley - Davenport James Clement - Sidoti & Company Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Welcome to the Rollins fourth quarter conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Susan Garland. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Susan Garland : Thank you. By now you should have all received a copy of the press release. However, if anyone is missing a copy and would like to receive one, please contact our office at 212-827-3777. We will send you the release and make sure you are on the company’s distribution list.  There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week. The replay can be accessed by dialing 1-800-405-2236, pass code 11106089. Additionally, the call is being webcast over www.viavid.com and a replay will be available for 90 days.  On the line with us today are Gary Rollins, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Harry Cynkus, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Management will make some opening remarks and then we’ll open up the lines for questions. Gary, would you like to begin?
Gary W. Rollins: Yes. Thank you, Susan. Good morning and thank you all for joining our fourth quarter and year-end 2007 conference call. Harry will read our forward-looking statement disclaimer and then we’ll begin. 
Harry J. Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Our earnings release discusses our business outlook and contains certain forward-looking statements. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may be made on this call excluding historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from any statement we make today.  Please refer to today’s press release and our SEC filings, including the risk factor section on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ. 
Gary W. Rollins: We were pleased with our fourth quarter results and record performance for the full year. As stated in our news release, this was the tenth consecutive year of improved financial results and we remain optimistic about our future. Revenues for the quarter increased 5.5% and 4.2% for the full year. This growth was a result of the momentum of our sales and marketing programs.  Our commercial pest control segment had a particularly strong year with our commercial sales team delivering our best overall results and the best year-over-year improvement in the history of the company. For the fourth quarter, commercial pest control sales were up 25% and up almost 14% for the full year. National account sales were equally impressive with a 45% increase over last year and up 16% for the year.  It should be noted that a good portion of the sales that were made in the fourth quarter are just now beginning to produce revenue in the first quarter of ’08. As an example, we have almost 3,500 new individual store locations for three national accounts that are now scheduled to start service in February.  I would like to voice my appreciation and acknowledgement to the members of our commercial sales team for such a terrific year and we are looking forward to an even better ’08.  Our specific industry concentration and excellent service performance are enabling us to increase new contract pricing. In 2007, we increased our average new commercial sales price by over 15%. Our average contract for our commercial customers has increased almost 23% over the past two years.  The maturation of our commercial and national account sales force, bolstered by greater experience and savvy, have likewise generated improvement in our average sales per employee.  As you can see, we are pretty pleased with this business segment.  Let me now turn to our other two service offerings, residential pest control and termite control. As many of you are aware, these units earlier were negatively impacted by the drought conditions in most of the country during the first half of ’07. We were fortunate, however, that our investment in web marketing helped offset our fall-off in conventional advertising leads. I’ll comment more on this in a few minutes.  We overcame this handicap and saw an increase in demand in both residential and termite services late in the season that carried through until the end of the year.  Another point concerning our termite business is there was significant reduction in termite claims and related expenses this past year. The number of paid claims for the year was down over $5 million and we ended this year with 26% fewer open claims than last year.  To put our claims in perspective, you need to keep in mind that less than one-half of 1% of our customers filed a claim in ’07 and those that did, close to 100% have been resolved to their complete satisfaction. Fewer claims, happier customers.  The revenue growth we enjoyed in all three lines of our business just mentioned is attributable in part to our national Orkin customer service center, or OCSC. We established this in ’06. Their role in part is to receive and sell the majority of our residential pest control leads and help us acquire and forward to our branches the termite control leads. We expect OCSC to contribute even greater to our growth this year as we  improve in both of these areas.  We are also pleased to have significant improvements in customer retention in commercial pest control and termite control. Residential pest control was flat.  Now let me expand on my earlier Internet marketing comments. During ’07, we continued to build upon the investment that we made in this area the previous year. This strategy is allowing us to use our size and national branch network to a competitive advantage. We expect our number of prospects for both residential and commercial web leads to increase even further in the new year.  Most importantly, we are continuing to learn how to better attract these prospects and convert an even higher percentage of those web leads into new customers.  To help us achieve these objectives, we’ve engaged a new search agency last month, 360I, to help us make it easier for customers to access Orkin. At the same time, we engaged in a new yellow page agency, YPM, to assist in improving our marketing in this area and to help us find new customers at a lower cost per customer.  Last year we determined that we needed to improve how we advertise and promote the Orkin brand in conventional media -- radio, TV, cable, et cetera, and subsequently hired The Richards Group of Dallas, Texas, as our agency of record.  We felt we needed to do a better job of communicating with our prospects and to be more effective in reaching our target audience. We’ve been working with them for the past few months and are very excited about our new partner and the work that they are doing with their advertisers, which incidentally will begin airing prior to our next conference call.  We are continuing to make progress on our routing and scheduling management system, or Orion, as we’ve named it. We expect to go live at several of our branches early in the second half of this year and we plan to have a completed and field tested system before the year is out. Due to our size, it may take as much as two years for a complete Orion rollout.  As stated on our last call, in preparation for Orion’s implementation, we are currently utilizing Map Point software, an off-shoot of our GPS system, to begin the first phase of route organization. Part of this initiative involves refining and standardizing our customer data, which likewise will be a precursor to our Orion conversion.  We continued to invest in our greatest asset, our people. Last year’s training became available to all employees in the U.S. and some parts of Canada via our Orkin TV satellite network. We also launched what we called our lifetime learning initiative aimed at helping all of our field employees grow and develop throughout their careers.  A top priority this year is to identify specific performance-based training opportunities to help employees develop to their highest potential. We were recognized this month for the sixth year in a row by Training Magazine as one of the top 125 companies that excel in human capital development.  Following on from our women’s leadership conference last fall, we have formed a women’s resource group to further develop initiatives to both recruit more women to Rollins and Orkin and to advance the careers of those presently at the company.  We are always proud of the individuals in our company who receive industry recognition. During ’07, among those distinguished were Paul Hardy Sr., Technical Director, who won the prestigious President’s Award from the National Pest Management Association; William Graves of Orkin's Indianapolis branch was named Termite Technician of the Year by Pest Control Technology Magazine; and our public relations team won the Silver Anvil award from the public relations society of America for its work in publicizing the recent increase in bed bug infestations throughout the U.S.  Overall we are very proud of our accomplishments this past year but remain challenged to improve. The more we accomplish, the more motivated our team is to stretch ourselves to improve our company for the benefit of our customers, employees, and shareholders.  I have mentioned a few objectives and plans we have for this year and we’ll be discussing these and others with you over the next quarters. I hope you can sense that we are extremely excited about our company’s opportunities in 2008.  I will now turn the call over to Harry. Harry. 
Harry J. Cynkus: Thank you, Gary. Today we reported that fourth quarter revenue grew 5.5% and thanks primarily to our commercial sales team, this represents our best quarter for growth this year. Revenues totaled $216 million compared to $204.7 million for the fourth quarter last year. Net income for the quarter was $11.9 million as compared to $10.5 million last year, a 13.2% improvement, while diluted earnings per share this quarter is $0.12, a 20% improvement over the $0.10 reported last year in the fourth quarter. For the full year, revenues rose 4.2% to $894.9 million, net income rose 12% to $64.7 million, and diluted earnings per share increased 14.3%.  All EPS calculations are adjusted to reflect the three-for-two stock split that was effective in this quarter.  I’m particularly pleased to expand our discussion on this quarter’s revenue growth and the positive growth in all of our business lines. It’s been difficult to miss all the talk of economic concerns in the headlines these days but we have not seen much of an impact on our business to date. As Gary has previously stated, rats, roaches, and termites don’t read the Wall Street Journal.  But seriously, we are fortunate that pest control historically has been recession resistant.  Let’s start with our commercial pest control, which has been a key strategic focus of ours. This year it represents 44% of our business, though representing almost 46% in the fourth quarter. Excluding commercial fumigations, our commercial revenue grew 10.3%. Let me repeat that -- our commercial revenue excluding fumigations, which is somewhat lumpy, grew 10.3%. That just sounds and feels so good. And including fumigation grew 9.8%.  For some time, we have stated that we felt our commercial pest control offering has the opportunity to not only outpace the residential pest control’s growth rate but approach 10% growth and this quarter’s results certainly validates that statement.  With the continued maturation of our sales force, our average monthly sales for our commercial account managers continues to increase. Fueled by a strong pipeline of sales proposals, we look forward to continuing positive momentum from our commercial pest control business.  Our residential pest control service, which now represents almost 37% of the business, grew 3.4%. Our termite service line also grew. Normally I wouldn’t be bragging about eking out a small, three-tenths of 1% gain in the quarter; however, we believe that industry wide termite business growth may have been significantly negative for the year.  For the quarter, our gross margins improved by 70 basis points. This represented an improvement in gross margin to 45.7% versus 45% last year. Although some progress was made in several areas, the most significant increase in margin is primarily due to continued improvements in the cost of risk. Total insurance, litigation, and claim expense improved 70 margin points. These reductions were due to the success of the company’s loss control programs for both casualty and termite claims, which more than offset an increase in litigation cost in the quarter.  In addition, we experienced improvements in service productivity reflecting the preliminary route optimization that is underway in anticipation of Orion, our permanent routing and scheduling solution. This improvement was offset by greater fleet costs reflecting the higher cost of fuel in the quarter. Keep in mind that major improvements of service productivity will ultimately result in lower fleet expense.  Sales, general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter ended December 31st increased $5.4 million or 7.8% to 34.6% of revenues from 33.8% for the fourth quarter last year.  Salary expense increased as expected due to the expansion of our staffing in our national call center, along with some higher technology costs related to resulting technology initiatives in this area.  On the favorable side, the company experienced reductions in both bad debt expense and summer sales program costs. Tax rate for the full year was 38.3% versus 39.3% last year due to an increase in our tax exempt interest income and we were able to favorably resolve some state tax issues.  The company continues to generate superior cash flows. Our cash position and balance sheet remain very strong. Cash and cash equivalents this quarter stand at $71.3 million, with practically no debt. We’ve completed the funding of our pension plan with this quarter’s $5 million contribution. Our plan as of 12/31 is now fully funded based in actuarial assumptions. I’m sure a lot of companies would like to be able to make that claim.  Our net cash provided by operating activities for the year totaled $89 million, increasing $3.8 million over last year. We continued to return money and value to our shareholders through our dividend as well as our ongoing stock buy-back programs. Through these two programs, we returned over $62 million to our shareholders this year.  Speaking of dividends, the board of directors in yesterday’s meeting increased the quarterly dividend 25% to $0.0625 per share. This marks now the sixth consecutive year the dividend has been increased a minimum of 20%. As to stock buy-backs, we’ve purchased 2,373,000 shares in 2007 under our previously approved plan and have authorized an additional million shares to purchase.  Remember, our cash generation will be greater than earnings as nearly half of our depreciation and amortization, or $13.4 million for the year, represents write-offs of intangibles, primarily customer contracts valued at time of acquisition.  This represents a significant non-cash charge to the P&L. Based upon our fully diluted shares outstanding, it represents a non-cash, after tax charge of $0.08 to GAAP EPS this year and next.  Last week we had our 2008 region manager meeting and I don’t remember a prior meeting with this much enthusiasm as voiced this year by our management team. We look forward to report another year of steady and consistent sales and earnings growth as we convert that enthusiasm to execution of our growth and operational strategies.  I will now turn the call back over to Gary. 
Gary W. Rollins: Thank you, Harry. We are now ready to open the call for any questions that you might have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Clint Fendley from Davenport. Please go ahead. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on the quarter. Harry, a couple of questions here; first off, given the adjustment in the tax rate for the fourth quarter, how should we think about that rate looking forward into ’08 here?
Harry J. Cynkus: I would expect for the first three quarters of next year to probably see a rate right around 39%, maybe a little less, and then as we -- the states are always the wildcard in that as we go through and true that up. This year we had some favorable results but I don’t think the -- I wouldn’t count on the 38.3 being sustainable but Gary is always -- 
Gary W. Rollins: I’m glad you asked that question, by the way. It’s one that I ask Harry about every month. 
Harry J. Cynkus: We continue to work on it but I’m hoping for tax relief in next year’s congress. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Okay, and on the pension change from the liability to the half-secure, was there any impact on the P&L from that?
Harry J. Cynkus: No. All of that runs through other comprehensive income and retained earnings. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Okay, and Harry, on the termite claims, do you have the actual number for the quarter?
Harry J. Cynkus: I don’t have that right handy. I’ll have to get back on that. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Okay, that’s fine. And I guess Gary, any thoughts on why we’ve seen the negative growth across the industry here? What could be driving that?
Gary W. Rollins: I think the biggest thing is the weather. I hate to give you a weather report but probably 40% or 50% of the country had really drought conditions or severe shortages of rainfall and I think that one of the key learnings here is we always knew that moisture was important, as was evening temperatures, and I think this year was very educational because we really saw exactly how important it was. I mean, we can almost track our conventional leads by the relative rainfall variance throughout the country. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Okay. Thank you. That’s helpful. Harry, I guess on the cash, we saw the balance come down just a little bit sequentially. Any thoughts on what drove that flux?
Harry J. Cynkus: This quarter there was substantial share repurchase in the fourth quarter. I think it was 566,000 shares at an average price that was over $19, so a lot of that money was returned to shareholders through the share buy-back program. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Okay. And final question, any thoughts -- obviously a lot of momentum it looks like here on the commercial side as we head into Q1. Just any preliminary thoughts on the quarter. 
Gary W. Rollins: Well, we’re optimistic. We certainly don’t do earnings projections, forecasts, but we are optimistic. We think for the reasons that I mentioned that we’ve got a lot of revenue that was generated in the fourth quarter, which is typically unusual historically, or a lot of the sales, rather, will convert to revenue in the first quarter of this year, so -- you know, we hope we’re not foolish. We’re certainly oblivious to the economic uproar but we think that we can control our destiny. We’re certainly in a lot better position than most companies that are really vulnerable to borrowing money and a lot of the factors that take place.  Furthermore, we have never been a company that had a large weighting towards new construction or new homeowners and I guess that’s a good news, bad news. We probably over the year should have done a better job with that but the good news right now is that that’s not going to really impact us like it will contractors and a lot of other pest control companies that have really concentrated on new construction. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Do you think that that could potentially open up some opportunities for you on the M&A side with some of the regional players here that do have more exposure to the real estate market?
Gary W. Rollins: Well, I’m hopeful that the kind of a down year in the prospect of -- you know, for some competitors may be not an encouraging prospect for ’08 that there will be some motivation as far as selling businesses. You never know but I think that if people have succession plans, estate plans, and you know, kind of look at the prospect of maybe having two disappointing years in a row, that this may give them the motivation to decide that they need to sell their business. 
Clint Fendley - Davenport: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James Clement with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead. 
James Clement - Sidoti & Company: Gary, do you -- I don’t know if this number is something that you all disclose but I know you mentioned three large accounts, 3,500 new locations hitting the commercial business in February. Can you give us a rough sense of what the breakdown is in your commercial business between national accounts versus independent local businesses?
Gary W. Rollins: I’d have to give some thought to that. 
Harry J. Cynkus: The total commercial business is in the neighborhood of for the year is just under I think $400 million, and our national account business is $30 million to $35 million, so the national account business is less than 10% of our commercial business. 
James Clement - Sidoti & Company: But I would also, and this would be the follow-up question, is it seems like you all are extremely pleased with your national account sales team, so I was trying to get a rough sense of is that the area of the commercial business that you think the really super strong growth would be the most sustainable over time. 
Gary W. Rollins: The biggest investment that we made was in what I would call local commercial or regional commercial. I mean, we may have added one or two sales men on our national account business.  I think the biggest thing you are seeing in national account is the -- really the service improvements and frankly some of the deterioration in the service among some of the competition because pest problems for national accounts are really a big deal. They just cringe over having a headline or the newscast or something that talks about a pest problem in some of their locations.  So I think it’s the maturation of our national account sales force, I think it’s the fact that some of our competitors have stumbled. Now, the good thing about this business that I commented on, it was all at higher prices than the competitors had it for, so that makes you feel good.  I really have no interest to go in and cut the guys deal and get this based on price. 
James Clement - Sidoti & Company: And Gary, the way you guys can accomplish that, is that -- is your feeling on that is just a higher quality of service. 
Gary W. Rollins: I think -- exactly. I think, as I mentioned, the consequences of bad service or a cheap deal is just getting so significant and I think when you call on these people, you can tell very quickly in the visit that they are very concerned about keeping their company out of the paper and they are really concerned in getting good quality. More so, I’ve been in the business 40 years. I’ve never really seen the level of concern about not having pests to the extent that they exist today. 
James Clement - Sidoti & Company: Okay. Changing gears just a little bit, earlier this year you started talking about it a little bit on the calls and talked about it again here, but Internet leads -- how untapped a resource is that for you? I mean, roughly what percent of your residential business, the new business is now being originated from the Internet? Would you have a rough guess on that?
Harry J. Cynkus: I’m trying to -- I don’t have anything here in front of me. A little over half our business came through our national call center, but that includes calls and Internet. Internet continues to grow at double-digits -- I’m struggling for what the range is right now. 
Gary W. Rollins: I would say in a 20% to 30% range. I mean, we can get back with you and get maybe more -- 
James Clement - Sidoti & Company: That’s okay but it sounds to me like that’s -- I mean, it’s -- 
Gary W. Rollins: -- is of course when you are just starting, the increases are pretty dramatic from a percent point of view, and the wonderful thing this year was that you heard about a perfect storm. I guess this was a perfect situation because the conventional advertising was just -- which typically is the -- is influenced, you know, by the weather, the pest -- our advertising and our pest pressure, if you would, but we just had the web thing coming on with some of the investments and the changes that we made with our website, the changes that we made at our call center.  I think I’ve mentioned before one of the tricky things is if people source with the web but they don’t want to really conduct business on the web. Now you have to figure out how do you convert a web lead to a phone lead and efficiently? So we think we’ve -- I guess we don’t know what we don’t know, but we think we are smarter than we were two years ago. 
James Clement - Sidoti & Company: But it also sounds -- and correct me if I’m wrong -- I mean, it sounds like this is -- you sort of just kind of scratched the surface here and you expect your -- 
Gary W. Rollins: Well, we think so. We can just see a greater part of our advertising budget going in this regard. Of course, one of the reasons that we increased our staffing at OCSC was to make sure that we handle these leads on a timely basis.  A pest control lead is not something that you can put on a shelf and work on when you get around to it. When people really get motivated because of a pest sighting, or just total frustration because they haven’t been able to fix it themselves, they want to do something and take care of it. So you really have to be responsive when you get these leads. 
James Clement - Sidoti & Company: Okay. Thanks very much for your time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Stowe with Priority Capital. Please go ahead. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Just a little clarification -- did you say that the claims expense was down $5 million for the year?
Harry J. Cynkus: For the full year. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: For the full year. And do you feel like that’s a pace that can continue? I guess you said the number of clients was down something like 25% at the end of the year, the number of open claims. 
Harry J. Cynkus: I certainly won’t sit here today and say we’re going to drop -- we could drop another $5 million in the next 12 months. I think the rate is sustainable, the number of claims in the backlog is down, the number of serious cases I think continues to be addressed.  What we have seen historically in the termite claims, it seems to go in steps. That for a number of years there were 23 million for a couple of years and then you drop down to the $17 million range and we were in $17 million for about three years if you look at history dollars spent.  This year, it took another decrease and some of it is the older customers that we had that were treated with different chemicals in the past become less of our total customer base. 
Gary W. Rollins: Yeah, one of the things that, if I can expand on Harry’s comments, I don’t think we’ll be taking this big a bite out of the apple each year but I do think that what we are seeing is really what we’ve done in the past. We put our claims on an early reporting deal, like we do workman’s comp claims, where they have to be called into Atlanta as soon as they are received. There’s a penalty to the branch if that does not happen, so we don’t really have claims lingering out in these branches and I think that was one of the problems that we had in the past, was that they just were not receiving the kind of attention that they needed to receive.  I mean, I think that my expectation is it will continue to decrease but I don’t think it will do so in $5 million clips. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Right, so I guess -- am I thinking about it correctly if last year it was about a $17.5 million charge, this year it was something like 12.5?
Harry J. Cynkus: That’s correct. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Okay, and then at some point, I guess you would expect -- I mean, there will always be some base level of claims. You wouldn’t expect that to go to zero over the next 10 years?
Harry J. Cynkus: No, it will never go to zero. I think if you look back at the history of the company, the lowest it was ever was $3 million, but the trends are positive and we have proactive processes in place and we think we’ll continue a favorable trend. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. I appreciate the color. And then I know over the last couple of years, you guys have invested in your IT systems, specifically in routing software. Can you give us an update on where you are there and if that’s helping to address the expense structure positively?
Harry J. Cynkus: Well, routing and scheduling will ultimately let us be more productive and efficient. The routing and scheduling initiative has been underway probably longer than we care to talk about it but we are in the final stages here. We’ve introduced it, we brought in a number of key managers, branch managers, region managers, and demoed the system and the capabilities. I think at the last region manager meeting last week, we had four of the region managers who have that desire to be early adopters get up and build enthusiasm and share their experiences to what they see.  So we can’t wait to get it out of the lab and get it live. It’s going through a couple more shakedowns. We have the number of severity one issues is down to a point -- I think we’re working on the final performance tweaking to make sure that when we interface with a customer, we don’t keep them on hold an extended period of time.  So we have a couple more weeks here of testing. We’re running live data. As we mentioned, end of the second quarter, beginning of the third quarter we’ll be live in some branches and begin a full scale implementation before the year is out. It could take us two years to get through the 400 locations. 
Gary W. Rollins: I think one of the things that is really noteworthy is this isn’t like changing an accounts receivable system or an inventory system or whatever. I mean, these are customers that are happy. I mean, they are staying with us longer, we successfully service them every month when we’re supposed to, so we really had to be very cautious with this conversion and with this testing and that’s why I guess -- I would suspect that our testing cycle will be twice as long of another system or another type application because we just want to be sure that we don’t end up suffering as a result of this conversion. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Yeah, no, I certainly understand the importance of it and speaking from a customer’s point of view, I appreciate the benefits of it. I just wanted to make sure I was thinking right about a timeline of returns on that investment and it sounds like we’ll be live at the middle of this year and then cycling into next year, it’s still a little bit out in front of us. 
Gary W. Rollins: Right. We’re still -- we haven’t -- I mean, we’re disappointed that we don’t have it in the field. I mean, time is money. We’re disappointed that we continue to have to spend and we don’t have it working for us but we really haven’t lost our enthusiasm as to the positive impact it can have on our business and our bottom line. 
Harry J. Cynkus: And part of what we are doing, and we talked about using Map Point to do some route optimization in front of the rollout and we are seeing productivity improvements come from that. And part of this -- it’s really a precursor and it’s part of the change environment, getting people used to doing things different, cleaning up the data, getting used to the thought of optimization from -- so we’re starting -- we saw some productivity improvements in the fourth quarter here with some of the prep work that we’re going into it, so it is kind of exciting to see.  We’re seeing -- and it’s not just in service productivity. We’ll see it in less miles driven, less windshield time, in allowances and accidents. This will affect so many different areas of the business. We’re still excited about it but we still have a lot of other opportunities in the business to improve it. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: All right. I appreciate the color. And then one last one, if I can; did I hear you right that your average pricing on new commercial contracts was up 15% in the quarter?
Harry J. Cynkus: Yes, that’s correct. Now that doesn’t reflect necessarily a price increase. It has more to do -- it’s new contracts and it more has to do I think with the complexity of the customers and the mix of the customer that we are selling more upstream, selling more services than we had in the past. And I think part of that is having a professional sales force being managed and directed, and I think part of it is an outgrowth of what we’ve done in part of our last couple of years, commercial steering project.  One of the things we did is we developed a standard scope of services so that when our sales people did go into an environment they weren’t necessarily familiar with, okay, if I’m going to be in this type of company, here’s at a minimum the service I should provide and it helps them price it properly. And also I think it ultimately results in better retention in customer service because we are doing the service necessary to provide them with a good environment. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: And just on the commercial side, you gave a plus 10.3% number. Is that organic growth for the fourth quarter?
Harry J. Cynkus: Yes. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: And is there any way to break that out between new customer wins versus I guess increased revenue with existing customers?
Harry J. Cynkus: No, we really don’t slice and dice it that finely. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Okay, the last question I have is I guess you gave me a plus 25 -- 
Gary W. Rollins: I thought you already had a last question. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Sorry about that. I appreciate the time. You gave a plus 25% number for the commercial business. 
Harry J. Cynkus: I believe that was the increase in sales from the national -- was that the national sales? 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: I was just trying to reconcile that with the 10% organic. I didn’t know if there was a -- 
Harry J. Cynkus: Sales and revenue are two different things. We track sales, that revenue is going to come in over the course of 12 months, and your revenue is your month to month or month to prior quarter change. So when we talk sales, it’s -- 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Okay, sales is more of kind of a backlog number, I guess?
Gary W. Rollins: Yeah, or you would sell a contract let’s say for $1,000 -- let’s say $12,000, but you would just get $1,000 a month for the next -- 
Harry J. Cynkus: Twelve months. 
Gary W. Rollins: The next 12 months. 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Okay, I understand. So that -- 
Gary W. Rollins: So for the first quarter, if we sold it in the last quarter and we started in the first quarter, then you would just get three months of the sale. 
Harry J. Cynkus: Yeah, the 25% was comparing sales booked in this quarter versus the same quarter a year -- 
Patrick Stowe - Priority Capital: Okay, I understand. I appreciate the time and I wish you the best of luck. Thanks. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the line back over to management for closing remarks. 
Gary W. Rollins: Okay. Well, thank you. I would like to thank all of you for joining us in today’s call and your interest in Rollins and we look forward to you participating on our next call. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Rollins fourth quarter conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today’s conference, please dial 303-590-3000 or 1-800-405-2236, pass code 11106089. Again, 303-590-3000 or 800-405-2236, pass code 11106089. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
